I've been at Amazon for a month now, and I've seen none of the horror stories being communicated to the public, although Amazon is a large enough company that I'm sure there are good pockets and bad pockets. Everyone here is really smart, and wants to succeed both personally, and as a company. People collaborate and help each other, focus on data, and truly focus on the customer. Every company I've ever worked for talks about how important the customer is, but on day 2, they're forgotten. Amazon seems to genuinely focus on what's best for the customer, and it's awesome to be in meetings where people actually bring that up, and make decisions focused on long-term customer satisfaction.  The opportunities to learn here are literally unlimited, and the opportunity to take on new responsibility is as well. I honestly believe you can be as awesome as you want here.
Work hard, have fun, make history. Be proud of our self, the job we are doing.
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Jeff Bezos and his "S-Team" are brilliant and continue to make great decisions for long-term growth.  You work with smart people, you work on exciting projects, you are pushed to your limits...which can be rewarding when you accomplish great things. The diversity of the potential work and innovation can be very alluring. I've often called Amazon my "Sexy Mistress...she's emotionally abusive, but she's so sexy that I go back for more punishment."
Amazon is doing lot's of cool stuff...but lots of boring stuff too. There are really well run teams...and very badly run teams. The experience for software managers and engineers is all over the board, from really run low operational load teams to teams where people burn out after a year.   - Amazon is built, quite deliberately, to be Darwinian. You can generally expect that anyone who's been here for more than 2 years is competent and motivated or they wouldn't have survived. You can count on them as long as your priorities are aligned. There aren't many slackers here, and they don't survive long.   - We work on so much stuff that there's always an opportunity to find amazing cool stuff to work on (note that it's an 'opportunity', one that you have to pursue)   - A chance to make a huge difference   - A place where you can learn a lot about all kinds of things, both technical and about yourself   - Amazon encourages high mobility - even your manager can't prevent you from moving to another team within 6 weeks (normally, more than a few months under unusual conditions).   - Your friends and family have actually heard of the place you work and have at least a vague notion of what Amazon does without you having to explain
This company gets A list performance from C list employees. The culture is quick and hard charging. You are always working in relevant and meaningful projects.
Great starting pay and the ability to get raises very quickly. Full training in all areas are offered and if your willing to work hard and sweat everyday for 10 hours a day, 4 days a week, then this is the job for you. The 4 day weeks go by quick, it can be exhausting so proper rest and a healthy lifestyle will help you stay strong within this company. Beat benefits as well once you are a hired on as a full time employee.
- super smart people, the best of the best from schools - if you get hired here, you will be hirable anywhere, recruiting process is tough - the pay is above average, probably 1.5 times elsewhere (but the expected results are 150% of elsewhere too) - lots of opportunities to work on new, innovative projects - cool SLU campus, lots of options for food and drinks after work
Smartest people I’ve ever worked with. The ability to always have a way to push forward. Infinite number of opportunities.
Weekly pay, great pay,flexible shifts
- Company works like a well oiled machine - Management works hard and does a good job - Pay is great for the job
Decent pay. Challenging work. Great co workers
Great people and room to show your skills on a high level
Pay, work life balance, employee morale, employee attitude, good manager
Competitive pay, great benefits, and resources.
Pay to responsibility ratio is good
On the whole, people are smart Tons of flexibility to move around and try new things If you earn the trust of your team and management, promotion is possible (but far from guaranteed) For the most part, Amazon really is customer obsessed
Amazon is where it is now because of it's vision, and understands both it's immediate market needs, and consistently recalibrate for future demand. Most departments align to this principle and employee will be rewarded in both challenging issues and career development.
-Decent pay -Quality work -Latest tech -Work life balance - a choice
Provides great opportunities to grow and develop. A lot of great coworkers and a fun place to be.
Good base pay Got a raise
Great pay, work from home, equipment provided , terrific management
You are owner and you will be given full credit if you deliver. LPs are great and they are taken seriously.
You can still get 3 people in a room and make a decision to try something. that's pretty cool.
Pay/benefits are great! Plenty of insurance options and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) give you plenty of reason to stick around  It's Amazon! Feels good to work for a company that's changing the world.  Amazon isn't afraid to change processes that aren't working. "That's the way we've always done it" is never a valid reason, so we're always trying to change our processes for the better  If you're in management, you'll learn a lot about leadership in a short amount of time
The pay is pretty decent and I love the insurance. They will pay for school, they offer vocational classes in CDL. They pay for a lot of different schooling, and vocational classes. They give the employee's a lot of time off. HR is extremely helpful in almost every aspect. I definitely believe Jeff Bezos is a very smart business man. If you show up for work on scheduled time, make expected rate and not have a lot of time off task, then you have potential of opportunity in growing with amazon. Great place! Wish I had began working for Amazon a long time ago. One last thing, veterans are looked upon highly in the company.
The company is agile. People here keep learning new stuff. So good for people who want to learn new stuff and are ready to make changes.
You can grow with amazon if you’re willing to work hard, fantastic insurance
Management Cares Tuition Reimbursement Good Work/Play Balance
I am hard worker and respect my job.
Awesome ability to learn and take ownership.
Growth opportunities are very good
+ Strongly customer driven + Utilize the best in class technology to build solutions, with keeping a keen eye on timelines and agility + Work with the best of talent on the planet or increasingly diverse and hard problems + High pace of innovation and delivery, so as to meet customer needs the fastest + Excellent opportunities to work independently, have huge impact and drive your career growth + Good amount of internal mobility
Great pay and work shifts
Great pay great benefits almost perfect hours
Seems the company is doing more to get “diverse” yet not enough
Very flexible, you get to make your own schedule. very competitive start pay. If you are not lazy, the work is not any hard work
Amazon seems to be a good company to work for. Hoping once I am there over 30 days I will be able to come on full time. Not a bad pay to start out at.
Fast personal growth, easy to change teams
On top of breaks and sometimes yhey bring in food for the crew. Great pay good hours and oppurtuniies to move up
Salaries and benefits are great
Dynamic and challenging environment, work with talented and bright minds, great vision and growth
Amazon is such a large company that much of what was asked of you by customers was already pre-scripted by Amazon and there were many resources available to handle concerns.
Benefits! I love that I can take time off work or pick up more shifts when available. Peak season is when the money comes in.
you're in charge of your hours friendly staff team oriented they seem to genuinely care about you and listen to you
Great place to work and great pay.
Good pay Benefits Low barrier to entry
Company cares about employees' happiness in regards what is made available to all at lunch, breaks, etc. - foosball, air hockey tables, PlayStations, break room - they recently gave everyone a pay raise as of 11/1/2018. Really liked graveyard Shift Managers
I have been a full associate at the Edison nj for 9months now. The mangers and my coworkers have been great. Work is very tedious and long but you get used to it. The pay is decent and health benefits at $81 a month for full coverage is great. Compared to $700 on my own. The job is what you make of it . As long you make your rate your good
large impact projects high visibility company has great vision
Different team has different culture, most run like a complete startup that owns and manages their own services. Not too much politics and process. Great for growth. Many tools to use.
This company is alright cool stuff to work on
You only work four days a week. The pay is decent, but the benefits are great. The harder you work and the more enthusiastic you are the quicker you will be considered for a promotion
good for developing skills and good salary
Plenty of hours and Flexible scheduling
great benefits great training diverse culture Great insight
-Working with many smart people that excel in their specific field and expertise -Ongoing opportunities to learn new tools, processes, programs -Opportunities to grow into other job family or transfer to similar roles on a different teams within the company
- You can learn a lot very quickly in a very short time - Surrounded with nothing but incredibly smart and driven individuals. - Compensation is well beyond my expectations, and more than suitable. - Exciting projects all across the company that keep you interested and focused. - Amazon is changing the world
Excellent part seasonal job, and job enviroment
Flexible hours, work load wasn't bad.
The enjoyment of staff
Flexible Hours and Shifts. As long as you understand the process and procedures it can be a stress free job. Good Team building in the beginning.
Great place you’ll love the flexibility
Flexible, close to home no commute and very nice environment
Driving projects from concept to execution.
Fast Paced, own your own development. Work with high-energy, intelligent people solving problems realtime.
Good pay, smart coworkers, good insurance
Great benefits from day one, decent level of time off available, plenty of opportunities to move up, open to training you wherever your interests lie, attentive managers, as long as you work hard you will reap the benefits.
I like working for Amazon. The pay is great. and the work isn't hard at all. Just got to have comfortable working shoes and stand up for 10 hours. Amazon loves their nursing moms. And have no problem with me going to do my motherly job. you can pretty much work at your on pace. Great environment. Great opportunities.
Stable company, great people, be part of company that is changing the world
Amazon is an amazing company is the most innovate company in the world the people is great and you have a lot of opportunities to learn and a lot of areas to work
- motivated co workers and teams - good infrastructure, decent development tools, good processes - good benefits
If you want to learn about about warehousing(not Databases) and logistics this is the place to be. You have the opportunity to get involved in each facet of the operation. My direct supervisors are awesome. Career growth is possible, you have to have an Idea and plan for where you want to go.
Good pay and flexible hours
Good environment for innovation and challenge.
Great technology and management. Enabling culture.
Caring people and solid work experiences
Great opportunity for a great company
Great place to be working at.
Alot of benefits and bonus
Great company. Good pay.
Great company! Relaxed atmosphere. Lots of opportunity to change departments
The hours are good
Great pay with holiday over time
The total compensation and benefits are great
Good hours and pay is good
Benefits , pay, stocks, growth, paid breaks
Learn a lot of things. Move fast.
Work hard, work hard, work hard. May be make history.
There are lots of business in Amazon. It is very easy to change team inside Amazon. I like this "available changing team/role" culture inside Amazon. You can always have the chance to try and work on a new business or a new role without leaving the company. Business teams inside Amazon are very independent. There are 4 times a year promotion windows. If you do your job pretty well in your new position, it is also possible you can get your next promotion in 6 months in your new team. And a clear and fair performance evaluation system is also another very important valuable point I find in Amazon.
Great office, great team, great technologies to learn: Cloud, Big Data Analytics, IoT and hundreds more  Benefits 1. Joining Bonus Year 1: $XY,000 2. Joining Bonus Year 2: $XZ,000 3. Stock Joining Bonus: 35 x $AMZN 4. Cell Phone Bill paid 5. Commute: Gas, Toll, Parking paid
Challenging work environment which promotes great growth/development opportunities.
You know exactly what is expected of you and all you have to do is keep your work ethic at 100% and you cant go wrong.
Great place for free thinking and contribution to innovation. Great benefits and compensation.
Great benefits, long term employment opportunities
Good pay, good benefits. They'll work w/ you & possibly pay for some of your schooling.
Amazon has provided me a space to grow my skills set, to learn from incredibly smart individuals that love seeing positive change through their work, challenge the status quo in case there may be a better way to accomplish a goal, innovate on behalf of customers.
Good Pay Nice Facilities Parking is free
good work life balance and flexibility in timing
Benefits Management colleges EVERYTHING
Amazonians actually believe in and apply Amazon Leadership Principles on a daily basis in everything we do #CustomerObsession #DeliverResults - Values experience - Invests in staff (training, coaching and mentoring) - Talented, dedicated colleagues - Does not encourage working weekends and long hours
Paid weekly Discount Benefits You also get frequent breaks
Great pay and benefits Great teams Great environment Lots of opportunities to advance
a lot of passionate people
Good working environment Gloves, vest, etc always available Great pep talks before shift begins by team leads Offered VTO on slow days Short shifts
Money is good People are nice and helpful
take a lot of challenging projects
Benefits, pay, no one bother you as long you do your work, And you can leave work anytime as long you have PTO or UPT.
Good pay and good hours
You get to wear what ever you want.
- Great Benefits - Competitive Salary - Most you'll ever get out of an operations job - Work 4 days and then 3 days off (depends on your schedule) - You own your own development. No one will hold your hand
Good place to gain experience for new grads. You will learn how to develop and operate extremely efficient software systems.
- High standards - High impact - Fantastic culture - Solid leadership principles
Great enviornment, fun job, get to pick your own hours
The employees were great and super kind
Pay is good. People are nice. Work can be physically challenging in a good way.
Great culture, relaxed dress code, great reputation in the Market, challenging and you feel valued as a professional.
pay is great team work happy employees. work is not to hard really get a work out.i dont understand all the bad comments they give. on the job application you have a right to choose or not choose your rece/ethinicity.you are notlooked down at.you are allowed bathroom breaks.along with breaks and lunchs you do get them.i dont under stand why people have to demote a company .some people are not cut out for certain jobs so you have the opprtunity to explore dont be negative because that wasnt the right job for you.ps some people are afraid to break a little sweat. i love it!!!!
Everything is good with the company
Good challenging opportunities, great peers to motivate and learn from each other. Work on new technical frontiers.
was fun to work here!
- Money. You can make a lot if you are willing to put the time in and take as much OT as you can handle.  - Good environment to network in. With the heavy turnover rake, you are very likely to know one, if not multiple people at your next position. Be willing to use this to your advantage when you start looking.  - Looks good on a resume, for now.
Good benefits and people who work together are nice
massive responsibility early in carrier
Decent pay for high school graduates
The pay was very good for a warehouse position.
Excellent benefits, expected to meet quota, good exercise, lots of perks and trainings even for outside the company (theyll pay for you to be a phlebotomist is thats what you want) Room to grow (unless you start on the bottom then you're stuck)
Good for people who need part time work. (students, transitioning from one job to another)
Benefits from day one, you can sign up for dental and go to the dentist the following day, 48 hours of personal time and 40 hours of vacation, plus paid holiday!
Great place to start your career, if you get an L4 SDE offer out of college take it! you will learn a ton and it will be a great platform to find your next job (ideally 1 year after being promoted to L5)  Principal Engineers - (L7+ SDE's) are untouchable in the company culture, if you get a Principal offer, take it - $$$$$$$ a year with stock increase is not uncommon after a couple years.  Stock price keeps on going up (even with recent dip)
Engaging projects, ability to transfer to gain experience, really great teamwork, work life balance.
Amazing benefits package for employees.
Company brand recognition in the market. Some really brilliant people plucked out of every good company out there.
Great technical experience and convenient perks.
Smart People, Fast growing, lots of opportunity to learn and grow professionally.
Engineers are given full ownership. A good place to start your career because you can learn a lot.
Good money. Base pay ($15) + differential ($3.50) = $18.50 per hour. I work part time only Saturday and Sunday for 20 hrs total. Easy to get hired. No requirements.
Get to work alone Good pay Good Benefits Management is at least kind
Ownership, innovative company, diversity of the company business lines, Career growth.
Amazon’s a great company for builders. Everyone here is a leader with very sharp IQ. Managers empower teams to make independent decisions and execute plans fast. Overall compensation and benefits are competitive.
Ownership, innovative company, diversity of the company business lines, Career growth.
Amazon’s a great company for builders. Everyone here is a leader with very sharp IQ. Managers empower teams to make independent decisions and execute plans fast. Overall compensation and benefits are competitive.
Friendly, not strict, flexible, fun
I have finally found a company that thinks about the thing that makes a business successful, the investors that invest everyday but don't get a salary or stock bonus.
I enjoy working at Amazon
I felt comfortable accepting a job either hem because they understood my priorities
Great benefits, great wages, great culture.
Culture and a lot of projects to work on.
Was able to work from home. Decent management relationship. Great Maternity benefits
Fast with paper work
Great pay rates for Weekend & graveyard shifts. The staff is very friendly. Management is willing to listen for advice/improvements.
Flexible schedule, easy to get hired, good minimum pay for all positions ($15/hr), casual work environment
Fun, Fast paced and enjoyable
Big company , good environment
Benefits, availabilty of work, Voluntary time off
Mgt is friendly and willing to help. Associates work hard, Great Benefits. 3 days off.
Very strong people skills. Others follow what i suggest. Ive sent alit of clients to retailers i follow.
High energy, lots of teamwork, enthusiastic workers, good pay, plenty of room for learning (you need to show interest) good exercise, new friends, just fun place, good management at my facility. Very helpful.
I’ve worked at many different places, I’d say amazon is the one where I’ve grown the most professionally. Is it a lot of work? Yes. Do you learn a lot? Yes. For the complainers out here, this is not a good place for them. But for most of us, we can’t think of leaving in the foreseeable future.
Flexible hours and decent pay
-You get paid to exercise. -Great introductory pay for warehouse. -Strong company with brand recognition.
Money is good and you don’t have to wear dress code
Good part-time job, time off is pretty convenient once you're a blue badge. Management is pretty bad but there are many other people to mix and mingle with as for the most part you just scan boxes.
The pay was nice .
Growing company more offices opening up
No micromanagement, new buildings' interiors are beautiful, good pay.
The pay rate is good
Easy job and nice pay
Huge opportunities to learn and grow and contribute to new solutions to big problems. If you like sharp tools and hard problems then this is the place to be. Everyone is empowered to take on anything they think they want to take on which means your career growth is entirely in your hands to find opportunities and chase them!
Good Pay, Good people, Good benefits
Fun, flexible, overtime, meeting good people
The pay is amazing as long as you get a block. Getting a block is competitive. The app has a good flow.
Positive work culture, potential growth
Gain valuable logistics and supply chain experience. Opportunity for growth is infinite
Great team, great managers, great work, great part-time benefits, and great starting pay. I look forward to moving into a higher role in the future.
There aren't many pros about working for Amazon, however, I will say the best part about this position is the impact you have on so many people in a positive way. Learn to lead by example and not fall into the Amazon culture. A lot of people above you will try to drive their own principles upon you and blame you for their poor decisions. Don't change for Amazon, lead your team the right way and they will work harder for YOU.
If you meet standard requirements, show some initiative and an eagerness to learn you will be provided the tools to succeed within the company. After 30 plus years in other fields that never required punching a clock, I was hesitant to begin a new career as an associate in the fulfillment center at Amazon. It has been an incredible 4 months in which I've learned 5-6 different specialties within the FC. I don't know from one shift to the next what I will be assigned to do. It's never boring and the majority of my associates work hard. While having several specialties means nothing in terms of pay, It does make me a more valued employee if ever there need to be lay-offs. And it brings me closer to an advance to the next pay tier.
Great Environment and benefits for employees
I have been working at Amazon more than 3 years great pay. Some people are nasty but most of them are really nice.
Hands on experience with hardware, software and troubleshooting
Good pay and friendly Environment
The work is relatively simple and easy from a physical standpoint.
Benefits Hourly pay 4 day work week
great pay, accommodating, benefits day one
decent pay for starter job  buildings are climate controlled
Ability to own your career. Big company that feels like a start up. Great opportunity to move around the company, they really encourage if you aren't happy in your role to explore other roles in Amazon.
Great environment friendly and flexible
Solving the most interesting challenges in the world
Good benefits for part-time employees and set schedule
$15 per hour pay. Four 10 hour days. 11 hour days during peak. So three day weekends are nice. Great benefits. Room to move up or around in the company.
Time off, people, stocks, n/a
Good pay consistent hours mostly friendly people good for losing weight
Good pay, regular VTO, good management
Deal with all attitude in work place
Good pay and good benefits
Education of transportation and logistics if allowed to advance.
Challenging fast paced work environment
Learn a lot of great leadership skills, how to develop projects and take ownership
flexibility, virtual work, pay increase
Flexible schedule and flexible shift
They recently increased the pay to $15/hr, which is really the main reason why and I so many others applied. You don't interview at all. Just pass a drug test and background check and you are hired. You are allowed to pick the schedule that works in your favor and the work is crazy easy. The people are all super friendly and helpful as well. I never once felt intimidated or nervous. You also can have any sort of look there, no restrictions on that. I worked in the sortation warehouse where all we did was take the packages off the line and put them in pallets to match their zip codes. Pretty much mastered it on the first day.
You are given a lot of freedom to dictate the way that you want to work, at least on my team. As long as the job gets done, and you keep your team informed, then things will go well for you.
Opportunity to learn and innovate in the area of Machine Learning
Amazon only hires Type A players and thus the reliability of team work is at its maximum potential. The results are proof.
Amazon is definitely the fastest growing billion dollars company. The business is always changes and this gives employees always new ways of improving and challenging themselves either via new technologies, new teams or new locations. The company still works as a startup where everybody is enabled to create and propose innovative ideas, as we always say: Invent and Simplify.
Solid leadership. Smart people. Growth opportunities. Positive encouragement. Challenging, not boring.
this was a great company to work for
Money Time Fast paced Growth opportunities Supportive
High salary for entry programmer
They offer decent pay, plenty breaks
Pay , a nice amount of overtime
Weekly pay, Easy apply, plenty of hours during Holidays
The managers and employees are friendly
There is plenty of good things to say about Amazon. Plenty of workers would be happy with the insurance alone. The lowest end of payscale is $15/hour. As IT Support Engineer I am getting $21.15/hour, above expectations for the area. Amazon does really value their leadership principles and it shows in their management.
Get to learn more and do more in a shorter time than I've ever been Quality compensation Flexible work from home opportunties
Good company culture that rewards hard work.
Amazon is really an exciting place to work, you should never have a shortage of engaging work here. I expect that almost every possible type of job can be found here, if it isn't, it could be created. At Amazon Web Services (AWS), where I work, you would be hard-pressed to find more interesting, challenging, and future-thinking technology. One of my favorite things about working at Amazon in general is the inclusion--Amazon proudly employs, and vocally supports, minorities, LGBTQ+ individuals (including transgender persons), veterans, and people with disabilities. My entire management hierarchy, including myself, is made up of women (until reaching the CEO, Andy Jassy, who is male). As a young employee, I feel like my opinions are valued, and that I'm not looked down on due to my age or tenure. If you're hard-working, tenacious, and incredulous, you can find a place at Amazon.
Amazing hands-on experience in a Warehouse
Kept active so it kept me in shape
The environment was fun and exciting each day. Coworkers were typically nice. Management seemed to actually care about me and would give positive feedback while good constructive criticism.
experience and great networking
On your own time
Decent salary for what you do
Benefits and competitive pay for industry and position. Training provided.
Where to I begin. Let's start with immediate insurance as soon as your badge is in your hand. Many ways to take time off. Paid, unpaid, voluntary, vacation. Increase in both hourly pay and night shift differential. 4 day work week. Holiday pay (6). Swagbucks, gets you free items just for working. Advancement opportunities. Career path stock option. Great employee discounts. Many different shifts. So much more...
I am very happy with Amazon's alive enviroment. You never need to think what you are doing or what's your impact. You can just go with the flow.
great pay and options for growth
The pay is good and if you become a permanent employee the benefits are good as well. I also had a lot of flexibility in choosing my schedule though I did not mind the weekend requirement for part time seasonal employees.
-Workout and get paid - payrate -great for college students - vision and dental, and other benefits -good to climb the ranks
It’s a good job , pays good !
- Fast paced and constant changes so you will learn how to adapt to different changes, you need to find opportunities and present your ideas, you drive your career. Great place to learn and innovate!
Working from home, you save time on traveling to one of the sites
Flexible, Motivator, Chance to innovate
4 days work schedule Pto Overtime Get paid for full shift even if your done early
Solid company with excellent benefits
The people and great benefits
Workout while you work. Good pay per hour. They feed you at times.
It all comes down to the opportunity that Amazon provides. If you show up on time and do your job and complete you tasks and even try to excel you will be awarded in terms of financial benefits as well as the ability to move up in the company!!!
I love the pay rate and the weekly pay.
-Ability to work on projects that impact a lot of customers.
Salary is good and easy hire process without interview
They offer a benefits package.
Company culture is a big deal. You live by the leadership principles and understand where you have them as stregnths and ones you need to work on a little.
The job is extremely easy.
Friendly employees and managers. Flexibility in the schedule.
A good tech company to work for career growth
Good culture.,growth opportunity, challenging task
Opportunities for growth, pretty campus, lots of food options, name prestige, high salary, learning potential, smart coworkers
Good opportunity for learning new skill and forging anti-pressure capability.
Work from home ,flexible schedules
Work from home ,flexible schedules
Good benefits, anyways hours & overtime available, Good pay
Work from home. Able to schedule hours to suit your needs. Supportive co-workers and extensive paid training.
Everyone has been incredibly nice. Most of my coworkers show enthusiasm for the job.
Success breeds success. Amazing culture with near-zero politics, intellectual honesty, great pay/benefits, and a global mission that touches millions of small businesses in a positive way.
1. You can learn a lot as new graduates and you can work with a lot of talent people. 2. A lot of different teams to explore and you can always find one interest you.
Brilliant people to work around, and opportunities to network and grow knowledge base
At the time it was a higher pay than most jobs in the area
$15 per hour pay minimum. Friendly work environment. Opportunities for advancement. Constant work barely any time to think or slack off, employees all work as a team.
its a nice place to work atleast you dont need to pay for Gym because you daily work is full body GYM itself....and there payment and incentives are very high compare to other like companies
The money and people are great
Ability to learn and grow, working with amazing people.
Good Management and employee-customer oriented.
great co workers easy work
Good salary, good benefits. Management culture for lower-level managers seems pretty focused on making sure the team can get their work done without distraction.
Quick, steady money, good benefits
Amazon's work is very rewarding and stable and has great opportunity, if you expect to perform well. Amazon expects superior performers from the bottom to the top and Amazon does an amazing job of clearly setting performance expectations. If you do not want to work hard, don't join to Amazon.
1. Exposure to cutting edge technology 2. Experimenting is encouraged 3. Flexible schedule (work from home) - except when on business trips
Great company to work for
Learn a lot of skills, experience with how a warehouse flows.
-Upperward mobility -Opportunities to learn beyond your standard skillset -Excellent performance is rewarded
The money and people are great
Good place to work, can learn something new.
Great pay, benefits and room to grow
Working with nationalities. Learn different aspects of the company.
Experience was good, good pay
Very organized and efficient management
Good Management and supportive HR team
- Great people in the org I supported, made a lot of friends - Really smart people, you'll learn a lot - You'll never be bored - High visibility projects, it's cool to see something you're working on reported in the news daily - Good pay - Great executive leadership
Great pay, very little stress
The hourly pay is good especially in NY and if you do overnight + weekends
There's always a clearly defined method promo path, and also lateral movement where needed.
Really easy, nice people to work with
Never ending challenges helps you grow
Pay Hours Amcare Nice Management Hard work
Good company to work for
Everyone I work with is amazing.
Amazon.com is a strong business fueled by a virtuous cycle. Sales growth drives increased network density which improves cost per package fueling more sales growth. AWS is Amazon’s profit engine while growing rapidly and losing leadership to Azure. Alexa is strong as well although also looking vulnerable to Google. With growth comes opportunity.  The workforce is young and high energy. You’ll find sharp folks in all organizations. Decisions are made quickly especially when reversible. Jeff is obsessed with delighting customers and long term in his thinking. Peers tend to be sharp, but a step down from the other tech firms I’ve worked for.  Pay is fine- comparable to other top tech companies but lower after adjusting for cost of living. Benefits are somewhat typical with the exception of vacation and sick days. Both lag behind top tech peers.  The Seattle campus is beautiful and modern. There are plenty of food choices including a good food truck scene. The buildings are dog friendly which keeps things cheery.
A great company to text out what works for you. If you don’t like the role you are in there are ways to transfer so you are happy in the right role! Great benefits and pay is highly competitive.
Fast paced environment. A great place to grow project management skills Great teams!
its great and great pay
easy work, can work in team
High pay. Dynamic work environment. High standards.
The Culture is conducive to an employees growth. I have felt valued as an Employee and a person throughout my tenure with this wonderful company. Look forward to all the possibilities.
You get to work with some of the smartest in the industry. Also, pay is fantastic and mobility within the organization is encouraged. Fantastic people, great work culture, and a truly inspiring place to work. This is the first place I have worked where I see myself growing a true career for years to come.
Flexible work schedules, good work-life balance, access to lots of training resources, plenty of growth opportunities
work culture, stock incentive, ownership
Great pay for entry level manager. Ability to start projects that influence your department/team or facility. Open door policy with top management means that managers are always in check. Comprehensive daily grading system for all managers that get rated by their direct reports which ensures that all managers are always trying to improve and learn. Able to drive meaningful results. Management really does try improving the experience for area managers.
I've learned so much working at Amazon. I had autonomy to design, develop, launch, and globally scale a program and gather metrics - from beginning to end. As long as the metrics show success, there is a great deal of opportunity to bring your expertise and create new things. The other thing is the Leadership Principles - people really do live them and that's refreshing!
Incredible company growth, stock, very bright teams
Predictable schedule, No big curveballs
Generous Benefits. Reasonably priced insurance coverage.
no day is the same, learning new things every day
Great salary and stock benefits!
A lot of opportunities and great projects to work on.
The environment is extremely chill, no pressure.
Lots of smart people and chance to create real world impact
Competitive pay and a lot of opportunity for growth.
Indoors / AC Fair paced job
Internal opportunities, benefits, fast paced
Easy job to get, they hire anyone
None really, but this is only on FBA org. There are plenty of teams that are amazing, this is not one of them.
Interesting technology and products. Was given a lot of autonomy and influence. Once you get a hang of their internal tools, some of them are really nice.
The beneifits are wonderful and they start on day one if you aren't a temp.
Tools and Process which work at the scale of Amazon
great money to be made. room to move up and grow in the company. great health care and dental care is amazing. they give shares into the company. and good bonuses when good jobs are done.
Being an attorney for Amazon always offers opportunities to work on interesting problems. From day 1, I owned my own matters, made independent decisions, and worked frontline with new clients and customers. It's a lot more responsibility than my law firm associate role, and has more opportunities to speak up and lead. The issues we work through might be operationally difficult, involve high dollar value transactions, or have customer-facing implications (or all three) but each attorney works independently and within the team to solve them.  I get excellent mentorship and training benefits. There are more levels between you and leadership than at a firm, but there are also good opportunities to work with senior leaders on specific deals, project work (for process improvement, scaling etc), and as an escalation point. My career got a big jump start by being at Amazon, and my manager is actively coaching me to achieve my goals. I feel that Amazon has invested in me, and that makes me more willing to invest in Amazon.  Everyone I work with is super smart and has high expectations. They all went to excellent law schools, and worked at top tier law firms and in house roles before joining Amazon. You get to work with, and be trained by, the best here.  The leadership principles are very real - your hiring, performance, and promotion, are all tracked against them. Team members and leaders give feedback framed in the leadership principles, and it creates a common language in a huge company, which I've found helpful.
Pay Benefits Experience Repetitive task oriented work Easy if you pay attention
Benefits, salary, employees, VTO opportunities
Great job to work dor
Good pay and excellent benefits
Get time off work, school accommodation program
good benefit and work environment
they snacks some times lol sometimes
Get to work with the latest and the greatest technologies
Amazon really does allow you to help the customer and provides the tools and support to do your best!
Shifts are no longer than 6hr, opportunities to work more shifts, free exercise, VTO options & weekly pay!
It is a fast growing company.
the job is easy and you get to pick your own days
Pay Benefits Experience Repetitive task oriented work Easy if you pay attention
There are tons of career opportunities in Amazon and the leadership is great. Wherever you want to work, whatever you like doing, there will always be a way to get it.
Very smart people working on very cool projects.
On the fly thinking and flexibility required for people who like dynamic workplaces.
Fast Paced environment Competitive Salary and Benefits
1. You get ample joining bonus in shares. 2. You get to see bureaucrats and then you know how to avoid them in next job search. 3. No dress code
You get paid a decent amount of money for the rural areas, the training is hands-on, the benefits are good.
The Stocks that are offered after 2 years of employment.
$15 / hour and no interview makes it easy to start up quickly Safe and clean place to work
Culture People and high bar of entry Company Growth Personal Development Customers Benefits Pay and Stock
Fun, flexible, not a lot of corporate red tape
15hrly. Good benefits. Indoors. Breakroom has food.
Compensation. There’s nothing really else that’s a pro.
Managers in the warehouse made it bearable and understood that the job sucked. They'd try to be good about giving us extra hours when needed and provided food. That felt like a one off at the warehouse I worked at though.
Great benefits, stock going up
Flexible work environment to be in
you have lots of friends
Friendly coworkers, 4 day work week, great benefits.
good benefits, nice co workers and management
Good people, fast paced environment
Some of the work we get to do is very interesting.  The "customer obsession" cliché is actually true, most of the time.  Easy internal mobility, and lots of different projects to work on.
- Fast paced environment - Tough problems to solve -Great peers
Good Pay with very good benefits
4 days a week start
Amazon is a global company
Good work experience, Strong work passion
Decent pay, can't think of anything else.
Flexible hours, benefits for part time workers, advancement, light work
great wages, time off, flexibility
Many associates really like what they do and want to move up
* Very strong product management discipline, and a strong focus on customer obsession. * Stock packages are very good. capitalize on Amazon stock. Oppo
New goals daily. Ability to learn a lot in a short time. Being able to implement change.
Consistent work and usually 4 days in a work week
Good pay and benefits, ability to work from home, many different OUs to work in
Diversity and inclusion vibe, High Trained Leaders, Growth opportunities, best payment for an entry associate.
Easy work, and it's nice to have three days off.
ability to present new ideas and work across teams
Starting pay is great, highest paying job for people with little to no experience
Best Brand Rub Shoulders with the smartest people on planet work on most complex problems Best Office- In the middle of Seattle
We do things with a purpose. We do things for customers first. We do things with customers in mind, even when customers can't see us.
Amazon is a large company with different teams that work on vastly different topics. Your experience might significantly differ from team to team. Usually you will find yourself switching teams in the first year to find the team that better fits you. One nice aspect of Amazon is that they emphasize on making real products or services and making money out of it. This gives a clear direction to the projects.
Amazon is a large company with different teams that work on vastly different topics. Your experience might significantly differ from team to team. Usually you will find yourself switching teams in the first year to find the team that better fits you. One nice aspect of Amazon is that they emphasize on making real products or services and making money out of it. This gives a clear direction to the projects.
a lot of work and chance to show your ability
Familiar with amazon for 2yrs, driven amazon flex for 1 yr and a half and 3rd party for 7 mths. I've worked from Minnesota to Houston TX and k kow what it takes to manage and make a driving force efficient.
Pay Promotional opportunities Transfer opportunities Benefits stock and sign on bonuses
You choose when you want to work.
Good with flexibility and good pay for part-time
Pay is good now with the raise
You get to work on products that people actually use, sometimes used by a lot of people.
-Great overall pay -Lots of opportunities for learning -Minimal micromanagement -Great for driven individuals. If you have an idea, you can pursue it -Good maternity (14 weeks)/parental leave (6 weeks) policies -Flexible work schedule
Cool break room, nice co workers
Great pace, if you like a fast pace environment. Lots of talented people.
-Learn a lot, fast -Compensation, benefits, etc. -Smart, talented coworkers
Big growing industry and still too much to expand
Stocks soaring making most employees over compensated.
Opportunity to build your resume. They were very flexible working around my college schedule as long as it was within reason.
Great job if you love room for growth within the company
The pay is manageable, but the stress is worth more than the pay.
Quite the opportunity to advance and compensation is phenomenal.
Learned computer skills from fellow, younger employees.
You get a lot of amazon props for free.
Good pay, clean, and state of the art.
They will fly you out for the interview.
Benefits and starting pay
Move Fast Make an Impact Good Learning
innovation pace is the best part of working at Amazon
Great Benefits and Pay. Lots of overtime during peak.. Cant be the money
Lots of opportunities to transition horizontally.
Easy work for able bodied people
It’s a good place to start your career where you will gain exponential experience working projects and learning the business.
The only pros to working for Amazon was the pay rate.
The only pros to working for Amazon was the pay rate.
Good 2nd job, various shifts to choose from, good pay
relaxed atmosphere outside of peak times.
Stock prices jumped up in the recent years rapidly
Everyday is a new problem to solve, customer perspectives help you think like a customer making you a better architect.
Financial benefits and the community are awesome
Flexible, lots of time off, great medical
Guaranteed hours, decent pay, 3 days off, great health care
Good experience Good work Excellent benefits and pay
Great benefits, nice people to work with.
This is an amazing company to work for.
WORK CULTURE, FUN, good pay
great no complaints at all
Nice people Free Coffee Nice pay
They treat their engineers with respect, Pay them well, Give them plenty of freedom, First and foremost they care about their customers, they aren't obsessed with being the "cool" tech company.  Their only expectation is that you perform to the level to which you are compensated.
Cross-team collaboration Drive program to finish Provide insight on new innovation
Great company if you're looking for a place to move up the ranks. They higher from within so there is great opportunity for growth.
Financial benefits and the community are awesome
Nice start up and flexible work culture
Working alone. Get your route and drive without supervision
I have nothing good to say. It's like working as a robot in a factory.
Easy really liked it until my third day.
Getting in your car and going home.
Good money, if you want it.
Pay is great, benefits, you meet new people
Good Health and stock benefits
Good pay, good benefits, and nice break rooms.
The job is relatively simple, if not tedious Management is nice Weekly pay Usually listens to worker complaints/issues
You stay busy during shift
Repetitive work with your hands.
Pay is OK for part time work. 11pm till 3am shift is fine. All workers are part time. Associates and workers are very friendly and helpful. Mostly moving gaylords to the designated locations. But when that is done it's end of shift. I have yet to work my full 4 hour shift. Usually 3 hours or less. Great exercise. Lost 5 pounds walking mile and a half per shift.
Pay Well, Breaks, Flexible Hours
Nice staff and work hard plus better communication
Good atmosphere Opportunity for growth Considerate of workers Benefits
No drama. Great benefits. You control your destiny. Great company
The environment The opportunities Access to resources The pay Feedback oriented so it will always help you improve
Pay was ok but human resources department sucked.
job until things get better
-Decent pay for the job and my experience
Excellent people and environment to work with.
Work with some of the smartest people and get to focus on delivering great things for customers. Rapid pace is still there but especially in AWS we are a maturing software company and take the time to do things the right way. Management supports the developers that invent, find better ways of doing something and make the team better. Good culture on most AWS teams at least from my experience. People actually embrace the leadership principles in a good way, not just becuase they are there. If you need tools or resources you will get them. Hiring always a challenge in this market, but retention has been good on the teams I work with.
The work was easy, pay was good, we got a break.
Learning Enviroment on the job is great
Everything about it are the pros of the buisness. Amazon is a great place to work.
Super inventive, high speed, low drag environment, where autonomous and driven people can be very successful.
Good Platform to sell, to learn business.
1. Above average salary (at the expense of work/life balance, stress, and workload). 2. Sign on bonus - (*caution* you have to pay back if you leave the company under 2 years) 3. Relocation assistance - (*caution* you have to pay back if you leave the company under 2 years)
okay for students or anyone wanting earn cash
They have great stock options
Benefits Yearly bonuses Stock options Training opportunities
Amazon is a great company towards its customers--they genuinely believe in customer obsession
Smart engineers, technical challenges, good pay, high growth, amazing internal mobility
You will never be bored, you are unlikely to be the smartest person in the room
1)Very well manage environment. 2) leaders were very supportive. 3) They pay very well.
Pay is great and opportunities to meet new people.
great pay and benefits. positive environment
- High performance sales culture with smart co-workers - Best product + huge market = great sales potential (customers LOVE AWS) - Long term customer focus, even if it means sacrificing revenue in the short term. Rare to find in most sales cultures. Management actually encourage sales people to right-size/optimize customer usage of the platform. - Robust partner ecosystem to assist with deals
Never a bad day, I really enjoy coming to work each day
Smart knowledgeabke colleagues, interesting projects, compensation
* Opportunities to work on wide variety of areas * No dearth of encouragement or support * Good compensation, at par with market standards * Cordial work environment * Flexibility at work
Amazon is a great place to work if you truly buy into and practice the 14 leadership principles. The people here treat their business unit and customers like an owner of a small business would.
Anyone can have a good idea here that gets launched. I've worked for tech companies of a similar size to Amazon in the past, and I was relieved that the culture here, and the way success is defined, are merit-based as opposed to time-based. As a young person working here, I felt like the sky was the limit so long as I put the work in I could gain approval and resourcing to launch even my biggest ideas. This is a great place for curious people, and operates more like a collection of incubators than a corporation.
Works are exciting, all smart people around you, tons of opportunity to learn. Great pay in Seattle. People are nice and the company cares your future career.
This is the best job I've had in 25 years (yep, I'm that old). The culture is so strong, the company is well led, and my colleagues are leaning in to make this enterprise a success on a daily basis. Good comp, flexible work environment too
Team is supportive to get you up to the mark.
Can meet a lot of different people with diverse culture, and see the cooperation in diversity.
Never the same day twice. I love the opportunity for continual improvement.
Has decent overtime hours available
Best place to work and learn faster
Work is easy and pay is good.
Moves fast and get to learn a lot from awesome people
I can't think of one positive.
Growth and Opportunity. Scheduling (4 on 3 off), company has a mission to be the best at everything, support staff (HR, Facilities, Safety). Work is challenging and fast pace. Metric driven job.
Good Benefits Interesting Work Fast-paced Flexible days off Good co-workers
Highly depends on the team. Good management
Excellent benefits Great atmosphere Overall amazing job
Good benefits, discount, prizes, 4 day workweek
Well paid. Seattle was great in summer. Pretty flexible working style.
Good money if you don’t have a degree or any experience.
Ability to work independently on a day to day basis. Ability to work from home when necessary. Most co-workers were amazing. Ability to work on international projects. Salary was reasonable.
Ability to work independently on a day to day basis. Ability to work from home when necessary. Most co-workers were amazing. Ability to work on international projects. Salary was reasonable.
Big community and nice compensation.
good company to work for
You can work when you want.
People don't breathe down your neck constantly.
Pay check and benefits with vacation
Only stocks and the experience. You do a lot of things everyday that you'd do once in awhile in the traditional setting.
Decent pay. Good place if you prove yourself. Good experience from driving PIT.
You get all the hours you want, overtime
Flexible, pick your own shifts, a lot of walking.
Pay, benefits, perks, competitive environment and career progression.
Great benefits, but mediocre starting pay.
Working here is all about constant learning and constant growth
As a seasonal employee, there is slight coverage such as medical and sick leave. Coworkers are nice and helpful. Ambassadors are really helpful when you don’t know how to do a specific job because you are learning multiple key jobs as a warehouse associate. Pay rate is good, for the starting. Just gotta keep working hard and aim for management. You get what you put in overall. Try to take as much VET as possible and put in the effort because management looks at the work you put even when you don’t think so.
Its is one of the world best brand so it is like dream come true to be a member of amazon team and i will to give my best if i get a chance to be its member
Great pay and great benefits. Multiple shifts to choose from. Great training program. Contests and games to make the job more fun. Amazon offers a lot of perks and benefits .  The company truly cares about their employees and their families.
* Great benefits * Insanely intelligent people around you * Anything you can think of, Amazon is probably doing it * Fast paced work environment * New offices are extremely nice
Great pay, MANY shift options and the hours/shifts stay the same. You ick the schedule that works best for you!
Co-Workers,benefits,stock,random dumb gifts with Amazon branding.
Hours Pay Benefits are nice and helpful
Kiva Amnesty job was very cool
Great benefits Full Time No more pros
I haven’t come up with one.
A big and fast growing company.
Ownership and strong responsibility, interesting challenge
Worked in a great team and loved that I got almost 2 months of training. I felt prepared when I started taking calls from angry sellers. I was encouraged early on to apply for more leadership roles, however due to my moving to another city I did not take advantage of that.
Challenging  Career Growth Good Compensation scale Work friendly environment Learning
Good pay Cheap benefits Climate controlled environment
competitive work culture okay-ish pay compared to google, fb, tableau in the area
Benefits Pay Time off( vacation and PTO)
Least stressful job I ever had. Nice people to work with.
The pay is competitive with similar jobs in the area. The atmosphere is very positive! There is many opportunities for advancement!
Great pay, benefits, 401k, work from home, inspiring supportive people, internal mobility encouraged, amazing culture
Get to work at home have flexibility schedule
Better pay now since the minimum salary increased. You are able to use unpaid time off at your discretion. Training was from home and you work from home. They provide the equipment, laptop and headphones. The hours are mediocre.
Plenty of work. Many chances to change things.
Nice office space and some good workers.
Success is considered holistically, efficiency, adoption, retention, revenue, etc. Continually seeking improvement, raising the bar on deliverables and performance. High value on iteration and incremental improvements.
Ever changing environment and variety of coworkers
- Good people associates - Teamwork mentality - They have a calendar of free snacks or sweets. -
Leadership Experience Opportunity to do a project
Time goes by quickly in warehouse
Competitive Pay, Schedule (4 days on, 3 days off), BENEFITS are unbelievable (Doctors' offices are dumbfounded when they see my deductible)
Fast paced, fun, cutting edge work!
Easy hiring process, great benefits, great work environment
Great benefits,schedules and you have many opportunities to move up in the company.
compensation is decent, 4 day schedule (when you actually have it)
Work from home, flexible schedules
Growth structured environment, productive & functional
Good Comp, Challenging Work, Good Team support
Interesting and exciting work, easy to get things done.
there are a Breadth of opportunities
So much to learn all of the time, very fast paced, and given latitude to think on your feet.
Lots of opportunities to move up if your area has a lot of fulfillment centers opening up.
Learning all areas of operation.
Not as labor intensive as other departments. Leniency on TOT
- heavy stock bonuses but takes a long time to vest
Amazing, talented and passionate people to work with every day Awesome collaborative culture that is consistently welcoming Ambiguity is embraced and employees are encouraged to make their own decisions. I work remotely from home - no commute and no traffic!
Heaven for go getters. No bureaucracy, freedom to all aspect of work.
At the time, the job provided an income.
Some company benefits start at day 1
Pay Benefits PTO UPT Clean bathrooms and free tampons!
Amazon will push you like no other company. It's not just the velocity, but also the density - rigor, detail, thoroughness, follow up. I've never been this sharp, crisp, or quick on my feet. Moreover, I've never felt like my leadership has demanded anything unreasonable of me. The challenge is to ruthlessly prioritize and push back to ensure you have work-life balance. But this is achievable.
good pay with stock options
Same schedule every week. You can change it, if you want.
If you like to be challenged daily and work in an environment where there is no "guidebook" - Amazon is for you.
Benefits were good for new parents
Fast paced and fellow employees are great.
Benefits are better than most companies, 11$/hr during training, 1 hour lunch, game room (site specific), lots of free food is given throughout the year, lot of chances for OT
The pay was really good.
Lots of resources and autonomy if you're in a good group.
Paid time off, Vaction, And Unpaid Time , Stocks
Easy going, nice culture, flexibility, discounts
Simple work, easy money, good people
Great co workers. Innovative Plenty of opportunities for advancement
- Motivated employees - Driven management - Minimal Red Tape and strong bias for action - Great quality gates and structure in place to ensure quality is not compromised for speed - Customer Obsession is very strong at every level - Feel a great sense of pride and accomplishment for the work you do - Management focuses on getting work done not on actual time spent at work - Management rewards high performers
Vibrant culture, energetic, intensely customer obsessed, GREAT people
People move around teams fairly often and you can do so too. This will help you learn more skills and expose yourself to new tech/biz dynamics
Good Benefits and keeps your busy
The hours are flexible, the managers are hands-on.
Great work environment, thorough training, and friendly and competent management members.
You will be trained well in every aspect of the job. The staff are professionals.
learn a lot, great team spirit, very smart people
Friendly environment great pay and lots of ot
Pay is pretty good here
Nationwide Recognition for growth in industry.
Good pay, and stocks are on the sky
Good salary, Young people also
Good pay! Amazing people! Room for growth
Fun, cool coworkers, 4 hour shifts, relaxed
Good pay for a small part of your day.
Great benefits, great environment, wonderful community.
Benefits and Pay is great
Flexable time, great for college part time
You can work overtime and get insurance day1.
Learning new skills and meeting new people along the way.
It's good money if you like always switching managers make Amazon your last resort to work for they don't care about good employees
You can choose to work full, part-time, or 15 hs a week, day or night shift.
Amazing benefits for medical/ dental
Awesome office, good compensation, decent pto.
Amazon is a large enough company that I'm sure there are good pockets and bad pockets. Everyone here is really smart, and wants to succeed both personally, and as a company.
Learn a lot from many smart people. People are in general helpful.
Great pay, easy work, good people to work with
Work from home, pay, benefits, employee discount
Amazon recognizes the contributions of it's employees, and offers tremendous growth opportunities for Top performers. I have been fortunate to be surrounded by an amazing team and strong leaders, enabling me to promote 3 times in four years, and branch out from an Operations Leadership Track to a Business Intelligence Support Track with no issue. I've also come to know several Tier 1 associates who have also grown substantially in their career to become operations leaders.  I've also been humbled by Amazon's Think Big Program, and how open leadership is to new ideas. I'm proud to have been part of the launch of Prime Now, and to have submitted the idea of Release Night Delivery which leveraged the Prime Now platform to deliver Call of Duty Black Ops 2, and the newest Harry Potter Book, among others.
Great benefits. Great colleagues
Decent pay and stock options.
Great company with some good benefits. Tech promos extremely difficult.
- Work on projects and features truly delight customers - Fast pace innovation
Good environment , safe, nice management
$15 an hour isn't terrible for part-time work.
Unmatched benefits and flexible schedule options
Good pay, fair and nice supervisors
Looks great on a resume. And mobility to move around the country.
High standards, excellent team members, the company lives by its leadership principles.
Unlimited resources for learning. Very open to diversity and does not tolerate discrimination at any setting.
simple work decent pay vet opportunity
Big company, every intern gets their own mentor.
Lots of Hours, competitive pay and nice managers
The pay went up and schedule is great
Great place to learn and grow as a junior developer!
I heard amazon is doing lot of hiring for data entry work at home jobs. Just what I'm looking for right now. And to work my own part time hours.
Pay was good. Flexible hours
Great flexibility, easy job, sometimes there’s down time so you get to relax a bit before the next order comes in
salary and benefits are good
at face value the starting pay is great and you can pick your hours/days, shift goes by fairly quickly if you are a stower, you have the option of never interacting with your co- workers so there is very little drama
Salary, stock and bonuses are great as long as you are ready to be stressed all the time
People are nice and the dress code is pretty comfortable
High salary and short work hours.
Peak season hire. Extra money
Easy and fast process with no errors
Smart people. Challenging. Not bad hours.
Good initial work environment New experiences Easy to learn system of things
Salary, Team spirit, Great Benefits, easy commute
Good pay, benefits, and time off options.
Long hours, clean desk with own headset
Great Benefits and oppurtunites to grow within
If lucky you can get maximum 14 hours a week to work
Pay is right, benefits for seasonal employees.
Salary, stock and bonuses are great as long as you are ready to be stressed all the time
Pay, Benefits, Paid time off and un paid time off
Leadership Principles Variety of projects Efficient processes Few meetings Large Scale
a big pro is the pay
Pay has increased, make lots of friends
pay is great. room to grow is there as well
Great pay and lots of opportunities
Lots of people to meet
Amazing place to work
- Work-life balance isn't as bad as critics say. It depends where you land. Know that it's *your* responsibility to find the right team and switch teams if necessary. - Really interesting projects: experimental "moonshots" and apps with billions in revenue. Millions of people will benefit from your code. You can easily move among teams to gain varied experience. - Smart co-workers. You will learn a ton. - With Amazon on your resumé, you can get an interview with pretty much any other company - There is a new front-end engineer (FEE) role aimed at modernizing front-end development at Amazon. The WDE role is being phased out. It is VITAL that you apply for FEE and not WDE. Do not accept a WDE offer because it comes with significantly lower comp., and it is being phased out.
Close to home, good training team, sometimes free pizza
Opportunity to run a warehouse at one of the most successful e-commerce companies Fast growth and learning (especially for college hires) Decent money for college hires ~60k entry, 70k after 1 year
Amazon customers are absolutely amazing!
It’s a job and doesn’t take much Brian work
good pay day 1 benefits four day work week
The benefits are great and the people you meet there are awesome.
$15.00 starting in November + .50 nite differential.
Amazon has awesome benefits inexpensive health coverage
Options for extra hours regularly
Good work, growth, salary, lean organizational culture
Great benefits and motivated supervisors
No pros other than it is a job
Cool projects, smart people, big brand name
Flexibility of schedule, you pick when you work
The pay and management helps
Great learning opportunities, flexible schedule, wonderful colleagues
It was a great experience and they always treat their interns well
Fast paced company, great benefits, great compensation, always challenging
Great experience so far. The people have been amazing and my team is very supportive.
Amazingly insane and intensive environment, fast paced with cutting edge and bleeding edge latest technologies, most of those truly game changing.  I have been with AWS as a Sr Data Architect, Big Data, IoT, AI and Analytics for 7 months. Every hour of those 7 months at work and off work while learning or training has been a privilege. For months after joining Amazon, I wondered how come comes a week-end after Friday? There is so much to learn and so little time, you feel like standing in front of the ocean all the time, and wonder how would you ever be able to swim through the vastness..  All the leadership principles of Amazon, 'Customer Obsession, Working Backwards, Frugality, Work Hard- Make History- Have Fun, Raising the Bar with every new hire, Invent and Simplify, Bias for Action, Insist on Highest Standards, Leads are Right a Lot, Vocally Self Critical, Ownership (no such thing as That's not my job), Think Big, Have Backbone-Disagree and Commit, Deliver Results, Earn Trust of Others and Your Customer, Dive Deep...  All practiced in real time, in my past 7 months here at Amazon.  Have been in the industry for 18 years, have been privileged to work with the best and the brightest all over the US. But Amazon is above all and by far the best place to learn, work and contribute. It changes you as a person, fundamentally. When you practice these principles day in and day out, your perspective in life completely transforms.  Above all, I feel extremely humbled with every passing day to have the opportunity to work for Amazon.
great peers but no pide or arrogance
Work culture Type of problems you get to solve Scale is truly astronomical People are the smartest of the bunch
Nice working conditions, our work station is in a corner of a Whole Foods and it's clean. People are nice. 10% discount online. Decent wage of $15 USD and a somewhat flexible* schedule.
Benefit package is outstanding! Very affordable.
Perks, benefits, I mean come on, it's Amazon!
Flexible hours, helpful management and staff, open to listening to and taking their employees thoughts, ideas and concerns regarding overall organizational improvement into consideration.
Good pay Amazing and cheap benefits bonuses stock RSU
The RSUs are very attractive and definitely encourage you to stay four years. You get a lot of autonomy and your success depends on how much work you put in rather than others. I also think that the Account Management team is one of the better teams within Amazon. Although not encouraged, teams often find creative ways to reduce the stress from allowing pets to free coffee to at times providing free food and happy hours.
The owner is very good.and, very supportive.
Fast-paced environment Always new ideas/ projects
You really get to own things! Really fluid to move around internally Great focus on development/training/conferences Never boring/fast-pace Great colleagues
Work Hard, have fun and make history
Loved the people and the atmosphere
Lots of overtime opportunities available
Amazon is growing all the time you don’t have to worry about them shutting down anytime soon.
Flexibility of schedule, you pick when you work
Salary was good and benefits were decent
Freedom to take your ideas from inception to execution. Not confined by roles/titles. Very bottom-up culture with decisions driven from recommendations collected from team members. Ever dreamt of running your own business without worrying about funding yourself? - Amazon can offer you that kind of freedom if you manage to convince others with your ideas. You are surrounded by really smart and really nice (most) people that you can learn from.
The scale and impact of your work is amazing, people are incredibly intelligent, and you will never be bored. Finding another company with so much opportunity in terms of learning, impact and variety of work will be very difficult.
You make easy money, paid training included.
Learn a lot about the company, great opportunities for growth, and travel
They try to make it a positive environment. You meet a lot of cool different types of people. They gave me a lot of opportunities. I started at stow. I am now usually problem solving and water spidering everyday, and hardly ever stow. Ive also done receiving. Problem solving job is nice because you use youre brain, it's not as hard on your body as water spidering and not as boring as stow. Problem solving is a lot to take in at first but afterwards its nice.
Amazing ownership of the entire stack
Really appreciated the strong focus on the leadership principles. People actually lived them, which was very helpful for decision making in ambiguous situations.
Competitive compensation, great benefits, fast-paced work environment, intellectually stimulating workplace with some seriously smart people.
Pay was good, benefits excellent. Made a few friends.
Great people, wonderful vision from the top of the company.
Money, benefits, nice job if you need one.
Great managers and company culture.
Great pay, great for first job seekers
Smart people and unique problems
Pay is great in NJ
pay increase and benefits. a chance to further your education or get a skilled trade.
People, Ownership culture, Impact, Stock growth.
Fast-paced workplace, hard work gets rewarded, and recognized. Plenty of work opportunities with VET (Voluntary Extra Time). After you obtain your blue-badge (~3 months of work, apply for it), you get unpaid time off as opposed to attendance points.
They are willing to give responsibility to basically anyone that shows the willingness to do what's needed.
Excellent work culture and people. Lots of opportunities to learn and enhance your skills
challenges are everyday life, so it is a good place to sharp yourself up
Input is desired. Continuous change for the sake of improvement is constant, and mandatory. Great ideas, and the support to implement them, come from every level. You are rarely if ever denied the tools, training, or support to improve the experience for a customer. You can start anywhere and your skills are noticed if you are dedicated, tenacious, and persistent. Talent is recognized. Hard work, and smart work, is rewarded. Working amidst great minds is the norm.
Great, sharp, smart people - most of whom are willing to be helpful, have energy, work hard and are full of team spirit.
I can't think of any at this time. The co-workers are good.
Company growth and stock options
--Great culture is pervasive in each of the three teams I've worked in --Can go to ANY team any time with a simple process, can work internationally - a great opportunity to be leveraged like a career platform for growth --Work is fascinating depending on what team you're with --Opportunities to improve and build new things - highly encouraged in this culture --Most people are pretty interesting and humble, not a lot of arrogance
Affordable healthcare, 401k match, great time off
The pay is great for those with no college education
Competitive Pay and Beneifits are generous
Good benefits, salary, safety enviroment
Benefits package is good. Good mobility upwards
I started at Amazon as a skeptic, but 2.5 years in now, I'm a full convert. Amazon is full of opportunities both in terms of career growth and business impact. It's also a company chock full of talented people who will challenge you and help you to become a better version of yourself. I am happy to be part of such an innovative and fast moving company and look forward to contributing for years to come.
The strongest survive and shine
Lots of opportunities for mobility
Growth, expansion, upward mobility, incredible opportunities, work anywhere in the world, and the most money I have ever made as an industrial maintenance technician.
Good pay and benefits
Good work life balance if you get good customers, flexible schedule. Opportunities to learn and get certified.
Always learning, innovating pay is great
Love my job! Love Amazons culture of innovation
Pretty set schedule sun-wed Thursday being overtime day
4 day work week (5 during peak season), relaxed dress code.
Fair work hours. The job isn’t too difficult.
Affordable healthcare, 401k match, great time off
Remote work options Competitive compensation Challenging work
Wages just increased Pick your own schedule
Because of the innovative strategies and great ways to keep customers coming back
The pay is up to $15
The only thing I can think of would be the health benefits are actually affordable
Quick to bait people at job fairs
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Brand recognition on your resume.
Scheduling - can pick shifts
The benefits are great and great family /work balance
Great learning experiences High growth company
Meeting new people everyday day
New base pay of $15. Friendly people. Good benefits. Helps me stay fit and active.
Smart people. Day 1 attitude. Fast pace, risk taking, customer obsession, corporate spaces are cush and modern. Seattle is a fun town.
Innovative, flat, global, inclusive, and technical in all job families.
It is a very fair company you get back what you put in. Easy to prompt. Great Stock options. Benefits day1 Amazing coworkers
Absolute ownership by everyone, regardless of position. Management has some of the smartest people employed I've ever met. If you are a hard worker, expect to earn more and more while getting promoted.
I love the team I work with. I received amazing training and great support.
Stocks vcp. Great environment. Diversity
Work with amazon and make money
none, none, none, none, and none
This was by far my favorite job I ever had. I only left because I couldn't take the commute, and that's Seattle's fault, not Amazon. I felt like a valued member of my team, I was trusted to work autonomously, and set my own schedule, as long as the job got done. You're surrounded by some of the most ambitious and smartest people in the world, and everyone is working toward the same goal. I left on great terms, and it's great o know I have made lasting connections there. The EA community is the best I've ever worked with, and I loved my directors and VP. I always made it point to interact and be nice to the support staff (receptionists, security, janitors, etc.) because while they work on campus, they aren't employed by Amazon directly and don't get the fun perks. And dogs are super cool!
This was by far my favorite job I ever had. I only left because I couldn't take the commute, and that's Seattle's fault, not Amazon. I felt like a valued member of my team, I was trusted to work autonomously, and set my own schedule, as long as the job got done. You're surrounded by some of the most ambitious and smartest people in the world, and everyone is working toward the same goal. I left on great terms, and it's great o know I have made lasting connections there. The EA community is the best I've ever worked with, and I loved my directors and VP. I always made it point to interact and be nice to the support staff (receptionists, security, janitors, etc.) because while they work on campus, they aren't employed by Amazon directly and don't get the fun perks. And dogs are super cool!
Great benefits, good people
Work is easy to do
Job security. Overtime if you want it.
benefits are nice, a lot of discounts too
The company pays out weekly
Amazon is a great company to work for. You will be able to change the world and constantly work on cutting-edge technology building great systems that are important to customers.
Will experience good Work Life Balance
Cutting edge technology and innovation opportunities
regular part time pay flexible hours
Rapid growth, good culture in most buildings.
Breaks and lunches were consistent.
Extremely high caliber teammates. Leadership principles are real and feel good to practice.
I've been at Amazon for almost six months and when I tell people they ask me about the horror stories they have read or heard about internal challenges and people crying. I personally have not experienced any of that nor have I seen or heard anything either, I’m sure that there are good and bad teams or managers, but I have not seen it.  What I have seen is that everyone here is really smart and wants you to succeed in your role and as a company overall. AWS provides the tools and training to help you become successful. It is up to you to apply what you learn and already know to solve the problems discovered in talking with the Customer.  The collaboration individually as well as part of a team is like nothing I’ve experienced. People genuinely want to help each other out and focus on the Customer, their issues we are working (backwards) to solve.  In today’s world, we always hear about how important the Customer is, but at AWS it occurs every day and is not just some marketing tag line. Sitting in a meeting with CxO’s and hearing first hand how truly focused we are on them (the Customer) really instills trust and a long-term relationship. To me working here is AWSome and everyday I come into work ready to take on the next challenge.  If you are looking for a company where you are challenged daily and love to learn, then you will not go wrong in accepting a role with AWS. There is literally unlimited opportunities to learn, grow and take on new responsibilities.  You are the only limitation in where you want to grow and become AWSome.
Extremely comprehensive training process, great compensation, ability to think freely, flexible work environment
Lots of opportunity to learn and grow! EAs are treated as business partners more so than assistants.
Ability to have global impact 2-way doors Business agility and speed Company really lives by Leadership Principles
A huge canvas for your career at every level. The limits to your opportunities are your own ambition. Well known company with the resources to back it's strategies. Socially conscious and environmentally responsible.
Rewarding, Interesting, Challenging, Impactful, Fast Paced
Finally have great pay. Medical, dental, and vision are great.
Informational training was beneficial. Working at home was a plus.
The pay and benefits are great! Overtime offered almost every week.
Fun environment and friendly people
Work hours at your convenience
Benefits, Opportunities for advancement, stock
There are great benefits working for Amazon.
decent pay with good benefits good management
Friendly management, awesome benefits and safety team cares. I got injured last week and without hesitation, Michael Gray and the team took very good care of me. The process was smooth and I feel so much better mentally and physically. It makes a difference when the company cares about the employees safety.
Pay, leadership opportunities, ability to re-locate
Only work two days a week. Easy job for good pay.
* Some of the smartest people I've ever worked with and probably will ever work with * The opportunity to work with big budgets and the newest and coolest technologies * Really fun products to work on, if you get on the right team
Discount and cool coworkers because most of them were college students
hourly pay is awesome @$15 an hour. Decent environment
Great projects to work on. A lot of teams to choose.
Many opportunities to try things, great access to data if that’s your thing.
Great place to work Excellent culture
Easy job, part time 4-5 hrs at Sort Center
Ive never worked in a place in which they treat you with such respect as a person and a female. At my previous jobs being a woman in the work force was tough so i was nervous to start here but ive never felt so comfortable in a job. They treat you with great respect and care about your well being too. Everyone works as a team and is willing to sacrifice their time to help you succeed too. They dont care about your race, background, whether youre male or female, if you work hard, you will move up fast. I 100% want to retire with this company.
Strongly culture-driven company Tons of opportunities to learn and grow Really smart, talented and driven co-workers Stock is sky rocketing, and for good reasons
Big company, tools that scale.
Surrounded by a lot of smart people.
I enjoy working here it's fun.
Great place to learn for new graduates.
It's a great place to work.
Good technical problems to solve. Stock Price has grown well so equity grants are doing very well.
Good healthcare plan, can bring a dog to work, drinking at work is not only tolerated but encouraged.
Easy hire, takes a few weeks
It's laid back. Managers aren't looking over your shoulder. You clock in, have a 3-5 minute start-up meeting and then you're left alone to work. You shouldn't have any problems making your numbers if you work at a steady pace. And let's face it, Amazon continues to stay ahead of the competition. Amazon is a great company to move up in and the opportunities are there.
Great work environment and coworkers!
Great Company Benefits Competitive Pay Associates Voice Matters Ample Opportunity for Career Growth Stocks on Day 1
Fast paced environment, incredible growth potential. The company is always growing and can’t fill positions fast enough.
Competitive pay and good benefits
Pretty easy job, self explanatory.
Schedule people time pay and hire.
As with most companies, it's the people you work with that make all the difference. With the exception of a few bad apples, working here is great! The culture at AWS is fantastic for moderate to over achievers, and opportunities to grow are moderately available. People are a pleasure to be around.
Flexible hours and they worked with your hours
great resources to learn from
amazon wants to pay you
Team environment, great management, self reliant, competitive pay.
The money is good here
Best company to work for
The flexibility in schedule, friendly environment, and lots of exercise.
Pay and benefits were great.
Amazon, is one of the few companies that walk the talk. The 14 leadership principles are key to your career at Amazon. I have been here only for a few months. But I have seen plenty of opportunities for learning and growth. If you are a go getter and believe in the leadership principles, the sky is the limit for growth. As a solutions architect, my job is very challenging (which I love), you get 100% job satisfaction. There is good work life balance. Flexible hours or work from home though depend on manager's discretion, are frequently approved. New hires are given 2-3 months on boarding time to let them settle in. Most managers allow this to ensure you have all the tools, understand the company and the team.
The pros to working at Amazon Web Services are that you: * Feel like you can make a difference for customers * OWN your deliverables and are encouraged to question whether a feature is best for the customer * Work with brilliant, driven, customer-centric people * Have the ability to work from home regularly * Generally work about 40-45 hours/week, even on salary (some exceptions, like re:Invent) * Pay is good, but time off is below the industry average * Stock has done very well, so stock bonues are great * Will get lots of help because EVERYONE is willing to lend a hand, as long as you're doing the best thing for the customer * Should have a good mentor to guide you in your new position * End-of-year review process is now transparent  NOTES: Ignore the older comments about the stack ranking. That ended in 2016. Also ignore the "C-list" review. We are constantly raising the bar with our hiring processes. At best, that person had a terrible manager. At worst, they're just lying. And the people blaming Bezos for their personal failures are just unable to take responsiblity for their own careers. Bezos has little to no effect on most of our jobs. It's your manager and their manager that matter most.
Benefits, pay, time off, leaves, stocks
Environment is very energetic with positive vibes
The name adds to your resume, Kind of Work you do everyday,Pay
RTS Shift 5-10 PM is the most chill shift I have ever worked. So much better than the night time shift. Don't work night time if you can!  I love my bosses and my co workers. They are easy going!
Lots of opportunity. Easy to transfer between teams.
Money, some benefits, not much else
If you're desprate to work, and happen to have felonies, bad DMV, or whatever. They will hire you. Good luck.....
Amazon, is one of the few companies that walk the talk. The 14 leadership principles are key to your career at Amazon. I have been here only for a few months. But I have seen plenty of opportunities for learning and growth. If you are a go getter and believe in the leadership principles, the sky is the limit for growth. As a solutions architect, my job is very challenging (which I love), you get 100% job satisfaction. There is good work life balance. Flexible hours or work from home though depend on manager's discretion, are frequently approved. New hires are given 2-3 months on boarding time to let them settle in. Most managers allow this to ensure you have all the tools, understand the company and the team.
Career expansion and opportunities, very easy to stay put Pitt move around, whatever you want to do
Excellent and Immediate Insurance  Generous Breaks and Lunches
Benefits , Salary, Pays for 95% tuition for School
Good pay, ability to sign up for time off in 30 minute increments in case of emergency or sickness
Best place to work
they are always concerned about your safety. Had training videos before I even got in their vans
IDK $15.50 per hour plus OT and differential on weekends
Growing rapidly, Lots of opportunities
Gain a ton of information on shopping behavior and digital advertising.
Upbeat employees, fast paced
Nice place to work and learned a lot.
Get to meet new people and get a discount
Good work environment Lot of opportunities to learn
Great benefits lots of time off
The pay is great and the culture is awesome
Work/life balance, team setting
benefits weren't too bad considering
Balanced hours Fair pay Co workers are supportive Outings
Fast paced, Good pay, friendly, Good referrence
I really love the technologies and the products that the company is coming up with. There is lot of room for growth and learning technology-wise. Great leadership principles, where customers are always valued so much and it shows in every product we develop. Love the office-space and the facilities here.
The culture is very flexible and enjoyable. You get to meet a lot of interesting people and learn about core operations.
Amazon approaches everything with a long game mentality that lets you know they take games seriously and are in it to win.
Great pay- room for advancement
Pay, stable, growth opp, vaca
Large company with many opportunities to explore your interests. You have the freedom to pursue projects you identify as long as you communicate your plans to management. The workforce is very diverse, which leads to a great pool of talent to learn from.
Smart peers, ambiguous environment, customer focus, requirement for all levels to get in the details, fast paced, constantly evolving culture (for the better), opportunity to work in many different roles/industries without changing employers, open and communicative culture
Very exciting place to work. Lots of innovation, growth. Professionally engaging and great team environment.
Fun, flexible work. Great people to work with. No timecard. Great pay. Lots of time off. No one but you sets your work/life balance.
1. Provide you the platform to innovate. 2. Still startup culture that allows you to innovate. 3. Pressure to innovate but not to keep doing manual tasks. 4. Work hour flexibility.
Excellent health benefits, good pay. Work hard and your rewarded.
Great employees, networking. Working at amazon will challenge you. Management so far has been great. Team is great
Got to work with latest technology/tools and most talented people in the industry.
Good company with challenging problems
Maybe the okay reason to work at Amazon is their benefits
$15/hr is not all that bad for a warehouse position however the monthly bonuses being cut is something that I will miss.
Good Package. Good environment. Good team. Good top.
I started in Allen loctaion as a Job Shopper .its a good experience.in this job you shop for other.we have been assigned iphone and they have order and randomly orders will be assign to us and we will start shopping and complete the order.
You can work from home
Plenty of hours to work. Make a ton of money.
You get to meet new employees every week.
Flexible Part time hours if you need extra money.
Amazing technology, tons of things to learn
Great benefits great people
Great work culture at Amazon
Full Time, Work From Home Comprehensive Benefits Reasonable Hours of Operation to choose your shift in.
If you want to grow, learn and be pushed to be better this is a great place!
Great work environment, laid back, but on task and hard working.
Less manual work More of a teacher
Decent Pay, Comfortable break room, decent training. Manages were wonderful
Set schedule. Flexible and fun environment at times
Friendly environment and opportunities for over-time.
Competitive pay and stock that vest sooner. Working with a diverse group of people. Associates will treat you well if you treat them well. You can have a life if you set boundaries. Lots of room for growth.
Simple job for decent pay, not much expected and not much to be expected.
The sortation center I work at is nothing like the media says it is. It's part time and there's room for promotion if you're willing to work hard.
I am an Amazonian and love it. I’ve learned more in 3 years here than I did in my previous 10 and am doing big things. Working at Amazon, you make customers happy, have full ownership over the initiative that you’re working, and a lot of resources and support to back you up. Work for Amazon if you want to do big things
Fast-paced. Flat organization with high autonomy. Ability to start and contribute to exciting and high-impact projects. Results-oriented. Test and Learn Environment. Innovative. High-Caliber colleagues. Not particularly political.
Amazon is a company where invention is continuously encouraged and career growth opportunity is endless.
Lots of fresh air, open office space and great snacks.
"Working three days a week" (Working more than that would make me slit my wrists
Good work environment, good people, responsive
Benefits, Pay, Stocks, relocation assistance
- You will learn a lot in a short amount of time - Everyone there is smart and offers diverse perspectives to draw from
Safety Culture, Leadership, Management, Work days
Work is not difficult. Lots of opportunity to interact sociably with coworkers. Good mood.
Starting salary and comp package
Same schedule every week. VTO outside of peak season
Good work environment. Opportunity for advancement. Good benefits.
Being in a social environment!
The pay is descent overall
Ability to get overtime pay
Great place to work
Travel, innovation, company stock, smart people
Flexible schedule and decent pay for part-time job.
Working from home. Great colleagues. Helping make Alexa smarter. All I can say.
Set your own schedule. Have some control of the day to day business operations.
Benefits, pay, hours, overtime
Made some great friends there
Gained amazing leadership experience and expanded my professional skills dramatically. Great benefits and time off. Great culture
Great company, good benefits, lots of opportunities to advance or change careers or locations, offers challenges and ability to try a variety of solutions.
Good working conditions. Good people. Nice facility. Good benefits.
Learning opportunities Working with smart people Good salary Stock options
Benefits . ten hour bays
Benefits, sweat, competition, overtime, sometimes fun, 3 days off.
Great co-workers, friendly atmosphere, Lots of room for advancement
Great benefits and flexible schedule.
Good benefits, fast work, easy work
Great work environment, great peers, challenging work, stocks
The Benefits are really good
Cool product, smart people to work with
Multiple shifts, the pay is ok but definitely feel it should be more Multiple locations Coworker Are helpful
Room for advancement and friendly environment
Good benefits nice people free coffee
Great culture & Fantastic People
It amazed me to see such a large company giving their employees major benefits from day one. From what I have seen, management is amazing. They support teamwork and try to encourage employees rather than treating us like a number, which others have claimed in their reviews. I see it as a good place to work and I am glad for the opportunity. I consider Amazon to be a wonderful employer that provides so many benefits that most other employers would not even consider. I am going to stick with it, because it is refreshing to feel appreciation through the many ways Amazon takes care of it's employees.
The money The benefits Pretty safe Fast paced
My skills, network, career and compensation have never stopped growing at Amazon. I’ve achieved great work-life harmony.
The only pro is that you do not have to deal with a boss thru out the day and you can listen to music
Great opportunity to build skills and experience.
Moves fast, interesting problems, commensurate pay
Great team, smart people, lots of experience in many areas quickly. Good perks for full time staff.
Fairly independent, management not really all over you.
I loved working at Amazon because of the environment. They are proud of their company and push everyone to meet goals. There are also great opportunities for one to grow.
Free tuition (associates) New Pay Raise
-Learning new things everyday -Leadership is always there to help, is friendly, encouraging, and wants to see you succeed. -pay is good for a Work From Home position -Amazon sends all the equipment and training needed to effectively carry out your job -fun and lively atmosphere to work in -receives recognition for your work on a constant basis -able to proceed up through the company internally -peers are always available to help when needed. - will work with disabled, and people attending school to succeed - great benefits and bonus's -creatively able to troubleshoot and handle problems that are faced by customer. I love my job at Amazon!!! I was a quality engineer for 22 years and went into early retirement. I got bored and decided to apply. I'm so happy I did! This is one of the most fun and gratifying positions that I ever had.
Benefits, wage, break room, time off
- fast passed company - high emphasis on culture - extremely intelligent co-workers - work life balance possible
Nice people there at alazob
Great team and awesome benefits. A lot of ambiguity and fast paced environment.
Work ethics Strong leadership principles Great pay Data driven and not driven by percentions Can move to any team and any domain within Amazon International exposure, can move internally to any country anywhere Amazon has an office
Whole foods grocery store is clean, nice to work in and for.
Straightforward, 4 hour shifts, 24 hours.
Great work atmosphere, good culture.
No interview, cheap benefits, lots of time off, decent pay.
Very Rewarding Fast and Furious Lots of learning Job Satisfaction Stocks :) No Power-points
Great work culture Growth is encouraged Dog friendly offices Fun place to work Flexible hours
Super-cool projects, extremely customer focused, tons of great talent.
- This is the first time in my career when I'm surrounded with nothing but incredibly smart and focused individuals. - Compensation is well beyond my expectations, and more than suitable. - Exciting projects all across the company that keep you interested and focused. - Ability to reach customers all across the world with unbelievable new technologies. - Ability to focus on the customer without worrying about what the other companies in the same field are doing. - Company not worried about failing, know that you can learn from your mistakes and still come out on top.
- The Pay rate - The People - Dogs - Downtown Seattle - SO MANY Company events that are helpful and also fun
There are so many opportunities and they have set up the work environment to help you find the best fit possible. My first team was a good fit, but my next team is an awesome fit for me. You are encouraged to grow professionally and personally. Work/Life balance is a focus. I don't feel the need to work 100+ hours a week. There are those who do so, but they do so voluntarily. I have not received pressure to do so. I love my job!
Fast paced, long term driven, customer obsessed. Very smart people.
great company helps people get a job not a long process to get a job
Great people, challenging projects, fast-paced environment.
The work isn't bad, sorting the packages for all of long island. Getting the trucks together at the end of shift was a little fun.
Pay is okay, benefits not bad, easy to get hired
Great culture, interesting work, located on major commuter transit lines.
Good part is that you are paid weekly Time goes by quickly in work
Flexible staff. Fluid workflow.
Part time and benefits
Good Pay and a lot of challenge work
Great stock, benefits, and great schedule. Always growing, full of great minds.
Amazon provides really good Benefits
Potential to learn a great deal about the operations of one of the largest companies in the world. Some great people to work with, although your mileage may vary.
Good pay, good co-workers. Nice overtime during peak
Restricted Stock Units and Thanksgiving Meal
High pay, consistent work and income.
Strong Autonomy within your role. Amazing team members
Very Rewarding Fast and Furious Lots of learning Job Satisfaction Stocks :) No Power-points
Benefits are really good, meet nice people
Vending machines in the break rooms Great culture with lots of interesting people
The environment. Work Hard, Have Fun, & Make History is more than words, it's a mantra that is upheld every minute of every day.
Always busy and learning, and never bored
Pay is good ... as stock keeps growing
Stocks, pay is decent, good experience for development
Customer focus and high salaries
the pay of course if you’re looking for something temporary
The first place I've worked at. Great team, seniors encourage learning and there's plenty of guidance. You're never kept idle because there's so much happening.
Pay well and the assistant manager is nice
Pay well and the assistant manager is nice
No reward endless slavery you are a number
Stable shift and hours. Over time. Good pay
The best environment to advance in your career.
Weekly pay Easy job Cool staff
simple work, opportunities to be promoted
Great dental & vision plans After 30 days you get 5 days off every 3 months to use whenever you want, they stack up to 20 days. Short shifts Some of the managers or PAs are fine.
Good pay and benefits plus 3 days off
Best and brightest people to work with
Shopping at Whole Foods in Rochester. Nice atmosphere, other employees for Amazon and Whole Foods are nice. Low pressure job, no micromanaging. You are guaranteed paid training, 3 days training plus 2 hours at home online paid training. You are guaranteed 1 shift to work because during the training they show you how, and have you go online and choose your first shift.
I had heard all the hype about Amazon being a 'burn 'n churn' environment where people only lasted 2 years at most. I was told that Amazon would take every moment of my life and use me up. NOT TRUE! The majority of my teammates have been with Amazon over that 2-year mark. I have found the environment encouraging and everyone has gone out of their way to help me ramp up and do great work.
Highly agile, very smart coworkers, truly customer centric, no nonsense, learn from best
-- Fast growing -- Work with talents -- Learning towards action, easy to get things done
Opportunity to move between roles easily
Very good Business ownership for ic
Good Benefits, Flexible schedules and great time off package
Benefits, amount of steps a day
Ability to get ideas heard
Great place to start and learn
Optional overtime Easy job Stocks 4 day work week
I work in AWS, and this is a place where you can grow tremendously, contingent you put in the work that is demanded of you. You will learn a LOT:  1) Customer engagement (obsession). 2) Gathering pertinent requirements. 3) Translating requirements into actionable milestones for engineering. 4) Collaborating with engineering to ship a product/service or feature. 5) Constantly measure and analyze your product/service for business success. 6) Dive deeply into customer feedback about areas of improvement. 7) Write thorough documents defining roadmap, business logic, and financial viability for product/service. 8) Take product from concept to launch, operationalize, and localize your service for international deployment and new market entry. 9) Cross-collaborate with marketing, finance, account management, business development, engineering, PR, and legal on a regular basis. 9) Run your own product/service as if you were the CEO who owns the business.  If you work super hard, you end up realizing every moment you spend is an investment in your own skills and capabilities, even if it is occasionally overwhelming and brutal to be a PM on a high-exposure product/service.
I joined AWS 3 months ago. Nothing but good things to say about the company. Coming from 25 years of experience in corporate world (Wallstreet, Retail, Business Consulting) Amazon is the place to be.  Customer is always at the forefront of the business. Working backwards works, those concepts stimulate the culture in a unique, very appealing, way.
Perks, medical, dental, vision, raffles.
They payed for my metro card
-long weekends -benefits from day one
I had heard all the hype about Amazon being a 'burn 'n churn' environment where people only lasted 2 years at most. I was told that Amazon would take every moment of my life and use me up. NOT TRUE! The majority of my teammates have been with Amazon over that 2-year mark. I have found the environment encouraging and everyone has gone out of their way to help me ramp up and do great work.
Highly agile, very smart coworkers, truly customer centric, no nonsense, learn from best
Unlimited potential for hard work and long hours. Can not beat RSU option.
If you are a hard worker you can move up the ladder very quickly.
You will get the opportunity to work on projects with great impact.
Benefits, salary, bonus, stock, travel
Great work out and fun work environment.
Pick your own schedule. Easy work
Plenty of time off
good work in cutting tech
One of the employees friendly company
The people. I made some great friends at Amazon. Mostly bonding over how messed up the place is. Don’t be fooled. The NY Times article is spot on.
Stock benefit, 401K, good health insurance, VCP pay, 4 day workweek.
The company has great benefits and great stock options
You will be well paid and rewarded with a lot of stock that could be very valuable if you stay 4 years. If this is your first job out of college and you are willing to work 60-80hrs to week, you will get something out of it.
You will be well paid and rewarded with a lot of stock that could be very valuable if you stay 4 years. If this is your first job out of college and you are willing to work 60-80hrs to week, you will get something out of it.
I think it's a great future job It's a job that keeps you moving that's what I like
Good Compensation, alot of other perks
I've been really happy at AWS. It's a steep learning curve, but most everyone is excited and willing to help. I've been most pleased with my flexibility. Yes, the job is fast-paced, but the flexibility I have makes it totally worth it.
they have good medical, they give you 2 stocks.
Good pay Nice coworkers Transportation accessibility Prizes Vto
A team work environment that is supportive of associates needs
A great company for anyone to start work. Starting pay is pretty good. Benefits, sick time and vacation time from day 1.
Great leadership principles and progress
Smart people, strong work ethic, close integration with business partners, casual atmosphere, new things happen every day.
Ever wonder if your work is making an impact to better lives of others? Working for Amazon gives you a chance to change the world for the better. It is a place for innovators and hard working people to get out there and build something. There is no bureaucracy, no red tape, no BS.
At AWS you get to be a part of real transformative change – the kind that helps companies do things never before possible. As our economy shifts from an industrial age to an information age many companies will struggle to find there place. At AWS, through healthy and consistent principles (e.g. Customer Obsession, Earn Trust, and Dive Deep) the Amazon culture is applied and shared with customers to help them survive and thrive in this digital era. Beyond this, being a part of hard working teams focused primarily on customer outcomes, having a strong and unified culture, and the opportunity to build a better future make AWS a wonderful place to work - Truly a peculiar place.
Amazon allows you to grow your knowledge and leverage your strengths. There are many options in the company to pursue your passions.
Tenure does not impact your voice in meetings, a good idea is a good idea. Ability to test and fail in a safe environment. Management focuses on developing the individual. Freedom to experiment and discover, it’s up to you. Feedback is everywhere. The leadership principles are referenced in every decision.
You can shape your own career and there are tons of opportunities within Amazon.
Amazon is an incredibly-fast moving company. My first week on the job, my boss promised me that no matter what, I would "never be bored" and 3.5 years in, that's held true.  Working in the team responsible for installing new fulfillment centers (warehouses), I am given high responsibility of budgets of dozens of millions of dollars and high levels of autonomy. I have exposure to network-wide issues and have the opportunity to travel extensively domestically with occasional international assignments.  The position has also been a huge learning source, and I feel like I am still learning something new every day.
Pay hours benefits ot holiday pay
Amazon wants their employees to work on projects where they can use their best strengths.  Because Amazon has so many teams working on so many different products, you can find a great fit for your combination of strengths.  Most people who work here are bright, hardworking and of good character.
Fantastic opportunity to work with smart people on cutting edge technologies Fast paced and challenging (in a good way) work environment Very little or no overhead and freedom to innovate
* New cloud technologies * Opportunity to experiment and design highly scalable systems. * Depending on location, pets are allowed * Internal training and conferences to grow and explore careers
I love working here at Amazon. They make you feel like that you are the owner of your workplace. Management listens to ideas and always give you feedback. Love the straight forward approach with everyone.
Great company with super flexibility
Good salaries, nice sign on bonus and stock bonus
Great place to work loved helping the customers and the work environment was wonderful
Guaranteed hours, plenty of time off
Job is simple, no interview, consistent part-time hours, unpaid hours, paid weekly
Money good when you need bills paid
They help you grow in the company
Good pay and easy job to do
Have the opportunities to work on some of the most exciting projects and work with smart people as well.
Lots of growth opportunities. Flexibility to move around the company. Travel. Great place to learn and develop.
Good company name to have on your resume
Great Pay, innovative company, smart people
Grate Schedule, easy work, etc
A very fast pace atmosphere that allows for creative and collaborative efforts from team members.  The ambiguity allows for you to develop problem solving skills.  You work with a large body of people, which unlocks interpersonal skills.  Leadership development is a skill you attain while in this position.
Fun, easy, positive energy, surrounded by cool people,
Fantastic Management Plenty of time-off options Good benefits on day one Excellent HR department steady workflow Climate controlled warehouse plenty of parking 4-10 schedule
Benefits are good. Associates are friendly
Decent pay and benefits but not the greatest. You can pay $15 an hour but it is not worth the pain and headache!
The company has best engineers around to learn from.
- Good experience with colleagues and managers - Good benefits: medical, commuting, etc. - Flexible work hours.
Plenty of paid time off and vaction
Great pay and benefits, along with the chance to work with highly skilled people. Amazon's vetting process for management is insane, ensuring they only get top tier folks.
Amazon has allowed me to move from an entry level warehouse associate to a manager in just over 3yrs. There are lot of opportunities and many kinds of operations within the umbrella of Amazon. I have worked in 3 different networks and have held 5 different positions in only 6 years. If you are motivated and want to make a difference, then this is the place for you.
Set your own schedule Easy hiring process Ability to move up in company Great atmosphere
- first-class software organization - peculiar leadership principles, and the employees do breathe and live with them. They are really and frequently used in assessing strategies, products, processes, and people. - senior leaders are often right a lot and dive deep - lots of internal transfer opportunities and different career choices - contrary to a lot external articles, there are a lot of care and support from management, HR, and company level. the benefits are decent.
There is so much exciting work within the company.
A few things stand out to me: 1. The thing most Amazonians I know like the most is the Ownership culture. Individual contributors are authorized, expected and encouraged to come up with ideas, launch them and see them through to the end. Ownership is a way to disperse decision making authority downwards so that decisions can be made much faster not as a way for managers to cover themselves for mistakes made. 2. Along with the Ownership culture, Amazonians are given the opportunity to define their roles and activities to a remarkable extent. Of course every team is different but my experience is that at least towards the senior levels of the SA community individuals have the ability to act with a lot of autonomy making choices on what to focus on and how to achieve their goals. 3. Change is a constant. Within AWS, the market and field of cloud computing is growing and changing so fast that there is always a new challenge to take on. Successful Amazonians tend to be people who like to tackle challenges and then move on to new ones.
Weekly Pay and Business is Slow thus far
They have a lot of support, via supervisors or peers or knowledge database
Great working with associates who enjoy their jobs. Room for your ideas to be heard and executed.
The benefits right off the bat are excellent. Day one you get health, dental, vision, and 401k.
Excellent place to work and friendly environment.
New technology, change, fast paced, exciting, challenging
The Amazon Leadership Principals allow everyone to be empowered and move with speed and purpose. There are unlimited opportunities for career growth if you are comfortable and successful working within the system.
Super great benefits great friends
They give Good pay for beginners
Pay/benefits are above most other entry-level positions
Growth, meeting people from all over the world, development of BIG ideas that impact customers in a positive way and learning awesome leadership skills from awesome people.  Been with amazon for 8+ years, started out as a temporary associate and worked my way up, I've seen it all and been to many FC's in NA. If you put in the effort you will be rewarded.
Great environment to learn and grow
Decent pay, benefits, flexible hours, holiday pay
You can learn real time experience of handling large system.
Good place for young adults to start learning how to work. Good place for older adults to finish their working careers if all they truly need is benefits. Young aggressive adults will be promoted. Benefits are good. Time off is generous. 10 hour 4 day work week is a benefit to most employees. Amazon offers to pay for college and technical training. Coaching for resumes and interviews. Starting wages are fair and there are quick raises. Many other internal benefits such as training in new departments or processes and training in PIT (Powered Industrial Trucks). Associates, for the most part, are friendly to each other. Bathrooms are clean. Generally the Operations Manager holds an all hands meeting once a month and they generally do a good job engaging the employees. Peak times Amazon tries to create an atmosphere of fun and games. They also raffle off many great prizes during Peak times. Amazon has a very good program offering company stocks to full time employees. Each year around February, Amazon offers employees to quit with a severance pay that pays into the thousands depending on the number of "peaks" you successfully worked through.
Overall good place to work
working in a fun and relaxe environment
the company seems growing very fast
Three day weekends, good benefits, fixed schedule. They're good about working around a school schedule. You get access to the internal job listings of Amazon. They'll give you an Orca card if you want one.
You'll learn more in a year here than you will in 2-3 elsewhere. In most teams, EAs are considered business partners rather than secretaries. You'll be able to learn about the business from a high level.
Innovation, Respect, Fun, Autonomy, Teamwork, Work-From-Home!
* Strong devs to work with * Upto the team to decide what technology they want to use for the products * Salary is pretty competitive in the market * Good stock options upon joining * Easy to switch teams if you dont like your current one
If you are aspiring and can drive yourself, Amazon is the best place. Amazon provides lot of opportunities to own, lead and deliver. Even low level engineers are expected to lead projects and issues
The process was easy and pain free and fun.
They had good hours and a cool staff that i worked around that made the job site more fun tho we all took our jobs serious.....
I am learning how the transportation side of Amazon works and it fascinates me by how specific and delicate this process truly is. Its helping me build a better career while learning a new process.
growth is very likely within this company
Nice people, genuine effort to put substance over style, supportive colleagues, true customer obsession, passion for ideas and innovation, sense of mission, visionary leadership
Main pro is the stocks but you have to last 2 years to actually use them... it’s alright if you can establish yourself as a hard worker and build rep with the pa’s and am’s  4 days on and 3 off  There’s events that recognize you for doing a good job
Competitive and great pay. They do a yearly evaluation to compete with cost of living and adjust everyone's pay accordingly. Can advance quickly I believe within 30 days of working there.
Nice break rooms. Friendly managers. High security.
Everything moves so fast at Amazon, it's very exciting. The job changes every day. Learning opportunities are endless. Opportunities to transfer within departments/worldwide locations.
You build your career here - the opportunities are endless No pigeon holing in a role, in fact you are encouraged to learn Decisions are data based and move quickly
Co-workers and managers very nice and helpful
No pros that I can see
COMMUNICATION, BENEFITS, GROWTH, LEARNING, CASUAL
* You will be challenged to learn new things and grow as a person. * Everyone is expected to be an owner and to act accordingly. * The company has a genuine dedication to finding and solving problems, both within the organization and in the outside world. * You'll get to do cool new things all the time. * Moving around within the company is encouraged!
BENEFITS!! Benefits start on day one(vs 30-90 days for other companies). Accrued vacation/Paid Time Off, Quarterly Unpaid Time Off, Stocks, performance and attendance bonuses, training opportunities, schedule(I currently work 4 nights a week). Lateral transfers are fairly easy.
good benefits, work is fun. Very fast paced enviroment.  stock options
Fast paced, hard to pound down, hold the head tight and turn it just right as my father said. Amazon is a great company as I described above.
Friendly managers, work from home.
Very helpful people, patient, willing to teach. The company moves quickly in so many different directions so there are always new and interesting projects coming up and teams forming.
Amazon has many perks too many to name but my favorite is the work week set-up. I love working 4-10 hour shifts as it gives you work/life balance. The pay is great and the options for a monthly bonus opportunity is a great incentive for making sure that you do your best and work all of your scheduled shifts. The benefits are some of the best that I have had and I have worked in various industries, so I have something to compare. There is so many growth opportunities and chances to travel and relocate. I could go on and on, but these are some of my favorite
Great location, Good team work and Excellent Team management support.
Benefits. Pay. Stock. Meeting great people and learning a lot within the company.
I've been at AWS for about six years all in Sales. In that time I've received promotions, chances to change roles, and it's never been boring. I've kept to working 40 hours per week and use up all my vacation. It's a high growth company and management supports movement across departments. There's an intensity here that I think comes from a high bar from hiring. However, I haven't felt the pressure from the executive team to deviate from the work/life balance I want to protect.
Opportunity with amazing benefits and great culture. Wonderful people who are caring. Probably the world's best company. Can't say enough positive things to say.
I have been here for 5 years and still feels fresh! Work on a team, deliver products for customers and switch to next team once you have been there enough. This keeps me fresh and excited!
Good Pay and Benefits. Work hard to get noticed for advancement opportunities.
People are friendly. And kind all but some of the managers
Amazon will provide you with many chances to show your leadership ability. It is a great place to work if you are considering a career in either management, logistics, or even just leadership.
Innovative company with good opportunities for employees
Innovative company with good opportunities for employees
Exciting, technically challenging, wonderful team mates, great manager.
you can get extra hours as needed
Flexible hours, great starting pay and great management and coworkers
Opportunities to advance. Ability to create your own role.
Amazing company, great benefits, fast pace work
Very Cool job and nice atmosphere
Good salary, excellent benefits and they treat you like you matter.
Good pay, only work 4 days a week at nights so I’m always available in the day time other then my off days where I’m available all day, great people, best manager i ever had with a job, and reasonable job performances.
Good learning environment, very talented engineers
Good Benefits and plenty of OT
Convenient because you can set your weekly schedule.
Stock, work life balance, a lot of room to advance.
Awesome flexible schedule. Great pay. Awarded with unpaid time off 4 times a year to use at your discretion. Time and a half on worked holidays.
Great career growth & bendfits
Amazon is continuously innovating on behalf of customers. It is a great place to be as an inventor and builder of new things.
Contribute from day 1 Looks great on resume Stock growing like crazy
Some people are nice
Amazon affords many benefits—pay, stock, generous PTO and maternity/paternity, parking allowances and transit passes—but the most exciting benefit is less tangible: the opportunity to grow and learn in one of the most innovative companies on the planet. At Amazon, you're working with amazingly talented people who constantly challenge your assumptions. The mandate to create well-written narrative documents when proposing an idea to leadership means that you're under pressure to think through your ideas and find a way to crystallize them. The result is that each product and service receives significant scrutiny long before resources are invested.
Good salary and benefits, regular hours, central location, Monday-Friday schedule.
Good salary and benefits, regular hours, central location, Monday-Friday schedule.
Benefits are great. Always overtime
Start up environment that allows flexibility on taking multiple roles, offers growth on responsibilities, and great pay.
The motto is "Work Hard. Have Fun. Make History." That's exactly what we do here. Imagine the fastest job you've ever worked and then multiple that by 100. You still wouldn't believe how quickly things move here. The key is that we hire people who thrive in this environment. There's no such thing as "that's not my job". The Leadership Principles are what we operate by and that drives accountability from every Amazonian. To put it simply, we get it done. And we always start with the customer. Being that I was a customer before an employee, it's something that is very commendable and in my opinion the best way to provide quality customer service. We always are seeking ways to innovate and improve. It's a great space to be in. I've never felt more supported in my career growth than at Amazon. There is a TON of internal mobility and you're encouraged to always explore "what else" or "what's next" for you. I enjoy working from home most days as I sit on a team that has many remote teammates. We hire the best talent regardless of location (when it makes sense for the role). You're trusted to get your work done and never feel like you're on an island.
Amazon supplies their associates with outstanding benefits such as RSUs, multiple options for leave of absences, and time off options to ensure employees are off when needed. Amazon truly cares about their expecting families, IN SEVERAL ASPECTS. Amazon assists with pregnancies involving Amazon employees (leaves for mothers AND fathers), Amazon has ADOPTION ASSISTANCE, and just because the mother of your child MAY NOT work for Amazon there may still be benefits for the mother - JUST because YOU work for Amazon.  Amazon is customer obsessed - not only externally, but internally as well and I would recommend ANYONE I know to come work for Amazon.  There are constant doors open to move up in the company - whether you have a college degree OR you're a 19 year old looking for a job with decent money to support your family.
Amazon is a fantastic environment for Type-A players. The quality of people and teams all across Amazon is significantly higher than anywhere else, and that is what shows in our engagements with our customers in any capacity. Amazon is a difficult place to get hired into, but a very easy place to stay once you are in, as the company goes above and beyond to take care of its employees.
Extremely Talented people to work with Great Benefits and Competitive Compensation Stocks keeps going up, so does your salary as you are partly paid in RSUs
Amazon's culture won't be for everyone. If you'd rather do the same thing everyday and not change, then Amazon is not the place for you. If you looking to be innovative and use your creative genius then check them out. Also, check out their leadership principles.  The pay is great (complimented with stock) - benefits are good as well. Lot's of freedom to experiment.
Good benefits, good management (at least in my org). I've worked a lot of places where management doesn't want to hear contradictory opinions, this is the opposite. Even our interns jump in the fray. Management listens, and expects us to hold to the highest standards . First place I've ever worked where the guiding principles are actually referenced more often than during employee training and, in fact, are talked about in almost every.single.meeting. Probably one of the few places I've worked where I can give my opinion freely (backed by data, of course) and be praised for it instead of criticized for not being nice enough / political enough / tactful enough (I'm a woman). My org (AWS Platform) is very female/minority friendly, at from my experience. WFH policy is logical (do it when you need it, don't abuse it, get the job done). PTO seems very reasonable, although not crazy generous (I came from gov't, which was practically european if you'd been there 15 years) ... it is better than a lot of other large companies.
Very efficient interview process, excellent experience. Great team and managers, surrounded by smart and driven people.
I personally like picking on a station and not having to worry about anyone looking over my shoulder as long as I make rare. Nice people very motivational. Some jobs are tougher than others. And i was able to get amnesty tech spot. As far as how to get a non critical role. Stay away from vto, be on time, little tot , keep your rate and quality up and talk to your AM. Make it your goal to get to know everyone. Get to know ams from other teams make friends with current amnesty techs and let them be your biggest promoters. But you can’t forget the opertunity amazon also gives all associates for schooling etc
Opportunities for advancement and training. Lots of exciting change management for growth.
school accommodation The health insurance is great
A very fast paced and customer focused company
Advancement opportunities, minimal mandatory OT, 4 day work weeks
Prestige, Learning Opportunities, Sometimes fun project
decent pay time goes by fast
Very good company with fast paced environment got to learn lot.
10 hour days/ 4 days a week They start off good hourly wages
nice job to have if you could work
The mgr was nice but can’t think of anything else.
Good pay, benefit, supervisors friendly,co workers friendly, lots of food to purchase in the lunch room
Benefit is good, well work environment
The pay and hours are exceptional.
friendly team managers great staff
- customer focused working culture - standardized processes and structure
Great learning and development experience Great culture of high standards Great at forcing all decisions to be data-based and avoid paralysis for analysis
Limitless growth opportunity if you are willing to move or change roles. Awesome peers. Great, open leadership. Great compensation and benefits
Growth, Easy to make an impact, Fast pace, Great People to work with: associated, peers, leadership team
Amazon has really great benefits
Good benefits, set schedule, fast advancement
Learning new things every day
I personally like picking on a station and not having to worry about anyone looking over my shoulder as long as I make rare. Nice people very motivational. Some jobs are tougher than others. And i was able to get amnesty tech spot. As far as how to get a non critical role. Stay away from vto, be on time, little tot , keep your rate and quality up and talk to your AM. Make it your goal to get to know everyone. Get to know ams from other teams make friends with current amnesty techs and let them be your biggest promoters. But you can’t forget the opertunity amazon also gives all associates for schooling etc
Opportunities for advancement and training. Lots of exciting change management for growth.
Some really good people work here and the projects and ownership is substantial. Can be as challenging as you wish and very rewarding. There is a high bar and you are challenged to raise it even higher.
Great people, lots of energy, and exciting.
Challenging problems, amazing coworkers, and frontier technology.
Good Salary, Moderately Interesting Work, Transportation provided.
cutting edge technology, well paid, promising future
I've been at Amazon for almost 4 years. I get to work with some of the smartest and innovative people on the planet. Amazon has made me better in everything I do. I came to Amazon looking for an opportunity to stretch and that has happened in every way. As an HR professional, I have to be open and objective. But, Amazon has stretched those skills, too. No problem or idea is too big or too small at Amazon. We're encouraged to think of better and more efficient ways to do everything. Nothing is off limits. Amazon is an environment for people who want to work hard and who want to do their best. I've had the chance to do that here.  Some describe Amazon's environment as tough and work hours intensive. I would challenge that and describe Amazon as an honest environment with open and frequent feedback. The number of hours you work at Amazon can be intense, but we play hard, too. I also think the number of hours we work is sometimes self imposed. When my friends and family ask me about whether or not Amazon would be a good fit for them, I balance my answer by what I know about them and not Amazon. If I know them to be hard workers with high standards and someone who consistently stretches themselves (raises the bar), I tell them they should come to Amazon tomorrow. If, however, I know them to like do things the easy way or to settle for "okay" in the things they do, I tell them that Amazon may not be a good fit for them.
I've been at Amazon for almost 4 years. I get to work with some of the smartest and innovative people on the planet. Amazon has made me better in everything I do. I came to Amazon looking for an opportunity to stretch and that has happened in every way. As an HR professional, I have to be open and objective. But, Amazon has stretched those skills, too. No problem or idea is too big or too small at Amazon. We're encouraged to think of better and more efficient ways to do everything. Nothing is off limits. Amazon is an environment for people who want to work hard and who want to do their best. I've had the chance to do that here.  Some describe Amazon's environment as tough and work hours intensive. I would challenge that and describe Amazon as an honest environment with open and frequent feedback. The number of hours you work at Amazon can be intense, but we play hard, too. I also think the number of hours we work is sometimes self imposed. When my friends and family ask me about whether or not Amazon would be a good fit for them, I balance my answer by what I know about them and not Amazon. If I know them to be hard workers with high standards and someone who consistently stretches themselves (raises the bar), I tell them they should come to Amazon tomorrow. If, however, I know them to like do things the easy way or to settle for "okay" in the things they do, I tell them that Amazon may not be a good fit for them.
You are able to pick any shift to work. The pay is great. There's a lot of flexibility.
Benefits, Schedule, Time off, 4 day work week
-Best culture I’ve ever been apart of. Work in staffing and so I have to work with all departments (Ops, HR, Training, etc). The Staffinf department is super supportive and always helpful when there is a question or concern. You can reach out to anyone at any point in time during the day for help or support. -Amazon is the most innovative and impressive company I’ve ever worked for! It’s so insane how quickly such a large company like Amazon can pivot and change directions when something is identified as a defect or something that doesn’t work. Simply incredible! Best company to work for and so many opportunities to grow!
Variety of projects provide opportunities
(MKE5 part time)  In spite of what you hear on the news, they're not a bad company to work for. They expect a fair bit from you, but as long as you take your job seriously the managers will pretty much leave you alone.  It's definitely "a job" but it's also a pretty good stepping stone.
Stock and pay are great...hard to find anywhere that will comp as much strictly due to stock appreciation -> not targeted comp
1. I have exceptionally smart coworkers that I get to work with and its a privilege that I don't think I would get everywhere.  2. I get to work on new technologies. And multiple programming languages Objective C, Swift, Scala ....  3. I get to work on interesting, high impact projects that add true value to our customers.  4. My team is pretty process light and while agile and very little of the ceremony of Scrum.
Fulfilling customer orders, fast paced environment, growth of company, transfer opportunities everywhere.
I am surrounded by smart people, truly. And the tag line of customer obsession isn't just spin, like 'make sure we make money so we can keep prices down as a secondary benefit to our profits,' as I've experienced at other companies. We actually do work backwards from the customer and move ~mountains to try and make things happen for the customer benefit.
Great salary, great benefits, Seattle is awesome.
- Innovative company - Good Life/Work balance - Overall Flexible Management - Great Training Provided
I have worked at Amazon for about 2 years now. You get to meet all kinds of people. There are so many ways to talk to leadership. If you have an idea you can share it. The managers are awesome. You can ask almost anyone for help and rarely will someone tell you no. Managers tend to let you do your job without interfering to much.
Compensation is tied to the company stock, which brings a huge windfall when the stock is doing well (which it has been forever). Great management with clear vision, compassion, and focus. Many areas are run like startups, with very high levels of empowerment.
You are able to pick any shift to work. The pay is great. There's a lot of flexibility.
It’s local, it pays more than fast food or grocery
12hr, simple tasks, some good people
Decent pay, Medical, 401K (they will match up to 2% of your pay), Paid breaks, Offer bonus
Good pay If identifying data trends is your talent then this is your place to be. Everyday is ‘Day one’ can be good or cumbersome it depends Your input as a employee is valuable Work life balance  Amazon has been that company I have admired the FC ‘make it happen’ teams. And I am apart of a company with great people. I love it here! Amazon truly invest and value their employees and it does matter if you’re super smart (which there’s a lot of them here, lol) or just a consistent hard worker. As a Amazonian your input is valued! Because it’s the coolest company on the planet! Keep up the good work Amazonians and let’s keep pushing the bar of excellence! #makinghistorywhilehavingfun!
Amazon does a really good job of teaching you how to get started. You can get a good amount of experience.
they have a lot of flexibility
They are clear on what to expect hours-wise and there are plenty of shifts to pick up if you care to
The pay above minimum wage, the job is pretty easy, for the most part the managers are pretty chill.
Good benefits, stock, and co workers
being able to Work from HOme,
Helping others. No rate. Got to be tech savvy.
Fellow Amazonians - Some of the brightest and best people I have ever worked with. The work - Very rewarding to help customers on their journey to the cloud. The compensation - incredibly good perks with the job. They make sure to take care of you in many ways other than base salary and stock options.
Good benefits, Great balance between family and work, Fair base salary based on your Area.
Work life balance is great (depending on what team you are on.) I was given the ability to WFH if needed and take time off. They really give you the ability to improve processes and listen to ideas.
Get to work some amazing, passionate, driven and really smart people. New ideas are supported and encouraged.
This company really lives it's values and that's refreshing. You get to work with a lot of very smart and dedicated people.
Switch team easily, good pay, can learn a lot, a lot of opportunities to get promotion. And my team is amazing.
Work with smart people and a lot of interesting and challenging projects. Most of people are willing to put more hours at work and the schedule are very flexible.
Always an opportunity to learn Great benefits Brilliant, level headed people
Competitive Wages, Career Growth, Innovation, Strong & Fun Culture, People, Leadership, Flexibility.
Total compensation is highly competitive Yes base wage is competitive but amazon has really amazing benefits that I think no other company can compete with Growth Opportunities - Career progression can happen pretty fast if your doing the right things
- One of the most innovative companies I've worked for - Smart people with great ideas - Fast paced environment - Good work life balance (i.e., flexible working hours depending on which team you work for) - Ton of online resources to grow in your field of work
I'm only a few weeks into working at Amazon, so admittedly these are only first impressions. But here are some of things I've seen so far.  1. Incredible recruiting experience - Throughout my entire time recruiting things were communicated very well, there was no guesswork with what to expect, when to expect it. Amazon was completely transparent about what would be coming, and then HELD TO THEIR WORD. I can't stress enough how refreshing it was to actually experience what I was told was coming. It really felt like my recruiters were working for me, not just Amazon. All my interviewers made it into a conversation, not a stressful barrage of questions. And you could tell that each one was engaged and interested, giving insightful responses and follow ups to the things I would say.  2. Relocation was simple. I moved across the country to start my new job, and Amazon hired great vendors to help with the relo and made sure every step of the process was covered. This includes working closely with me when my needs diverged from what their usual plan was, I wasn't ever told something couldn't be done.  3. Management is collaborative. So many companies talk about flat structures and how you don't really have a boss. It's never true. Amazon does a great job of having minimal hierarchy, but acknowledging where that hierarchy exists and ensuring expectations at every level are laid out. Then leveraging the expected skillsets to work in both directions. My management has already been open about expectations but consistently available to ensure I have what is needed. And thats not just with me as a new joiner, it is visible everywhere around me.  4. My work hours are flexible. My team is nice. Everyone is intelligent and hardworking. The IT support (really essential when you're onboarding anywhere I think) is very useful and responds to needs quickly.
Highly innovative environment working with the smartest people. Fast paced and decision making setting which is a pro for me (may not be for others). Competitive compensation, good health insurance and stock compensation
-Assist Operations Leaders and associates on Safety -Improvement opportunities and turn-over rate is low
Unlimited opportunity/ ongoing training / able to make independent decisions / management team is caring / the entire world is on our teams/ speak with fellow employees on all continents / I can go on forever about the pros
Fast Paced, unique, scale, variation, freedom, employees. It's an all-star team here, you will be challenged.
A career in Amazon Operations is a great place to work alongside some extremely bright and driven professionals. Whether or not it’s a great fit for you depends on your personality type and what you what in your career. If you want the opportunity to be challenged, take ownership/responsibility, stretch your skills, lead and implement process improvements and push your own development then Amazon is a great place for you. It's a fast paced environment with continuous improvements so expects constant change.
A lot of room for growth, Great mentors, Full stack projects
Working here the last 5 yrs. , I have seen a lot of change. Mostly good. I'm in the maintenance Dept. and our voices are heard to make the building run better, increase productivity, and help the associates do their job more safely and efficiently. Management is always looking out for their direct customer, which in turn has a direct reflection to the end customer receiving the product.
Great compensation. Strong innovation culture. Fun, fast-pace environment. Career growth opportunity. Fast growing company. very good benefits package.
Amazing work (comiXology) Awesome Work Location (Times Square NYC) High Base Salary Large Signing Bonus Year 1 Large Signing Bonus Year 2 RSU's of Amazon 401K Matching
I'm really loving my experience at Amazon so far. I have gotten great support from my manager and extended team. I love the self service attitude here.
The sky is the limit if you are an entrepreneur that can get things done. So much opportunity and when/if you get bored, there are many other areas within the company for you to go try out. If you can envision an area you want to be in, chances are good that area exists and is looking for talented people.
This is real HR. You work to develop employees and remove barriers to success. I thoroughly enjoy the challenge.
The Amazon corporate culture/values are the best in the world. We obsess over customers. Some companies claim to care about customers, but from my experience working in retail management for other companies what they do does not even come close to what Amazon does.  We pioneer, innovate, and value the opinions of employees and customers at all levels . We truly listen to both customers and employees. I have personally worked on many initiatives to put Associate feedback into action. Some of the best ideas come from our front line employees. We listen to their feedback about barriers they face and improvements that can be made to make their job easier or better and we take action to improve those things quickly! This includes anything from adding more food options in the breakroom to making multi-million dollar investments into new technology, equipment, process improvements, etc.  The career opportunities are virtually limitless. While I was a leader in Operations within the Fulfillment Centers I personally reviewed resumes, helped with interview prep, provided opportunities for Associates to take on new and challenging roles, and personally promoted over 30 well deserving Associates from front line employees into Management positions in a span of only about 2-3 years.  Within my own career I have had an opportunity to run a department/area within a Fulfillment Center as an Area Manager where I was able to directly support, train, and mentor a large team of Associates.  I was then able to transition into an ACES Continuous Improvement Manager role where I received expert level training, development, and experience on Lean Six Sigma process improvement strategies equivalent to that of a Black Belt.  I got promoted into a Operations Manager role where I was managing other Operations Area Managers and leading a very large team of Associates in a Fulfillment Center.  I was even able to participate in an innovative new rotational program where my only job was to listen to the needs of both Associates and Managers and ensure that their feedback for improvements got put into action as quickly as possible. We call this Voices in Action. This included anything from adding better flavors of creamer for the free coffee, to adding more fans for better airflow in specific hot spots in the FC, to providing career skills training to Associates wanting to promote and grow in their careers, to providing mentorship and development training to new managers still learning how to be great leaders. The fact that Amazon would invest so much into supporting its employees speaks volumes to the culture of the company and that they are not just talking the talk they are walking the walk.  Through my experiences within Operations I wanted to make a bigger impact on the way the we onboard, train, and continuously develop employees at all levels of the organization. So I was able to transfer into a new role where I am now a part of the North American Learning and Talent Development Team that continues relentlessly to improve every aspect of how we setup new and existing Amazonians for success in their career. I am empowered and encouraged to try new ideas, solve problems, collaborate with other teams, innovate on behalf of both internal and external customers and I love what I do!  I also get the opportunity to work with some of the most intelligent, talented, and motivated people on the planet with a huge amount of diversity, which just further adds to the quality of work that we do as a team and how well we are able to serve our customers and fellow Amazonians.  I even helped a member of my family get a job here through a job recommendation because I knew he would love it too!
Its a truly great environment to continue learning as a professional. There is a sense of a start up culture, but with the benefits of a fortune 500. The principles of Amazon's culture are extremely clear for its employees and there is very little micro managing. Very strong compensation & strong products to sell.
Learned a lot on a really good team, was never worked too hard.
- Surrounded by lots of great engineers. - Strong culture of building quality products. - Lots of growth opportunities and ability to move around within company. - Leadership Principles are not hollow words by upper management but are practiced every day at all levels.
The Austin office has a much more laid back culture than the Seattle HQ  Comp is awesome compared to other Austin companies and the cost of living  Fast paced work environment with very capable coworkers
Obsessed towards the Customer Need. Trying to solve towards a real problem the Customer has avoids the pitfall of building great products and features that no-one adopts. Additionally, unlike the Moonshot approach, and failing big, the Lean Approach is emphasized - to scale gradually, learn from failures and succeed big, or fail small.
Amazon doesn't live up to the hype that they are slave driving maniacs. They do not change their mind every other day or week about what is important. They operate off of a very solid foundation. Yes they are dynamic and change quickly and expect you to be part of the solution, but it is not chaos and the senior leaders are top notch in every respect. Most people I see that do not like Amazon or the culture don't like a fast paced environment or working hard.
Great sense of team. Relaxed atmosphere. A real sense of accomplishment as docks clear at end of dispatch.
Different Schedule, Bonuses, Team work, AA matters.
when I started I could make my own schedule but they don't do that anymore. You can cross train and learn different aspects of the job.
Nothing to be positive .
none, the whole work environment was terrible
Increases te minimum wage
Remote work 50% of the time
Great people in the organization, some of the smartest and most dedicated folks I've run across were at Amazon.  Compensation depends on how the stock does, and the stock is doing extremely well.
Amazon has a great culture of innovation that is great for long-term career growth. The opportunities to do something interesting and challenging are everywhere.
Away Team experience is amazing
Walking the talk regarding the leadership principles. Innovation, freedom, high performing group of folks.
You work with people from all walks of life. You create a bond with your time and the job is fast paced for the most part.
Good for someone who needs a decent job
Can take dogs to work and colleagues have strong technique skills.
I have been here two months and its been a great environment to work in, not only supportive bosses, but supportive team. I have learned so much in the past two months and I cannot wait for whats to come.
You're surrounded by smart, hard working people, who are willing to try new ideas.
Benefits, Fair Raises, No Uniforms, Shares of Stock, Benefits
Exciting place to work and great coworkers on my team and throughout various business teams.
Strong growth opportunity. Never a dull moment. Excellent coworkers. Plenty of ways to make a positive impact.
Fast-paced, youthful, high-impact, and tech focused
Cutting edge to work with. Less red tape and ownership to the level where you are deemed as product owner which makes day to day easy.
Tons of freedom, great leadership, stretching skills for growth and plenty of career options
I love working with such talented coworkers with such a diverse skill set. I learn a ton from others. Over my 12 years at Amazon I've worked on tons of teams from on the amazon.com website to AWS. Each team brings new challenges and keeps me interested. The culture is great, and I enjoy the cycle of busy-to-relaxed depending on the time of year and what part of development my projects are in. I love the culture of ownership, even being on call to make sure we build high quality systems. I've grown a lot at Amazon, starting as an entry-level software developer out of college.
great culture, great people, really care about the customer, always learning, intellectually stimulating, independence, flexibility, great benefits
> Great to be part of a company that is growing and thriving again > Very competitive pay and benefits > Good flexibility and work/life balance > Exciting new and challenging projects > Fast-paced yet strategic environment > Great team dynamics
Awesome technology Lots of smart, hardworking people Interesting challenges Massive scale
Great focus on personal career! Visibility to leadership! Data driven decision making!
great career opportunities and fast paced environment where you can grow quickluy
Good pay, lots of autonomy, lots of responsibility, not restricted by bureaucracy. If you see something broken, fix it. Don't wait for someone else to do it. I had read lots of reviews saying it was cutthroat, but that just isn't what I am experiencing. It is really fun to work with super smart, ambitious people. The leadership principles matter. Everyone I have encountered lives the leadership principles
The best place to work.
Love my job, love my team, love what we do! The opportunity to be creative is endless. Most of my peers are amazing with super powers who I learn from regularly and leaders within our org who have a true and genuine care for engaging with their teams.
I've made many friends since starting here over a year ago. This job really thrives on promoting from within and have moved to a position that I have wanted to be in since I started. Lots of hard work and asking the right questions gets you there. They offer great pay, amazing bonus package and the insurance is out of this world.
- Really genuine and one-of-a-kind Director and above leaders  - Diversity and strive for diversity within the workplace and overall culture  - Casual workplace, come as you are approach  - "What you see if is what you get" - mentality: no free perks/gimmicks of any kind, low/moderate base pay, and simple benefits but it all comes back to what you're looking for in a workplace and what you value.
Leadership principles and customer focus
The total compensation package is good and theirs plenty of overtime. Fast-paced company with the opportunity to grow. Good benefits, flexible schedule.
No BS environment, making history, competitive pay, flexible work environment
Excellent salary, stocks, and team to work with.
You'll learn how to operate at massive scale You will be pushed by others to improve your writing and communication skills You'll learn how to use data to drive your decision making You'll become a better professional and a better person because you'll get direct feedback from your supervisors, peers, and executives You'll learn how to develop and hire the best people in the world
Schedule, project selection, engaging environment and great people to work with.
Have chances to participant in interesting projects
Easy, simple, and a positive work environment
High earning potential and mobility across the entire Amazon organization for career growth.
Every decision is data driven
Compensation, leadership, personal development, and colleagues
i am enjoying the flexibility
Benefits 1 hour lunch Community involvement Employee outtings
clear instruction, clear management and goals
good pay great managers easy work
Fixed hours, easy work, weekly pay (if you're seasonal).
Flexible schedule good people to work with
Challenging tasks and fast pace environment
Leadership principles and customer focus
fast paced, a lot of hours during peak
fast paced, a lot of hours during peak
- Working backward from customers - High impact projects
Great company to work for
Great online shopping experience for good merchandise
Employees are friendly and go out of their way to help others. Engineering talent is excellent. Approach to product management is unique and it works.
- you get to work for Amazon which is kind of cool especially in Seattle. All of the major product teams are here. - pay is pretty good, I’ve had a hard time finding a company that will beat my current pay (I have now though) - stocks are through the roof (that’s if you get any) - if you are working to become a software engineer there are plenty of openings but be prepared to learn new skills to level up and out of your role.
ok benefits and stock options
Nice to learn in the comany
Good health benefits and fast response of the LOA (Leave of Absence) team.
They don't care if you have experience or education. Amazon will use your body mercilessly to fill their agenda for stuff delivery. They care about those who pay Amazon. Not those who work for it.
That stock... Most of corp team is understanding of big picture
Regular hours, people, decent pay
Friendly environment, easy job, opportunities to experience the blue badge status: Request days off, decent raise, etc.
Decent pay, usually some overtime available. Decent benefits. Fun environment. Lost 50lbs in the first 8 months working there from constant running around for 40+ hours a week on my feet.
flexible scheduling, lots of exercise, fun
Exciting work Tons of career opportunities
They paid on time and they supplied gloves and locks for lockers.
Benefits, insurance, mostly good people
Get to own your business end to end
Benefits are good for the job
Fantastic people and support for growth
You get benefits from day 1
fast pace work high levels of ownership impactful work smart colleagues
The benefits you receive are good.
I've had great management throughout my career here. I feel that my management does a good job at setting me up to get promoted( nothing yet though.. but it looks promising), as well as being supported when I've had problems to work around ( both personal and professional). I've had my opinions respected and given the option of what projects I want to work on. It's been a continual process of learning new skills and technologies, as well as learning more about effective writing and personal skills. I don't feel overworked and my management has never told me that they feel I need to work more. There are a lot of opportunities to grow and learn new things. If you get tired of your team or your job and you want to try something else, cross team transfers happen reasonably often, and I've seen co-workers try out the management track and succeed, or decide it's not for them and move back to tech.  Despite being a larger company, there is a lot less bureaucracy than you would expect. You need a small number of machines to test something, typically approval is automatic. ( as you need more bureaucracy creeps back in with budgets and hardware planning).  Promotion's are progressively becoming a show x skills/abilities, get to next level , as opposed to a more get x people to vouch for you process, at least at the lower levels, which makes it fairly clear on what you need to work on to get promoted.  There is always a new shiny thing being rolled out to make service development better ( faster, cheaper , more operationally stable), but it also takes time to ramp up on it.
Several programs are in place for employees to take advantage of for the betterment of their future and career.
Great benefits, decent pay good working environment
Salaried positions pay well, with good stock awards, when you hire in to the position externally. It is entirely possible to begin as a seasonal employee and promote into senior operational management at a fulfillment center
Easy and fast job to get. Working in distribution center.
It’s a job that pays minimal
Highly skilled and capable team members
Decent pay and lots of hours. Great opportunity for advancement if given the right timing and bugging management.
Great pay if you have little experience. Can advance with no degree.
challenging, smart people, data driven
-New HR system, Connections, is creating a better work environment -Buildings in Seattle are very modern, enjoyable spaces to work in -Incredibly talented, hardworking workforce -Pay is competitive, benefits are good -Amazon sponsored events with big name celebrities, musicians -Lots of fun interesting events and opportunities to learn around the Seattle campus -Super dog friendly -Unlimited opportunities, you will never be bored, and if you are a high performer you can move throughout the company quite freely
Benefits, co- workers, breaks, decent pay, VTO
Worked with some really wonderful hardworker!! Will miss them.
Has good benefits and people
Doesn’t deal with operations, less stressful.
The pay can be good, but you have to work
Emphasis on innovation, good pay and benefits
Really supportive managers work here
Easy job and customer service
Tons of Opportunity for advancement, on-going educational opportunities, ability to work in almost an unlimited number of areas, great compensation package, work with incredibly bright people in an international environment, the company truly lives and stand behind the leadership principles, Day 1 culture means everyone's opinion is respected and everyone is expected to participate in meetings, even if its your first day (no one is too new or too "junior" - your opinions count!
Intellectually Stimulating. Keeps you on your toes
Learn a lot from the strategic operations perspective
Flexible schedule and friendly management.
Working at OAK6 Amazon Fresh. Best Job ever until it shut dow (Relocated).
Team members, laid back, pay, benefits
A lot of emphasis on failing fast and learning from it
work life balance is wonderful
There is great growth opportunity and cross training.
- Globally Recognized - Decent Insurance
Lost of responsibilities quickly, good pay, great networking
Fun internship, seattle in the summer was amazing
Offer some benefits for part time
Best benefits you will find for healthcare and plentiful amounts of time off.
Bonuses, pay is decent during the holidays
At Amazon, you get to work on cool things
Guaranteed 40 hrs a week
Flexible time off, safe environment
The people are very friendly and the incentives they include with the benefits are great. The work is very easy and there is room for advancement.
Great benefits and very easy work! Great people to work with as well!! Pay increases quarterly and plenty of opportunities to move up in the company!
Fantastic benefit package... provided you stay around long enough for your stock to vest.
Health Care Benefits 41K Stock Options Great job opportunities
Great teamwork and management and the perks or benefits is awesome as well
Interesting work and you're surrounded by top talent all the time. Corporate culture is very strong and employees follow the leadership principles.
Simple job and very easy
Can advance fairly quickly if you do well and hit your performance marks.
Benefits starting from the 1st day
Benefits starting from the 1st day
Flexible Timings Good part time pay Good managers
Benefits good but pay not good enough
Good Hours and good benefits
Good opportunities to learn. Talented co-workers. There are opportunities to move to other teams which is helpful.
You do get insurance and stock all on day one which is a blessing
Easy money. 4-5hrs a day
Working with amazing people. Constant change of pace, work, while building on your ability to think on your feet, problem solve, and to teach.
Fast Paced, Smart co-workers, great planning and implementation/launch timelines, strong management, continuous learning and full ownership
Overall the company is solid to work for, however, upgrading is very hard. If you have any kind of desired to move up, do not get hired as a hourly employee. The ability to move from hourly to salary depends on the department and it could take a long time for the department to even have open salary positions. Moving from department to department can be difficult as well unless you are good at selling yourself and being very bright and shiny. If you are just extremely good at working, but not really advocating for yourself, then this is not the type of company for you. The stock options are good, but are much better if you can get hired on as salary. Management positions are compensated well from everything that has been talked about. However, it seems management only does X amount of the actual work and more or less are in meetings day in and day out.
3 days off was a plus
- The compensation is great - Plenty of opportunities
Great advancement potential for aspiring employees
Some cool people, flexible work schedule, stock options, sign on bonus, and work from home
Fantastic and really smart people to work with. The innovation that is coming out of Amazon is amazing. The flexibility and casual work environment is a huge plus.
There is a lot of voluntary overtime. Plus if you don't miss any days in a month you earn 4% bonus.
Exponential Growth, Learning curve. Great Culture
Best people to work with - extremely smart, humble, strong grit and perseverance Very challenging environment Need for keen attention to detail Awesome leadership
Great Pay Benefits VET VTO UPT Holiday Pay Management Great Part time job. Good starting pay, good job for college. Management is good and helpful,
Possibility of bonuses and travel
Friendly staff, pretty alright hours.
High ownership, ability to invent and take action on them
Culture Working with some of the smartest people Health benefits
Power of internet in the world
They have great benefits and pay
benefits from the first day, stock options and paid time off
Pay and Bonuses were ok
Clean facility, clean work, safe environment
Got to see how big companies operate and learn some coding techniques that were largely applied. Many internal sessions to learn new things.
There are very few teams in the company where the managers are helpful of employees and have good work culture. However these teams are so rare in such a big company and hard to find that I chose to consider this company has a toxic work culture with no work-life balance.
meet a lot of new people and the peak prizes
great benefits and easy access to hr
- You will be surrounded by incredibly skilled engineers - You will likely learn more while working at Amazon than at previous companies - Highly rewarding - Helped relocate me when it came to moving my stuff across the country, scheduling tours of apartments, etc.
Great pay mangers food truck
Great job if you need one and you just left prison for murder or just need a throwaway job between better things.
good pay, short shifts, easy job to do
* Amazon is doing every business these days so there are opportunities to learn and build anything you'd like. The kinds of problems I work on are very unique and hard to find anywhere else. * People working here are usually super smart and creative. * Stock is doing great, which is why a lot of folks are still here and why the company has been able to hire at such an amazing rate over the last few years. * Contrary to what I read in a lot of forums, in my experience work-life balance has been great. I work my own hours and my managers have been supportive of everyone's schedule. Amazon is a really big place so YMMV.
Great for book lovers, an overall easy going work environment. There's no sales quota just need to have a good work ethic and customer service. Lots of room to move up and encourages transfer nationwide.
Extremely smart coworkers Feeling of being on the cutting edge of technology Resume strength
Great Work to be done
Huge responsibility over seeing the non-inventory packaging supplies side of the warehouse and managing the suppliers.
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
good benefits,givin free food sometimes during break,vto.sometimes,swag store
Awesome benefits. One of the best in the whole wide world
cafateria took managment over a year to install fans so now its not 100 degress on 4th floor
Brand Name and Stock Price.
the work it self is not hard but can get stressful or dull at times.
Lots of hours, clear goals, fun coworkers, plenty of parking, wide array of schedules, easy opportunity to become full time with full benefits
decent work-life balance, solid benefits
Work from home, quarterly merit based bonuses
Great name, moving ahead,keeping pace with advancement
great place to work at.
GOOD APPLYING PROGRAM that helps you realize
I'm a user and would love to improve quality and reviews
WFM used to be such a cool place - every single person who applied and got hired felt the same way: this is a company we believe in, with values that reflect our own.
Customer-obsessed culture, good pay, and great benefits. Great onboarding and training process.
A pure (business) metrics-driven process has helped them stand out and weather most market issues and beat all competition.
Career Opportunity to help to grow in the future with learning
Health Benefits are decent, good time off, ok starting wage, come as you are attitude regarding wardrobe.
Great Medical benefits! Stocks were great After you stick around for at least 2 years while they vest.
Constant work, not a hard job to do
Plenty of overtime at all centers.
- Most of your coworkers are on your side as long as you're helping them achieve their goals. - Awesome benefits. - Possibility of upward mobility, even for remote workers.
great medical benefits that start on your first day
Customer focus and results-driven culture
Hours, ability to move up quickly in company, benefits,
Many people are smart and willing to listen and work as a team. I have met some real genuine people.
Good benefits Easy to get the job
Extremely smart people. Projects are very interesting. It is inspiring to work at a company that is changing the world.
Paid time off, vacation, upt, career choice, 4 10hour shifts, 3 days off
Dress code and 4-10 work schedule
Decent wage, lax supervision, can wear normal clothes to work/ no uniform
Good Benefits and Healthcare options.
Best benefits in medical, dental, and vision. Monthly bonus and plenty of overtime oppurtunties.
Awesome benefits and time off.
Good pay flexible team work Good management Consistent reliable fun fast pace
Stock, vcp, good benefits, great co-workers, close to home
Ok pay for the job
Really chilled environment , nice break room, water stations,
millinial-based easy location transfer easy work nice staff organized
Everything is around the customer!
Career Choice Program, job security.
The people ,the pay , the management
Plenty of opportunities to grow.
At least you have a job
- Pay wasn't amazing, especially the fact they pay the same for this position no matter what geographical area you're in, but base pay + signing bonus was on par with similar entry level jobs' base pay. - Looks great on a resume. - You will get really good experience which your other friends in HR will likely not be doing in their first job- interviewing, terminations, conducting ER investigations (sexual harassment, theft, etc.). - Generally young co-workers. - Very casual dress-code- jeans, sneakers, leggings, whatever is generally fine.
Clean work environment and climate controlled.
Good pay and worked with some quality people. Bonuses were nice, but kind of odd compensation strategy.
Pay is good, I think it depends on the area your in so you get paid enough to live comfortably off of. Great benefits, paid time off, unpaid time, and vacation, holiday pay, made some friends with my co-workers.
Culture - customer-centric Benefits - very generous Flexible schedule Great co-workers Exciting projects Compensation
Stable work flow and good hours.
The benefits and time off are worth it.
Great Work life balance in Amazon! Awesome Culture
Great learning cure, Work-life balance. Part of the best tech company
Good pay, stocks after two years of employment.
Good salary. Innovative stuff to do
Dynamic, start-up like. For those willing to put in the works, highly rewarding to see the amount you can achieve in relatively short period of time.
Good PPO and unpaid time off.
pay, time off, part time
Very good benefits and you get nice discounts
Amazon offers very high compensation and excellent advancement opportunities
Fast paced awesome managers great pay
Good Company and good people
Good benefits, people are good.
Fantastic payand benefitsvery good managers
Ability to engage across all teams at all levels, Constantly learning and growing knowledge, Customer Obsession
Great place to work. Everything has been amazing and people make me happy.
- Great really smart workforce - Latitude to be customer obsessed - Actually lives the values (leadership principles) - A lot of opportunities for growth
Great benefits, great culture, and great people
Depending where you are in life its great. You get up to 30 hours per week with weekly pay. You have dental and vision.
Flexibility to join in other teams .
good management, good pay, good benefits
Insurance, some friendly coworkers, bistro food
Great pay, good benefits, provides bussing to some areas
They sing in a circle or whatever.
Fun environment, fast pace, big company
Having a 4 day work week. Time off.
Money, Schedule Flexibility, Ability to move up
the job is flexible and work at home
At first we felt like the company was invested in us. They gave us all the tools and training we needed to take care of customers.
At first we felt like the company was invested in us. They gave us all the tools and training we needed to take care of customers.
Plenty of Job Opportunities and Movement. Transparent Management. Encouragement to Pursue Education & Bigger Things.
good benefits, three days off a week
Great way to supplement your income.
Good benefits 4 days work week
Great working environment and lots of intelligent motivated people
Great team, excellent software tools, a lot of opportunity to grow and easy to relocate to a different city/state
Excellent benefits and easy to learn
Ok pay, meet new people, work around school schedule, set schedule
- Choose your hours every 3 weeks (however the hours available are based on the projected demand of customers)  - You have a Unpaid Time Off bank that refills every quarter with 20Hrs (you can use those hours as you please EXCEPT during Prime week)  - Some managers are great and really try to help you the best they can
Overall, company has great growth opportunities
Depending on your team, you will be working on things that will have an impact. If you're someone that likes such an achievement, this will be great. Most systems are designed to be scalable and that can help especially junior engineers to learn how to better design a system.
Blaze your own trail at Amazon.
Great job for good pay
The accounts we are asked to review are simple to understand and straight forward  Nice work area with plenty of shops around  Good health benefits
Casual dress and 4 day work week.
Every day is different, you'll never be bored, there's always opportunities to learn new skills. Leadership principles come into action as tie breakers in discussions - the most often used one is "what is the best outcome for our customer?". You are encouraged to look around corners, and engage into vigorous debate as long as you have data to support it.
Excellent benefits and great work from home opportunities
Great compensation and Benefits. Room for growth.
The benefits that come with the job
Great benefits. Proper breaks and management is very professional.
You will work with some of the smartest and hard working Leaders in your career who care deeply and are passionate about the work they do. The stock is also a phenomenal bonus.
you get to work independently or with partners
Amazon secure jobs opportunity
Salary and managers are awesome and very excellent atmosphere
You only have 1 thing to do the only rule is to get it done, that’s what i like about it you didn’t have 10 other tasks to get done just 1. I also loved that you didn’t have to speak if you didn’t want to just go there and work and leave. Break room was nice
Great Stock Bonus, Ability to relocate
This job was easy to get. No interviews. Just a drug test and background check. The work was repetitive for a while, but they will train you to do different tasks eventually.
Large scale systems, high volume consumers
The people aka Teams and Managers around you. Types and number of systems in use. Flexibility to pursue interests/projects
Fast pace, will help develop warehouse skills
AWS is fantastic to work in.
Flexible, autonomous, nice co-workers, good pay, easy
The benefits and pays is good
$12.50/hr Set your own schedule
Benefits! Benefits! Benefits... Benefits... Benefits!
Lots of flexibility to move to different roles.
Schedule and paid time off are good
Engaging work enviroment Opportunity for advancement Guaranteed 40 hour weeks
It's a household name, looks great on a resume, and there are a lot of smart people working there.
Pay and a lot of opportunities
GREAT! GOOD COMPENSATION and STOCKS! GROWTH OPS! GREAT PEERS and TEAMS GREAT WORK CULTURE
The people . The pay
Great sales team & direct managers
-The starting pay is a little over minimum wage but it should definitely be more. -If you have little to no job experience, then its a okay starter job but definitely work on whats your next plan to further yourself. -Provides stock that you can access after 2 years. -A vast majority of people are helpful if you have issues. -Have a lot of dedicated people who work hard at their job. -Give out raffles for prizes and have competitions for working hard to also earn prizes. -Makes safety a big priority for workers. -You have water stations close to where you work at all times. -Trying to advance and take on other responsibilities is possible but i wouldn't want to here. -Will pay up to 95% of tuition towards a Associates Degree for associates but only if they work for a full year at amazon. -You receive a certain amount of Personal time-off(PTO), Unpaid time-off(UPT), and vacation time every so weeks but PTO and UPT is not infinitely given throughout the year unlike vacation time. -Voluntary time off and voluntary extra time are available sometimes.
I got hired right out of college. I would recommend any college graduate to start their career with Amazon because it will teach you the work ethic you need to survive in the real world. This work ethic will carry with you for the rest of your life and anything you do after Amazon will be very easy to you. You will work with very smart young leaders. My GM was not even 30 and he had moved every couple years for a promotion opportunity. There is a lot of growth if you are willing to come in everyday and work hard. Work week in the Operations department is 4 days but I would say that I only worked 4 days 50% of the time I was at Amazon. During Peak, prime you are working 5 days. In my building a lot of managers were leaving, either getting promoted or quitting the company so most work week were 5-6 days 12 hours. Amazon also gives you a lot of flexibility on how to manage your people. You get about 200 associates to manage and you can really set those relationships early on so that your shift can produce. Overall I had a good experience working for amazon. I left because I found a better opportunity else where in terms of work/life balance.
Fast paced projects, quick iteration to meet customer needs. Amazon has a very open work culture that encourages dedication and ownership.
my team colleagues are very nice, the technology used is modern. work-life balance is good
This was a good company to have her first job with. Offer great benefits!
Benefits start day 1. Some positions are interesting and keep you active. Lots of schedules to choose from.
Decent pay, stable hours, and benefit package.
Fun environment. Especially around the holidays.
Pretty much a set schedule. Safety is paramount. Opportunities to pick up more working hours.
Good pay, perks, help with school, safe, good stepping stone for career
Fast paced. You’re never bored. Challenging problems that are fun to solve.
Benefits are good Easy to commute even without car
none. none. none. none. none
I joined Amazon with a Master's degree with 1 year of experience. I have had so many opportunities for system designs, delivering values to end-customers, and project management. I have been a people manager for more than a year now. I love the products that we have been building at Amazon. If you have passion and want to get a sense of accomplishment, working for Amazon is a great choice.
Love the welcoming atmosphere. The hours are great and staff are awesome
Sharp people and consistent challenges
Great work life balance, 4 days on 3 days off. The compensation package is extremely competitive.
Great people for the most part. My location is a cross dock which I like because it's small.
Casual culture Lots of opportunities Fun, fast-paced atmosphere
Feels good having all the freedom to manage my own time, work and personal development. Great colleagues, My colleagues have been really friendly and helpful! Great environment, Seattle Sphere's a nice place to do self paced tutorials. Pretty OK ergonomic equipments. Free transport card.  Really customer focused. Really great to be their customer, and staff.
lots of new area you can learn from
- Good benefits and decent pay. - you have the option to manage your time off, and are given very nice paid time off hours and hours that you can use if you want to leave sick or have to take off work , that you don’t get paid for but are not in trouble for taking. -Free sports drinks, and coffee. -Clean warehouse.  The job itself is easy, but the management is terrible.
relatively easy work, raffles during holidays
Benefits, different shifts to choose from
Good benefits, Know what to expect daily.
I liked how they provided a shuttle service for workers that didn’t have reliable transportation
Tons of benefits,fair pay. Opportunites
A lot of opportunities to learn from others. Bring dogs to work.
Rate of Pay Benefits Availability of overtime
You can make bank and go anywhere! Literally, just about anywhere. I have also never seen better benefits that start on day 1. There were times I hated it and there were times I loved it. And above all, I don't regret working there for several years.
high pay, guaranteed 40 hours weekly. Easiest way to get into a corporate warehouse job after highschool.
Benefits. PTO. VTO. VET. UPT
Voluntary over time, voluntary time off
Working 4 consecutive days in a row, 3 days off.
I enjoyed the fact that it was work from home.
part time is paid $18/hr
You get to work a LOT of hours.
great growth opportunity, competitive environment, a good resource to learn new skills, meet a lot of people here, exciting new products
Smart people, interesting challenges, and great access to data
75% of the people are amazing, intelligent, hard working, people of integrity. The Seattle offices are generally nice, although do not have the free food and gym memberships offered by other companies. The company is doing exciting work that is often industry changing.
Compensation is competitive, and rotation opportunities are readily available
-Lots of OT -Easy job
Tons of benefits,fair pay. Opportunites
If you have good work ethics, than you'll be fine. Great medical plans, stock options, 401k, maternity and paternity leave. 3 days off per week most of the year. Paid vacation and personal time.
Weekly pay, nice co-workers, variety of schedules to choose from.
Physical in nature, Good supplemental income, fairly flexible hours.
Benefits. PTO. VTO. VET. UPT
Exciting place to work.
I really enjoyed the people I got to work with at an Amazon warehouse. The management was friendly and the job was simple enough if you can handle standing for long periods of time.
No comment lol it was good pay
Easy hours, the location i was at, was pretty laid back.
Large company allows you to move around and chase your own interests and ambitions  Good compensation  Good work/life balance. Oppportunity to WFH, flex hours around if need be.
Easy work, yes, physically difficult, frankly a good workout. If you become an ambassador they train you on everything
great opportunity, work environment, and coworkers
Very fun and learned a lot
Flexible, tech-driven and health conscious
Easy work, not back breaking. Insurance the first day you start.
The pay and stocks are great
Co workers Kitchen Distance to my house
* Culture - fellow Amazonians are genuinely interested to help you (and Amazon) succeed * Processes - Amazon is best-in-class for inventing and instituting processes intended to optimize efficiency and reduce redundancy * Leadership - Long-term strategic visionary CEO supported by strong staff of senior leaders * Job mobility - once you are in, it's relatively easy to move around to different roles for continuous development and career advancement * Work / Life balance - contrary to all the negative press from 2015 timeframe, it's actually quite a balanced workload (it's really up to the employee and manager to figure out what works fore you) * Stock - if you are fortunate enough to get a role that offers RSUs, Amazon provides employees an opportunity to grow their wealth along with the company's stock price * Personal Development - Amazon offers many avenues for personal development ranging from online courses to mentorships to rotational roles in new areas
Hard working, Fast learner, Work great with others and can train any person to work any position
good pay, good benefits. Good vacation accumulation
Work with smart people solve complicated problems at a humongous scale
Global stakes, production level projects, latest technologies, great working environment
Opportunities to learn and grow within your field
- Fast Developmental Growth - Exposure to a Huge Processional Network - Technical Knowledge Capability Building - Benefits and Pay (STOCK) - Autonomy and Freedom to Invent and Simplify - Brand Reputation is Gold on Resumes - Minimal “politics” compared to other companies. - You are encouraged to take on new challenges and build your “internal resume” by trying different roles
Opportunities to learn and grow within your field
Stable and will keep you busy.
Casual dress code. Many nice people to work with. Very flexible time off policies (without pay).
Leadership opportunities, Training, Transfer opportunities in the node.
It was a fast pace environment, co workers were fun, and every once in a while management provided free lunch and gave away gift cards. Holidays were paid.
Constantly challenged, you grow through introspection, and develop mechanisms to scale.
I learn more than work by working. Great place to work at.
benefits package.that is the only pro
The pro's of this job are that you are able to have a flexible schedule.
Great medical benefits and promotional opportunities
Good salary and good infrastructure
Pay, a lot of overtime, fastpaced work environment,
Focus, training and drive are all top notch, can really rub off on everyone in a good way
Great growth potential and everyone works very hard
cool company but glassdoor has gotten very annoying
NONE, basically a sweatshop. Pay is decent
Full time benefits- PTO (Paid Time Off), Vacation time, health insurance coverage
great work/life balance, great benefits, great chances for dev work
Good culture, flexible , Good exposure
Learn all u can, & get the experience to be able to grow within the company.
- Brilliant People - Non-stop pipeline of great ideas, only a few of which we have the bandwidth to chase. Great process (PRFAQ) for making sure the best ideas go in front of senior leadership - High energy combined with quiet reflection. A high-functioning nerd's dream. Meetings begin with silent reading and then you compete to refine an idea or proposal to its best possible self. - Continued business success, with much more in sight - Seattle!
good instructions love of the atmosphere
Easy job, management i work under are cool people, bonuses every month, flexible schedules.
Opportunity to work on diverse challenges.
- Competitive salary & Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) compensation
All the opportunities there are
Great experience Lots to learn
Great drive and focus to the keep the customer number one. Clear direction and I enjoyed the fast pace.
Innovation, complexity, speed, career growth, intelligent talent
great place to work and great people
Great place to work at
Good team, managers are friendly
good pay meet good people good bosses.
Great work environment. They don't run you into the ground.
Medical plan is very good
Pay, benefits, schedule, pays tuition, offers classes
Full benefits and free food at Thanksgiving
Good company, nice Managers, helpful tech help
Plenty of opportunities to advance in your career Lots of resources to attain knowledge and learn
The benefits are pretty good
Great benefits, diverse workforce. Flexible time off.
Competitive pay, advancement opportunities
Work on your own, Friendly environment, Weekly Pay
good place to work. you can make things happen. and the impact you generate is huge.
Easy to move up if you work hard, great benefits.
Interesting problems Fast Pace Easy to transfer teams
You can work from home.
Excellent company to start your career and grow in the world of work
I love working at Amazon! There are so many amazing people to work with and room for job growth.
Fast paced, high tech, smart people
It’s amazon so that’s a plus
Good Benefits. Four days of the week off.
Great starting job for someone who just recently graduated from high school
A lot of exposure to different teams and different functions, tons of learning opportunities.
Benefits are excellent Accumulating PTO and Vacation Time every other week Meeting people from different backgrounds
Ability to cross-train and change teams
After one year they will pay up to $5,000 towards tuition of certain programs. I used it to get my CDL. I then took their severance package of $2,000 and agreed to never work for Amazon again. Okay pay for unskilled work.
Easy job and set schedule
You get to say you work for Amazon.
Great work life balance, great employees, great products
I thought that working at Amazon really helped me develop as a young professional looking to enter the world of professionalism. I thought that it helped me learn how an exceptional company operates and prepared me well for exit opportunities.
Great culture, good pay and benefits
Engaging associate experience. Creative encouragement by leadership. Results-based, able to own process. Limitless opportunities for training, learning, and position growth. Multiple areas of potential promotion. Independent work culture, self-starters encouraged. Attention to detail is appreciated.
Short hours. Job was not that demanding
Great money, stock options, benefits, bonuses
Flexible working schedule/locations, positive atmosphere, open for new ideas
Very strong business, impact on large projects, smart co-workers
You get to work on complex problems, come up with a solution that's efficient and scales. If you enjoy software engineery stuff, I think Amazon is a great place to be. There are tons of internal tooling and smart people to help you along the way. Bonus points: Seattle is a great city and Amazon pays really well.
Fixed Schedule, Only HS Diploma Needed,
Benefits, benefits, benefits. I've never worked for a company that has offered as many benefits, even to entry level position associates, as Amazon does. From a mothers room, to LOAs beyond the minimum, to education on site and at colleges for little to no cost, Amazon has definitely gotten it right in terms of the benefits package it offers. If you're looking for way to go back to school with a flexible work schedule, gain excellent health coverage, or just advance professionally for your dream job, this is where you want to be.
It pays well, everyone gets trained on a machine. Plus you can get by hardly talking to anyone or talking with everyone, up to you. Your starting pay is better than most other jobs, but it makes sense, considering work hazards and what's expected of you.
no difficult requirement no discrimination
It's a good workout, and it's normally a consistent schedule.
Good pay, friendly staff, everyday is different
Good starting pay and stock options if you stay long enough.
Environment..Quite challenging and growth oriented.
Affordable insurance & benefit options
Flexible schedule and easy job.
World class brand. Stock options if you stay long enough to vest.
The pay is better than some other places.
Good Benefits,decent working conditions, the work is not difficult
Great team to work with and great hours.
Cool projects and innovation happen frequently Many intelligent coworkers Great guiding principles
Working at Amazon is hard, your challenged with complex problems that no other company has successfully solved. Your co-workers are smart and and competitive and your management is experienced and has high expectations but you will learn so much. You will grow professionally and personally and your prospective of "impossible" will change. As a lower level employee, you will not find a company that gives you this level of ownership and responsibility, its up to you to decided whether that is a good or bad thing.
Competitive pay and health benefits. Fast development model. Look to hire the best for roles higher than tier I.
It's possible to start as a picker or a packer and end up in a higher position fairly quickly if you work hard. The benefits are also pretty good.
There are no pros: Most places offer benefits if your full time. Amazon offers benefits but I’ve had better. My co-pay is ridiculous ! The vision option still requires that you pay an exorbitant amount for glasses. I went to get an eye exam and walked out without glasses. (I’ve never experienced this before.)
Cool projects, smart and motivated coworkers, happy customers
Many opportunities within the company.
Opportunity to involve in group meetings and cross-team discussions
Shorter work week, more days off
Working at home "Met" some nice people
Benefits, Work-Life Balance, Paid Holidays
Nothing at all. You will hate it.
The benefits are okay, but high deductible. 3 day weekend. However, at my previous job that I left due to a 1,000 mile move, I didn't even have off 2 days in a row, and if I could I would go back,
There were zero pros there
Good place to works for Benefits
1. Get to work on challenging (in terms of scalability and/or technology and/or business driven requirements) problems 2. Access to suit of amazing internal tools which helps in faster development and deployment 3. Good medical benefits 4. Access to vast amount of knowledge internally which is acquired over the years building retail and AWS
Moves fast and places bets quickly. Opportunities to work in different groups. Leader in multiple markets. Energetic peers. Outside of finance there are some good opportunities.
Good benefits, time off, good people
Moves fast and places bets quickly. Opportunities to work in different groups. Leader in multiple markets. Energetic peers. Outside of finance there are some good opportunities.
Good benefits, time off, good people
Great culture and opportunity to own a business.
4 day work week some overtime
Lots of opportunity to try change teams and try something new.
Good job security, great benefits, stable income for a full time associate. Get free stocks after two years, college funds after 1 year.
People are really friendly and they really care of the employees
Great Company, Good Benefits, Flexible Schedule
Customer Obsession can be a good thing for customer
Great teammates to work with.
Team work, Good schedule for students
Excellent Vision insurance and good dental policy for part time workers.
great culture, emphasis on ownership, a lot of autonomy
a fantastic and challenging place to work
if you fit the culture you'll love it
Keep growth. RSU has potentials
Full time, decent pay, cool coworkers
It's a throw away job. They want you gone before you even start and you want to be gone on day one. In fact a lot of people never come back after their first day.
Interesting no day is the same even though you do the same thing every day
Loads of hours to pick up
* Pay * Coworkers * Ability to transfer teams
Very good company to work for
working with some of the smartest HR/Recruiting people in the world
The only pro is received paid time off every 2 weeks even then it's only 3 hrs.
Nice entry lvl coming from military
healthcare easy work decent benefits
Health insurance, other than that nothing.
PTO,Vacation, benefits, stock options, laid back
Stocks, growing company, being able to make changes.
Great Growth opportunity over here
Fun atmosphere! Cool people.
Very good at what they do.
Decent pay for the area
There are no pros to work here
Your dog can come to work with you, free coffee, Stock keeps going up
Experience in every part of the building Good Benefits
Health benefits, career choice and stocks.
Fast-paced, different every day, opportunities for growth, supportive environment, diverse
Large company with outstanding benefits Open door policy’s Potential for advancement if you are willing Working from home is great Team Members, Team Leaders, General Managers and Operational Managers work closely and well together Amazon supplies laptop for virtual customer service agents Mentoring programs Ongoing education/training
Benefits, pto, career development, fun working environment and you get paid to workout.
they will help you pay for school.
Great benefits good for people who like to work in fast paced environment
Lots of work and get overtime during the holidays. It's okay if you don't mind belts like assembly lines.
PTO,Vacation, benefits, stock options, laid back
they have a great team atmosphere with amazing benefits
Good place to work at.
Pay, benefits, culture, core values are all very impressive.
growth, Challenging, and Nice pay
Getting paid weekly was okay
You get benefits like health, vision, and dental insurance the day you sign up. You work with a lot of great people and that's what help you get through the day
Amazon offers competitive and attractive pay
brand value if someone looking for
Interesting work, no travel, flexible hours
Conducive environments and reliability to work
Fantastic benefits...they start on day 1. Fast paced environment, fun and energetic.
Amazing opportunities for growth
Schedule flexibility. High pay rates.
built up my experience
Challenging environment to work in
- great benefits - get to workout - pay is fine - management is nice and helpful for me
Great pay, straight forward expectations, org willing to spend money on things needed to complete mission
Challenging in a good way. Great culture.
hours are pretty good pay is decent
Decent Pay Decent Hours
Good way to gain high level insight into the business. Gain lots of skills and knowledge.
Flexible plans for students. Great working conditions,
Great pay. No dress code . PT and PTO
Choose your own hours, wonderful customer service opportunities, worked from home.
Break every two hours. Helpful coworkers.
You get lot of challenges and constructive criticism every day to help you improve
Great time off hours that you can use
Exciting technology and programs, if it's new or emerging Amazon seems to be a part of or a leader of emerging tech.
Good pay and good management
My co workers are amazing people. Management is kind and approachable.
Great place to work at
Benefits , average pay, Robots
Really great place to work
benefits, able to work overtime, flexible schedule, breaks and lunch time
They give you benefits and things starting day one
Flexible plans for students. Great working conditions,
Not a terrible job while you’re in school
Opportunity to grow within the company
Scale of projects are incredible.
lots of opportunities to grow and move up
Good salary on par with most tech companies.  Smart engineers
Always guaranteed to work 40 hours a week
Good managers that are generally positive, easy to change schedule at sort centers, easy work just building pallets, they attempt to motivate you, regular breaks same time everyday, HR is helpful once you go to them, they're willing to accommodate you if you actually talk to HR about disabilities and limitations, at my center they don't get on to you much about your scan rates you just stay later if everyone does bad, good work/life balance, shifts in just about every part of day, can work four to six days a week and up to 60 hours during peak times. They're willing to train you if you want to try different roles. If you're trans they'll make sure your treated well and you can report to HR if you have any problems at all and get it taken care of, they want to make sure you're comfortable.
Good benefits, if you take the night shift the payment is better
Love working for amazon it’s a. fast pace job there’s always work. And the atmosphere is always positive. Benefits start from day 1.
Knowing that you work for one on the biggest company in the world.  Good first job, they pretty much accept anybody that apply and theres no interview that you have to worry about. Just pass the background check and you're good.  Pays above minimum wage.
Great working facilities, dog friendly, work with very smart, ambitious colleagues.
Good pay and nice co workers
Salary, tools available, interesting challenges. Really enjoy working with my team. Doing some very cool analytics with a well developed data warehousing team. Lots of tools to help you succeed, and good support to help you learn.
Part Time, Weekly Pay, 4 HR Shifts, Non-Customer contact, a nice job to have to supplement your income.
Good benefits good pay lol
Pay is pretty good. Good quality people.
A Four day Work week
Good culture, fun environment
fast pace, competitive pay rate
Better pay than anywhere else here.
Better pay than anywhere else here.
Great coworkers, good benefits, good pay
Learning: it is a lot of thing going on in AWS and you have to keep up with change.
Job is pretty easy, don't have any problems with the job itself. There is staff that will help if you ask them to. You get paid every Friday. Also you can check a day before to see your paycheck.
Money, and the compensation I received.
Generous vacation and time off package
The best reasons are that you can steal intellectual property from celebrities like Sean Diddy Combs and ordinary people as well.
If you get converted, mostly the PTO (Paid Time Off) and if you work for more than a year they help pay for your school.
Decent pay, you get hours but they’re long
$ money but you work so much the hourly pay is crap anyways .
always had work and trained new employees
Paycheck was very good. Got paid every other week.
Very strong talent to work with. Opportunity to continually learn and grow your career.
Decent pay, immediate medical/dental/vision benefits, decent work/life balance. College benefits and on-site courses. Would recommend for Temp/Holiday work, but it's not for everyone when it comes to Full-Time.
good benefits, and perks .
Stocks, medical benefits. LOA options, some management is great. Opportunity for growth in other departments is greater than my current one.
Employees are given free food and there are activities to do on certain days of the month.
Super collaborative ecosystem - everyone's working on a common goal, and therefore you can seek out people working on completely different parts of the product and discuss their work and / or collaborate. Speaking of my team, they are the nicest bunch of talented scientists.
It's been #1 in Shopping but Amazon has been expanding beyond and growing fast in AWS, Alexa, etc. A truly innovative company that knows how to provide the best experiences to the customers in the right way. Amazon keeps breaking records!  Amazon has a unique culture based on Leadership Principles that encourage employees to be the true owners of whatever you develop for the customers. This is a very solid foundation behind the growth.
Lots of benefits day 1,medical dental vision etc...., Personal paid time off 10 hours when you start and 10 hours unpaid. 4 days on 3 off over nights and weekends give 1$ an hour more 50 cent for one or the other.
Friendly management and coworkers. We work 10 hour shifts so we get 3 day weekends. The work is not stressful.
Pay is pretty good if it’s your first job plus you receive part of their stock
You get great benefits. The pay is pretty good. You can grow and get better positions quickly and easily. My station has great friendly employees ( I have heard horror stories about other stations though) If you become friends with the right people you get a lot more opportunities.
-Great people -learning opportunities -Competitive pay -Overtime pay?
Easy work Good management Amazing people
The company is growing lots of opportunity. Great benefits
Dogs in the office, friendly coworkers
Flex pay at Amazon allows you to increase take home pay easily
Great people, a great work culture
Agile, self driven work environment. Amazon provides right tools and mechanisms for every employee to control their growth. Figure out how to use it. There are many teams that are people/employee driven where you could hit the perfect work life balance.
Benefits with health and disability
good compensation, reputation, innovative, challenging,
Not any pros at Amazon
Great pay, benefits and truly talented peers.
easy to mive up in the company. great pay great benefits all in day 1. pay for your school after a year
Bonuses, people, fun, company picnic, pays good
Smart people on the team.
Obtaining an entry level position is not difficult
-Positive Company Culture -Competitive Compensation/Benefits -Opportunities for internal promotions and career development
I was asking for employment and they gave me a chance
good pay i guess man
not much to mention as a pro
Amazon pays management very well
Good pay, stock is always going up.
You are going to learn a whole lot here.
Ambiguity can mean a lot of opportunity. Amazon is a great place for people who are self driven and self motivated. There is a real effort to increase diversity and to listen to diverse perspectives-- but it's a long road. There is good intent behind a lot of our initiatives but you can still stumble in to pockets that feel like a tech stereotype of tech bros and happy hours. The nice thing about Amazon is that it's such a large place that you can find the community and team you're looking for-- it just might take a few iterations.
Work from home, stocks, bonus
Very safety conscious and good at on-the-job training.
Good work environment and multicultural.
Good it’s good I like it
Great work here and good scope to grow.
You own your destiny. Great compensation. Work with very smart people.
Good opportunity in HR for those that do not have prior HR experience, especially if you willingly and without question drink the koolaid. Amazon prefers to train inexperienced people their way because Amazon is always right (legal or not).
Benefits are very good, insurance, 401K, stock is ok, but since it's so high now, RSU stock is chincy, and even the career choice that is offered. Is really nice. Most of the people who actually do their job, and try to stay positive.
Benefits almost right away. Nice
It pays well and is simple work
good hours good people and good money
Virtual position, being able to work from home
Overall great company to work with, strong EHS team. Wide variety of item to focus on and still have room to make a contribution that will have a positive impact for the networks.
Dense problem sets Some intelligent colleagues Plenty of internal conferences to learn various tools and trades Fun campus events
You stay busy, your benefits start immediately as soon as you start working there, and there are discounts in various things because You are with Amazon.
- Co-Workers are helpful when need be - Pay is Decent
Truly inspiring place to be. Big and growing fast with a work culture for experienced self -starters who know how to make things happen.
Work From Home is definitely a plus, but it is not available for all positions...
I love it.. I love the small shifts and great pay and benefits.
Many opportunities for advancement, and a challenging yet rewarding job experience.
Great opportunity to build experience in warehouse
Pay benefits are good for you
None. Wish I could give 0 star.
Competitive salary, some teams are good.
VTO, 1st day benefits, climate controlled
Great maternity leave Plenty of paid time off and vacation
Great experience to learn about the company's culture and get your foot in the door to start your career. Fun environment to work in and they offer good benefits for both full-time and part-time employees
Flexible schedules, mostly good work environment, growth opportunities
Growth, development, career foundation. You will learn , do, grow, and contribute more in this role than any other "entry level" job.
Great pay, great brand, good offices
You work with a lot of smart people. Decisions are made quickly with very little red tape. Leadership Principles are actually super helpful(you will use them everyday).
Work with best and the brightest, always improving, will really challenge you
Flexible work schedule Nice People Safe place to work
Discount and close to good area.
They pay a little higher than minimum.
Good pay and benefits, immediate hire
Easy and fast to apply and get job.
Lucky if you have cool coworkers to pass the time
You learn A LOT but it's what you make of it. Duties can be very repetitive and can require little thinking if you don't ask the right questions
Culture of aggressive business and technical risk taking, many smart and motivated employees, company has a lot of momentum currently
Ok, love the people.
Very fast paced environment so you always have something to do. They also offer overtime a decent amount of the time.
Free stuff and bonuses every two weeks
Great Pay, Nice Employees, Benefits are okay  Everybody I worked with was extremely nice(I worked on shipdock) My boss was fantastic and she really helped on the front lines with the rest of us.
Stocks best HR team ever
Plenty of opportunities to move up in the company.
Pay, there's room for growth
Management team really takes notice of your value, even when you dont think they do.
Great company culture, leadership principal makes company growing fast.
Flexible scheduling with only a 4 hour per week minimum Talking to customers from all over the country Helpful coworkers Working from home
Decent Pay, lot of options to move within the company for diff role.
The pay is fair & hours are good
Great Benefits, tons of potential for future opportunities, Huge company brand recognition worldwide
Benefits & 2nd lunch break if free (30 minutes)
Amazon provides very good benefits, such as rsu's and medical insurance. Amazon provides a fair amount of training to get you well versed in a number of warehouse processes with very well done streamlined training. It is also probably the safest workplace environment when it comes to a warehouse job.
Managers approachable. Working environment pleasant.
The benefits are great. They pay decent wages.
Pay, there's room for growth
Pretty good I believe is great
stow and pick and ambassador
1. Talented engineers 2. Large scale projects 3. Variety of projects
None. There are no pros for this position.
Working with the latest technology. After about 2 years you can transfer to something else, because Amazon does so much there are many opportunities.
high paid, the chance for internal transfer
The environment is great
The pay for Amazon's warehouse associates is by far the best thing about this place but it also offers great healthcare and an excellent stock program to boot. I've been with Amazon a little over a year and it's a nice break from the customer facing positions I've had. With integrity and diligence, Amazon does promote and train within. I'm trained in most paths within the warehouse and could easily move up if I wanted so having the opportunity for growth is great.  Sidenote: You are going to be so tired and sore from working you may not have time to spend your money. Yeahhh~
Great benefits, good pay, fairly easy job. Somewhat accommodating for personal life events in terms of schedule/shift change requests, etc.
Fast paced, exciting. Many different jobs.
None whatsoever the company has shown only negative aspects.
So far the benefits, the and and off time options are great. So far Management seem awesome especially Karim. It seem fair here.
-Good workout -Great Benefits -Plenty of opportunity to rise up
You can move up in the company
Great pay - Great hours
Very timely. Recruiters have a SLA to respond within 48 hours.
Distribution center. Easy to get hired.
Smart People, strong product ownership.
Free food And t-shirts during prime
Work from home Met great people over the phone
- Above market pay - You get to see how a 400K+ people organization set itself up to move at decent speed - You will learn some new useful management processes that you will take with you for later (they are called mechanisms at Amazon) - relatively manageable office politics and a highly results oriented culture - If you are "talented", working at Amazon is pretty easy on your work life balance
Benefits, stocks, paid time off & vacation (you only get so much)
There's no real pros to working here besides health insurance
The pay is good. People are nice. You get to make your own schedule pretty much.
I picked the days I worked
Excellent benefits, good pay, and many opportunities for career growth.
Some work is better then no work.
Great pay and benefits 401K
The pay is above market, and the health benefits are wonderful
An excellent working experience for new graduates.
- You work from home (remote position) - Shift bidding can work in your favor - Employee Discount
Pay, time off. Amazon shares.
Awesome opportunity to develop soft skills.
Benefits, full time job, 4 day work week
You get paid weekly, they have a listening board for things inside and deal directly with warehouse issues, other than that you're short
Flexible work schedule, available shift
Easy work for time being there Guaranteed at least 30 hours if work isn’t available.
variety of tasks each shift
Pay was good for a college student
Flexibility, focus on one call resolution, caring management, encourage out of box thinking, employee discount
Good benefits lots of extracurricular/educational options with fellow employees.
Not Many- love the fast pace, innovation but cons surly outweigh the pros
The hours are good if you need something mid day.
market pay good stock price if you could get it
Great pay, great people, understanding management
Good pay and days off
Good people, with great personalities. Some managers can be great and caring.
Moving fast Working with smart and hard-working people
Not bad compensation, good work/life balance (depends on team though)
Excellent pay rate. I make almost twice as much.
Carefully selected employees mean you're working with people with strong characters and diligent work experience
Good starting wage Easy application process
It's a job. It pays.
Flexible hours and extra cash
Opportunities for experience and learning new skills.
Your safety is very important to them they supply everything you need to do your job and nice people to work with
Pay is every week, steady hours
3 day weekend. PTO. Stock. Health benefits.
Wonderful people including managers and co workers.
Hours, pay, fast paced so time goes by sort of quickly, don't have to go to someone to get a day off or wait for it to get approved as long as you have UPT, vacation or PTO it is all up to you how you want to use it all, tons of different ways on how you can voice your opinion
Garunteed work. Sometimes you meet cool people.
Benefits are great and the compensation is better than competition.
Medical insurance from day 1. 3 days off
Offers health insurance soon as you start.
They offer school accommodations, great benefits, they promote inside, stock options, match 401k, career choice, paid time off, unpaid time off , paid vacation time
Working from home is convenient
Good Pay, Smart People, Lots of freedom
The benefits are the only thing good but Glassdoor wanted five words.
Amazing individuals and places you get to travel for work
as a trans guy, it's GREAT to find a workplace that stresses the importance of using my right name and pronouns and a certain level of respect for everyone there. much of the management is friendly and hr seems to be pretty great. they will also make accommodations for anyone with a disability, provided you and your doctors can provide the proper documentation.
Helping people, office setting is perfect. People I work with staff is awesome
It has its full benefits and guaranteed 40 hours. Plus a good base pay. If you need money it’s a good place to work at, but if you don’t like labor and long hours then this is not for you.
Great people to work with
Good company and nice benefits
Cutting edge fast paced work environment
You'll have a chance to do huge things. If you have the right manager and team, you will learn a lot fast and have a great time.
You'll have a chance to do huge things. If you have the right manager and team, you will learn a lot fast and have a great time.
Why two stars when there are almost too many pros to list? Amazon is absolutely worth working for, if only for at least 18 months (less than that just isn't a full dose), because you'll likely never find an environment with this much intensity, rigor, and diligence. And the people--smart. Unfailingly smart, at every level. Few companies think bigger, too, this is a vital part of the culture, and one of the best. You'll always have a chance to think more expansively and imaginatively, and while it may not go anywhere people do appreciate it.
I enjoy the banana stand in the mornings.
weekly pay free hot chocolate and 15 minute break
Flexibility, compensation, the incredibly smart people you work with, and the ability to switch roles if you want to move on
pay, 4 day work week
Good Work Culture and friendly managers
one pro would be the money
Compensation is higher then comparable companies Strong "Team" mentality, you will depend on your hourly associates and their success is also yours. Fairly good amount of RSUs (Stocks), however as others said the vesting period takes a while (only 5% vested after year 1)
Excellent pay when most MARYLAND JOBS START AT 10.10 NOW AS OF 07/18
Love the extra overtime, as well as the holiday pay. Love how they give us 3 option on how we want our days off if we dont want to go in on our schedule shifts, for example they have Unpaid Time Off (UPT: which they give you 10 hours to start off with when your hired on and 20 more upt every 3 months, Pay Time Off (PTO: everyone will start off with 10 PTO and you get 3.** hours added on every pay period which is every 2 weeks) and Voluntary Time Off (VTO: they will send you notification to see if you want to stay home on the day your off or if you want to go home early but it wont effect you at all). I love the great benefit they provide and I love the pay. Its not that great but its better then the other company around my area.
Easy to add sales to my website. Easy to navigate through the sales and promotions.
Flexibility in work arrangements. Opportunity for personal career growth and development. Learning options are limitless. Work culture and environment fosters global engagement and fun place to work. Striving for company improvement is achieved by using the employee to provide feedback and process improvements. Provides individual contribution and ownership accounting for a general sense of pride in the work done, with additional recognition to continue the motivation!
I work with amazing friendly people, and I learn something new every day. Horizontal communication structure. Fast paced, great exercise, and weight loss. Good benefits, Career Choice development program after 1 year, and own company shares after 2 years. Free Leadership training course. Upward movement can take a minimum of 1 year.
Full time. Good pay.
Great benefits wonderful Co workers great opportunities
Great benefits, btw, they start on day one. Only work 4 days a week. Fun and fast paced
You work with very bright smart people. The pay is good, the happy hours are fun, the ability to bring your dog to work is a big positive.
Team is united in a shared goal of being better than everyone else.
Good working life balance so far
If you are hired as an l4 or above you will be given a great starting wage and RSUs.
Has the Benefits Offers 401 K Gives personal hours and offers career classes
* Improved work life balance in recent years * More diverse problems to work: e-commerce, voice assistant, distributed systems, cloud scale * Access to smart and senior talent * Opportunities to change career for engineers to management, technical program management etc. * Stock growth has been amazing, which is also the only reason why so many people continue to be with the company.
flexible hours, easy work, lots of benefits
Experience Resume builder Employee stock Internal mobility
Good places for new people to get started on their career
Good pay, excellent co-workers, benefits
get to work on strategic projects
Great benefits for Full-time employees. 4 days a week.
Benefits are amazing Positive Attitude Multiple ways to progress
They pay better than certain places.
Great benefits, competitive pay, word.
Benefits day one! Medical, dental, vison, 401k, vacation, holiday and personal paid time from day 1! Great fun people
You get to work from home, so there’s no commute. Management to HR are amazing people.
Benefits Pay Ability to relocate easily
competitive salary, great benefits, pay for relocation
Savvy mgt, good people, relevant technologies & work.
They do their best to keep they employees
Environment, pace, frequency of change, and culture.
friendly ambience. Flat hierarchy makes us employees comfortable
Innovative, Top Talent, RSU, Ownership
Benefits 3 Days Off a Week Good work out Everything is simple and straightforward, so easy to learn
Great starting pay and the ability to get raises very quickly. Full training in all areas are offered and if your willing to work hard and sweat everyday for 10 hours a day, 4 days a week, then this is the job for you.
Benefits, above minimum wage
Amazon stock shares. Networking. Ability to own your operations
I've been at Amazon for a month now, and I've seen none of the horror stories being communicated to the public, although Amazon is a large enough company that I'm sure there are good pockets and bad pockets. Everyone here is really smart, and wants to succeed both personally, and as a company. People collaborate and help each other, focus on data, and truly focus on the customer. Every company I've ever worked for …
Solid pay and good environment
Great learning experience, a lot of ownership, develops skills
Great tools, cool impact, challenging problems
Very flexible hours and scheduling
easy quick way to make money as a college student.
not much really, ha ha
good pay, good benefits, lots of pto and upt
Lots of time off with pay Insurance on day 1
Fast Paced. Always Changing
Opportunity to learn a lot, looks good on resume
Very flexible, work from home leadership position. Lots of communication and ability to engage. Wonderful culture and can do attitudes.
Great benefits. Lots of employee engagement. Lunches, activities, ways to provide positive feedback. Regular review cycle and pay increases. Lots of opportunities to transfer teams.
If you work hard, you will do fine. They allow you to think outside the box and work on projects/ideas if they will be beneficial.
As a Software development manager at Amazon, I enjoy coming to work everyday knowing that my team's efforts are having a significant impact on the world's largest e-commerce site. I am talking in the xxx million dollar per year range. There is a lot of latitude in choosing how to work and the direction of your product. Every person I have met so far is quite bright and enjoyable to work with. Compensation is great especially compared to the broader, more legacy IT companies.
Great company to work for interesting challenge
Great place full of really smart people
Everyone has a to do attitude and creates an awesome vibe. Management is not involved in day to day decisions and you are encouraged to take ownership.
- Flexible work schedule to get work done - Dogs - Great people
Very friendly managers that are willing to help you grow in or outside the company
It's fast paced. Pay isn't amazing but it better than most. Well, based on my past experience at least.
Competitive wage Free bus cards Controlled temperature system
You might meet a good boss.
The employees are great people. Most with try work together to be more efficient to care.
Did a great job of corporate orientation with several days in one of their newest sites.
work is efficient, easy to do
Management cares about their people.
People are smart, hardworkers, and a competitive environment.
Decent Salary, Great Place to Work (if you like Amazon build system, and culture)
Benefits and 401k are great and pay rate also and great people to work with all day long and different departments and all team leaders
Good pay, no dress code, fun work environment
Great Pay & benefits were great but the stock option wont be paid out as they find a way to not let you vest
The benefits are great if you can stick it out for a year you can use them. Four 10hr days is a unique schedule and works well with this job. Easy work.
Three days off Good benefits Easy work
PTO starts on day one. Insurance starts day one.
Good starting salary, great benefits, paid vacations, paid personal time.
They pay well. There are a lot of opportunities. There is a lot to learn and get experience from
Fast moving work culture with a lot of technology and products. Team collaboration with smart and hard working people from all backgrounds. Good pay and reasonably good benefits.
Choosing own hours and working from home
Moving fast Cannot think of other good points
Amazon is a nice environment. There are a lot of opportunities to grow. It’s a great in-between job.
The benefits are one of the best. They start day one. The health, dental, and vision is really good while the cost of them isn't high at all. You get a lot of time off options as well. The people I worked with were all really friendly and helpful.
decent money, discounts, paid holidays
They pay was somewhat decent.
the pay . get your money go home
Good benefits and ok pay
It was a great environment, fantastic management.
They do have great benefits
In the beginning it was amazing to be a part of this great team but everything became really numbers driven where they really did not care about the employee experience.
Jobs functions are not that hard
Great benefits, big brand name & high Stock values.
It's new so it is still good
I transitioned from the military to corporate America two years ago when my son was born, and to be honest I really missed the culture of brotherhood in the military.  THEN I came to Amazon and it feels like being home. The work is challenging but I have never felt that I am in it alone because my brothers and sisters (peers) are always there to help. My GM and Senior OPS team have set an amazing culture and I am truly looking forward to Working Hard, Having Fun, and Making History with Amazon for the years to come.
Great opportunity. No mater what level you can have an impact. Good pay, benefits, stock grants.
Good benefits very professional with future
Lot's of benefits and decent pay for those without college education
Set Schedule, Vacation Time, Paid Time Off and Good Benefits
The health benefits, 3 days off instead of 2
I worked at the fulfillment center for the summer, and it was a great experience. Working in the outbound department, I had very friendly and understanding team members, leaders, and management. Since they're set up as Four days off, three days off, I never felt overwehlmed when working there. After 90 days, they offered to hire me as a regular associate rather than just a seasonal employee, and subsequently that's when you're eligible to recieve an amazing benefit package. I personally loved the company culture there, in a way I looked forward to stand-up at the beginning of shifts and after lunch becasue everyone was always so upbeat and friendly. They definitely expect a lot out of you, but my team was very understanding and looked to correct my mistakes, rather than condone them. The only reason I left was because school started again, while they were open and willing to work around my class schedule, I ultimately turned it down because my courseload was too much for me to handle. While I can't speak for other locations, I personally had a great experience and highly recommend working for Amazon.
Good work. Good vision. Good people.
Over all great paying job.
Great benefits but soooo much walking.
-Positive atmosphere and encouraging management -Good pay -Paid-Time off and Volunteered-Time off options
alright pay for a 10 hour shift
Pretty good pay, pretty good time off policy
Large company, room for growth, relocation opportunities
Great benefits, stock, and two half hour breaks,
good pay, nice bonus first 2 years 4 days on 3 days off (except peak when they staff you even though it is unnecessary so long as each manager can do their job and handle their business. )
Great employees, good hours good managers
I transitioned from the military to corporate America two years ago when my son was born, and to be honest I really missed the culture of brotherhood in the military.  THEN I came to Amazon and it feels like being home. The work is challenging but I have never felt that I am in it alone because my brothers and sisters (peers) are always there to help. My GM and Senior OPS team have set an amazing culture and I am truly looking forward to Working Hard, Having Fun, and Making History with Amazon for the years to come.
Pay Excess hours Nothing Making me write words
-Pay for a recent college graduate was very nice -Nice health insurance benefits -Nice start for recent college graduates to gain some leadership experience -Many great fellow area managers and smart, motivated people in Seattle (will meet them if you get the opportunity to work on major projects)
Looks great on your resume for future endeavors
Innovative and agile. Never a dull moment
Only real positive is a 4 day work week so I can spend the most time with my kid while still working full time
Solid hours, with plenty opportunity for overtime/extra time. Good help and leadership from peers, NOT managers.
Pay, 2 day work days. Get paid every week.
Money is good, 3 day schedule
Benefits, several schedules to choose from if you like night shifts
Very competent, customer-focused company that does a lot of things right. Quite fast-paced, which can be exciting.
Business is rapidly growing globally with lots of hiring needs
Night Shift, 4 ten hr shifts, stocks, benefits
Great opportunity to develop well rounded skills
Learn a lot and get exposure to various different fields
A lot of freedom in the decision when you can leave work if you have need some personal time or have an emergency and the benefits are awesome.
Learn a lot and get exposure to various different fields
The company and culture is great, pay is a little lower than competitors (regular employees). Bring your dog, Nerf gun, and beer to work.
Schedules are 4 days per week with 10 hour days. My night schedule allows me to have 4 days off per week
*Competitive pay and good benefits *Growing company open to change and innovation *Inclusive
Four day work schedule, okay pay for flex and delivery service provider drivers.
Independence, you learn how to deal with ambiguity, there are endless opportunities for self-development, strong emphasis on leadership principles, focus on objective data can make any employee regardless of level be heard, great overall compensation
Good health insurance and pto/vacation, raise every six months, you get stocks after 2 years
The managers try to ask you how you're doing
-Diverse -Decent pay -Many company events -Good work experience
Benefits and some more words since I couldnt submit it without extra stuff
Fast paced, shifts go quickly. Room for growth/advancement.
Fast paced environment. Plenty of opportunity to find a team and org that works for you. Multiple managers have allowed me to dedicate time towards projects specifically aimed at career growth and advancement.
Fast pace environment Room to grow
there is opportunity for ownership, invent, scale
Work with very smart folks, has a startup feel for the teams I worked with. The pay is great if you are willing to stay for 2-4 years and realize your full sign on bonus and stock grants.
Few hours working Easy job
Lots of opportunity to advance, great pay/benefits
I liked the people I worked
I’ve been at Amazon for 2 years, 11 months, and 30 days (or so Phone Tool tells me) and it has been amazing. Amazon has been a great fit for me after transitioning from the military. I’m on my third role after switching business units to help launch a new building. Amazon isn’t for everyone but neither is Facebook, Google, Microsoft, the military or any other company.  I get to wear shorts to work.  Total compensation rocks.  work hard. have fun. make history.
Awesome benefits package and competitive pay.
Benefits, stocks, will pay for college, and other perks
Flexible hours, fair pay, meet good people, managers are friendly.
Hourly compensation for leads with generous time off options if balanced correctly. Good entry level leadership experience for people with no educational background.
Insurance. You get it on day one but make sure you understand the package you are signing up for. It can cost you big if you don't.
Pay is great Fun collegial atmosphere Encouragement to be thoughtful, build your own role, invent Work life balance Merit-based promotions
Good place to work in
Innovative company, fast-growing, and interesting work
You get a monthly bonus for showing up.
There aren't any pros to working at Amazon... It all sucks!!!
incredible innovation and company growth
*Extremely flexible schedule *Get to work from home anytime *Great team *Good atmosphere to be in *Collaborative environment, open to new ideas
Good company with great people.
good working environment, great benefits
It was fast paced environment.
good career and learning opportunities
people are nice and good environment
Will hire you immediately. Offers benefits.
benefits were good. medical, dental, vision. pay pto prizes contest
Peculiar is the word. Amazon's culture takes time to sink in, but once it does, nothing beats it.
Love it, everyone is happy. Nobody yells or causes intimidation, the environment is quite the opposite. Starting pay is $11.75. Training is pretty straight forward and nobody fails. I've never seen a job before where they put an employee's needs first. I do enjoy showing up for work everyday. Most of the time you get to work alone so work gossip doesn't really exist. Piercings, visible tattoos, and colored hair is accepted.
Love it, everyone is happy. Nobody yells or causes intimidation, the environment is quite the opposite. Starting pay is $11.75. Training is pretty straight forward and nobody fails. I've never seen a job before where they put an employee's needs first. I do enjoy showing up for work everyday. Most of the time you get to work alone so work gossip doesn't really exist. Piercings, visible tattoos, and colored hair is accepted.
Schedule works for people - decent days off
Good pay, medical benefits, additional money and gift cards
Best Company to show case talents and Completely customer obssessed
Great work/life balance - a lot different than what many people think!
There are intelligent people everywhere you look which you can learn from. By taking on projects you can gain experience outside of your normal job function. Great to have on a resume for future opportunities outside the company.
Scale, products, innovation. People do love thinking big
Discounts on Amazon products Active lifestyle
It's a fast moving company. Technical problems are challenging and exciting.
Great benefits, guarantee 40 hrs per week.
Good pay and good benefits
If you fall behind while working in stow department, the Good! Thing is they have assigned worker's to go around and assist other employees in catching up.
They are "innovative". I'll give Amazon delivery that much.
Great Pay, Autonomy, Flexible Schedules, Easy promotions from within after 6-12 months
Good place to have fun and learn
Like being in a startup that is stable and amazing: you have total ownership of your services, you are running fast, lots of smart people around you, you solve tough problems every hour, most of which have never been solved, you focus on customers more than anything else and you go home feeling your personal contribution actually helped those customers value your company better.
All pros, there are no cons
I have been working for this company for three weeks. The Most of people seem to be very friendly and nice. According to when I have experiences. Among the working, whenever I have questions and any problems, I just asked my co-workers to many different questions . how to use to the scanner , which items do these put .. . they always can help me out nicely . The security guiders are helpful to give me direction , open the entrance door and locker for me when I was struggling with losing.
Fast pace, opportunity to develop and promote.
Pay, Benefits, and co-workers were very talented
Part-time allows for a lot of flexiblity
benefits, they could work with your school schedule
Interesting projects, pretty good pay, decent healthcare, flexible hours, ability to work from home.
Benefits, Decent pay, Time off
It's a good company to work. They value their employees. Good benefits, lot more scope for promotions
Super intelligent colleagues. Fast paced culture. Great learning opps
I love my team, I get to be creative, and am able to work from home when needed
Always growing, great benefits and work hours.
Great pay and great benefits
Great work place. No targets. A friendly work environment
Get paid to become more physically fit, AMZL managers, for the most part, at least seemed to appreciate employees as there were numerous pizza and treat opportunities, at least on the shifts I worked on, can pick shifts that work best for you.
Smart people, cool tech and great pay
Set shifts Managers are awesome
Provide jobs, at a fair wage
good hours,environment safe,helpful associates,benefits,good pay
Decent pay, fast paced, 4 day work week.
The atmosphere is almost always good and the people are so much fun to work with!
Amazon has lots of opportunity outside of the company
They offer great benefits. They pay for education.
Good benefits especially health insurance.
I could work overtime if I wanted to. I was off three days a week. You get one big break and two small breaks.
Surrounded by smart, driven people all with strong problem solving capabilities and "get it done" approach.
-Smart people -Direct influence on your business -Relevance and opportunity
Provide a great platform for growth and autonomy. A lot of smart and passionate individuals really wanted to make a difference.
infrastructure, smart coworkers, up to date tech
It’s AMAZON! What else do you need to know?
* End to end ownership
Its a very laid back place to work with room for growth.
The pay was decent, good training, and was fairly easy
No real interview to get hired. Walk in fill out I-9 and background check drug test and if you pass those you are hired. Onboarding was ok but it bit confusing. The "Trainers" on the second night need to be more positive and up beat. Over all the "HR" team did great, just need to look at the trainers and their skill sets
Good pay and some fun employees
They offer great benefits. They pay for education.
Fast-paced learning environment Challenging Great Compensation Rewarding Management Experience
Benifits, starting pay, always work to be done, easy interview
Actually really cooperative management, good teamwork.
Smart people around, very interesting projects
Challenging atmosphere, bar is high amongst management, encouraged to be curious and to learn in a fast paced environment. Dress code!
Good company to work for
Culture Opportunity Growth Good Pay
+ Working with advanced networking technologies + Open code to give input on anything you believe can increase efficiency + Good automation opportunities + Good wages +Good work-life balance in contrast to a lot of -ve comments on the net +Ability to move to different roles
Teams with different technical focus to choose from.
Good pay , raise after 3 months
Overtime flexible schedule cool paid break
Weekly Pay Coworkers friendly Management very helpful
The money was good, you only work four days straight and then have four days off consecutively.
Benefits are pretty good for your work!
great bias for action, lot of options and freedom to move around functions
Very informal place to work. If you are there long enough, they offer tuition assistance to learn a career.
Good Paid Time Off Though.
The benefits are great, and they'll hire anyone, they say you can't have any felonies and you have to have a GED or diploma but they don't check. Trust me...
Great pay, Relaxed Environment, Fun events.
“Get to” work for Amazon.
Great starting pay, full benefits day 1, forklift on the job training
Flexibility, schedule, benefits 1st day
Great leadership experience with a great supporting team
Nice challenging work environment, lots of opportunities to innovate, full job responsibility and ownership of project, product feature, code.
- High profile products - Smart and fun coworker - Interesting tech and customer experience problems - Nice office and equipment (laptop, standing desk, snack) - Good salary and signing bonus
Very Flexible, pick your own schedule, some friendly people.
Lots of authority to make decisions and make a difference Fantastic amount of opportunities
Great time off policy... mandatory overtime during Christmas
-Large company with opportunity to grow -Competitive pay with stock options -Opens a lot of doors for networking
Like to work,team environment,overtime,location and pay
Days off and benefits are decent
Health benefits , commuter benefits, front end training so job is not difficult after first couple months
Ship things customers want.
Good benefits. Unpaid time off, paid time off and vacation. Able to take personal leaves with no explanation. Gift cards during peak and some shifts get pay raises. Part time work has a shift differential for pay. Free coffee. Diversity. Lax dress code. Don't have to deal with costumers. AC. AM Care for injuries. Breast feeding room. Quiet room/prayer room
Medical insurance benefits. Stocks after 2 years of employment.
The cutting edge technology and the ecosystem that uses AWS is second to none. The leadership principles are powerful if used well with the right people leaders. The RSUs are incredible, the pay okay but not great.
Schedule, benefits, employees and location
Employee shops for food, though a bit pricey. Free ice, coffee and hot chocolate. Tends to be a lot of give aways for doing your job. Your voice has weight if you are willing to put in the footwork even as a new employee. Amcare...first aid services on sight.
The flexible schedule and close proximity to where I used to live were good.
rsu stocks, benefits, college paid at almost 100%
Good hours. They give you free coffee and tea.
You are challenged every day to bring your “A game.”
Competitive salary, just enough perks
Love my team. High-impact and challenging resume-building projects.
Lots of opportunity to innovate. Encouraged to take ownership. Greater mentoring by senior leadership. Great team culture.
Fast paced, job opportunity, new technology, great experience
Payed time off is good
1. Option to choose a flexible schedule 2. Great managers 3. Constant training 4. Great values
benefits, own your own time
Good benefits, health, dental, vision
pay, free lunch/snacks sometimes, great coworkers
Besides the managers that in my experience have been difficult to work under, Amazon is a great place to work for. Most people will complain about the things they signed up for. Yes, it does get hot. Wear thin, breathable clothing. Shorts and tank tops are allowed. Get a water bottle and fill it with ice. They have ice machines in the break rooms and water coolers every where. Yes, you’re standing for 10-12 hrs. Get you a pair of new balance shoes or invest in some really good inserts for your shoes. You get a break every four hours. Two 30 min and one 15 min. It takes me two min to walk to break room, not ten like people say. If you haven the worked a labor job before I wouldn’t recommend it. But mostly everything people comeolain about is written out before you even apply. It’s literally in the description of the job. Things like mandatory overtime during peak season from November-January. Everyone has to comeback in 5 days a week until peak is over. That’s 60hrs a week which sucks, but honestly during Christmas, a check every two weeks saying $1,400 isn’t bad. Plus you can win gift cards, TVs, PlayStations and other things just for attendance and or meeting rate.  Benefits are great. I pay $16 for having both medical and vision for blue cross. I get discounts for pet insurance with nationwide, discounts with sketchers, wineries, cruises, Disney, Apple and a lot of other places. When you make a year at Amazon they offer to pay 95% of your tuition for any high demand career.
Benefits from Day 1, Four day work week, Work a schedule that fits your lifestyle, A lot of opportunity to grow, Online employee hub that makes everyone's life easier
Room and opportunity for advancement for those willing to put in the ground work.
Nice time off. Good benefits
great people and environment with creatvity
able to work from home
4 days on. 3 days off Reasonable pay for what you are doing. Fun times Benefits and perks
Working with exceptionally bright people who get things done.
It was a stable job that wasn’t going anywhere
You meet cool Tier 1 and Tier 3 associates
Management was professional and treated employees fairly.  Managers listened to feedback from employees.  Lots of opportunities to train others and be a leader.  Something new always happens everyday.  Culture was laid back.
Smart People, high standards, flexible time and work places, exciting projects, openness and ability to speak up. Plus always a strong focus on customer service.
Super easy work, friendly coworkers.
Great benefits Stock Good Culture Knowledgeable management
I love the get it done culture and the opportunity to work with some of the most wonderful and talented people.
Great company - Great Wages- Awesome Benefits- Awesome culture
Meaningful project Job autonomy Engaging work Flexible Hours Great Benefits Generous compensation
Stock give for each year are employed.
I love the ability to work from home. The hours are convenient and flexible.
Amazon talks-the-talk & walks-the-walk for customer obsession, personal growth, & making history. Amazon is very forward-thinking, supportive, exciting, and genuinely cares for its employee while focusing on customer obsession. Not once has Amazon denied the needs of my personal life. Amazon is concerned for the whole person & understands a motivated & loyal employee provides the best success for our customers. Amazon understands people and therefore understands business.
Cutting edge technology, always learn something new
Work from home was great
Plenty of opportunity for lateral movement
good benefits and career opportunities
good pay for a seasonal job
Working with exceptionally bright people who get things done.
people can learn a lot of things
good pay for a seasonal job
people can learn a lot of things
Benefits, time off, work-life balance
Ok pay. Bezos has great vision.
Its typical warehouse work (dont expect typical warehouse pay though shoot for 4-6$ below that norm) 40-60 hours a week, 4-5 days on and 2-3 days off. They have AC. They have a parking lot. Its a job if you need one so desperately.
Benefits and the amount of possible overtime and time off is amazing
I get to work with robots! How cool is that :) The people I interact with on a daily basis are amazing, they're family. The work atmosphere is upbeat, energetic, positive, driven and definitely innovative! I look forward to each and every day at Amazon. Life here is good, very good!
Salary is good pay for the work
Amazon has provided me with a wonderful opportunity to grow and develop. I have never been apart of a team that truly promoted each others growth as much as I have here. Ideas are taken seriously, ambitions are heard, and goals are in reach.
Incredible solution set. Wonderfully customer centric approach. Built into every we do in the account management team.
Super flexible, great for moms
Idk, experience? brand name on your resume?
full time job and benefits
Benefits and good career opportunities
The main pro about the reserve customer service associates is the flexibility and the ability to make your own schedule as well as to work from your home.
ZERO Honestly absolutely nothing.
1) Risk taking and new ideas are strongly encouraged. 2) Treated like an adult, freedom to do you job as you know how, not micro-managed. You are given reins to excel. 3) Stock incentives and sign-on bonuses fantastic (but salary only so-so) 4) Everyone here is outstanding -- helpful, engaged, whip smart. You will think to yourself "How did they let me in here?" 5) Very strong focus on customers and making their businesses better. It is a winning formula, as evidenced by tremendous growth of AWS. 6) Strong culture of the Leadership Principles (Google it). They are lived every day. If you want to win a debate/discussion with other employees, remind them how their position is not in keeping with a specific LP. Works almost every time. 7) Huge career opportunities. AWS is growing so fast, we have hundreds of openings. Moving around is supported.
Decent pay and hours , benefits.
-Challenging projects -Very smart people -Flexible
Great associates, plenty of work.
Great benefits, 401k, and time off.
- Most coworkers are passionate and energetic - Exposed to new technologies
-competitive pay -fun work environment -amazing health insurance
Great work and awesome pay
The technology infrastructure is absolutely fantastic! The build, deploy, collaborate, monitor and operate tools are just the best! The heart and soul of what makes AWS is at the tip of your fingertips --- fully visible, hackable and readable.  I like to think of Amazon as being the smallest big company. The org structure is highly decentralized to the point where variance in team processes, culture and even budget for lunch is different everywhere.  But underneath it all is the exact same leadership principles that guide everybody. Even to the point where other companies in the world have in one way or another straight out copied Amazon's leadership principles! Why wouldn't they! It's the best way to run a company.
Pros: good benefits lots of resources mobility great opportunities for career growth flexible work schedule and ability to work from home (depending on role) you are trusted to do your work working with advanced technologies working with brilliant people and top industry leaders
A great part time job
Excellent experience on the ship dock, was appointed dock captain for amazon in edison fast learner and cross trainer.
Stock, Health Insurance, and looks good on your resume.
Good work good place to work
-They pay you. Not well, but they have never missed a paycheck.
Independent, fast paced, you own your growth, surrounded by really smart folks, always learning, flexible all around.
I'm a mother of 3 boys so my schedule is kinda hectic. But Amazon allows a flexible work schedule so I can make sure I am always available for my children. Amazon is my home away from home. If I'm not "Home with my children", I'm "Home with Amazon". I love the fun and interactive ways to help people whether its helping them find the perfect dress for that special night out, or helping someone who doesn't know how to shop online place their first order. Every day is a learning experience and I LOVE that!
Everyone at Amazon (from my experience) is encouraged to be an owner. I have had the opportunity to drive highly impactful projects in recruiting, participate in experiments, create new processes, facilitate trainings, etc. There is so much to get involved in! Management encourages taking risks - if you have a good idea and can back it up with data, go for it! If it fails, fail fast and move onto the next big idea.
There is a ton of Autonomy. You will be able to influence policy, standard, process, etc. It is always Day 1 so "it has always been done that way" does not handcuff you from making real change.
Getting to work with some of the smartest and most talented people I've ever met. Making lifelong friends with my team. Being challenged daily to be the best I can be. Working on a wide variety of tasks. Excellent pay and benefits. Sense of pride working for a company I believe is making the world better.
Good pay Great health benefits Good time off/vacation policy Flexibility
Get flexibility and great enivornment
Decent pay for the work.
1. Great Software development work at AWS. 2. Intelligent teammates.
great compensation with stock RSU's
Good money, good benefits, good food choices for catering during lunch.
Decent benefits and cool coworkers.
Autonomy good feedback good managers
Work from home, flexible schedule, time off, benefits, manager and team support, culture and management principles, ownership, innovative, tools and resources at fingertips
Good benefits. Good pay.
Amazon hires leaders who think/act like owners. If you are ambitious and have high degree of ownership Amazon is the place for you. Every team runs like startups and most of the decisions are made by the team members. Basically bottomup management.
Cutting edge technology, Smart people to work, exposure to large scale distributed technologies, fun place to work
Customer Focussed, Ownership, One of the best salary in the industry.
Best of both worlds and all at home
If you are a motivated self-starter that thrives in a fast paced, fast change, innovative environment, this is a great place to pursue a career. There are vast resources to support your professional growth and career development. If you are a military veteran, there are targeted programs for hiring and career advancement. Lastly and equally important, there are vast resources for social networking, creating fun both at and away from work.
My number one reason for working for Amazon is the benefits. Not just the killer health, vision, and dental. Oh, no, no no no. The stocks, the 401K, the paid time off, the vacation time, all the employee resources, the career and personal development. Not to mention the amazing people you're going to meet along the way. Plus you get to be a part of a company that does so much for technological development, as well as local and global communities. It's something to be proud of. :)
I love working here because of the people. I feel like a different person every 90 days because of the personal and professional growth working at this company. The leadership principles tie everyone across the company together. They are used in emails, meetings, papers, etc. and its the secret sauce that allows Amazon to be successful in multiple industries, AWS, TV/Movies, fulfillment, customer service etc.
Amazon is a fast paced environment that challenges you to think outside of the box and challenge the status quo. Dealing with ambiguity and bias for action are two of the most important leadership strengths that will allow you to be successful. Amazon also allows you the opportunity to switch career paths to further your individual development. Overall, Amazon is an amazing company to work for and you truly can see your impact on a day to day basis.
Very smart people all around me Fun environment Openness to trying new methods and tools Flexible hours as long as you get your work done Free snacks and beverages (didn't get that at prior CPG companies!) Management trusts us
I'm working with smart people all the time, every day.
Great benefits, monthly incentive bonuses.
Amazon is truly a cutting edge place to be. It's exciting to be in on all the newest, amazing things Amazon is doing, testing things no one else can even know exist, being a part of a great American company that puts small businesses on the map. It feels good.
The co workers there are super nice. Fast pace work place.
Decent checks & easy job
Job is easy as it gets and simple
- RSUs (part of the salary is in stock, backdated 2 years) - smart people
Work from home, great team, good benefits and bonuses
Associates, stocks, hours, skills, experience
amazon deposits money into my bank account every month
Lots of growth opportunities within the company
Amazon offers the ability to switch teams pretty much at will so if you get bored you can find a new challenge.
Benefits, competitive entry level pay, location
the pay is nice in the beginning, while they actually honor it before they start deciding not to count hours that you work.
very good people, positive, help you job done
If you're not currently in the best shape of your life, one of two things will happen. 1. You will soon be in the best shape of your life 2. Your body will explain daily how this may not be the job for you  The leadership is always friendly and the company is AMAZING to work for, but come prepared to work!
Health insurance and benefits, 401k, and a stable work schedule (excluding July, and October to December) If you want a steady job, and are okay with extremely repetitive tasks, this is a good position.
was alright tbh, nothing too bad
There is potential of company growth
Part-time, work from home was pretty nice. Make your own shift. Take off when you need if you have the hours to take. I got 20 hours every 3 months to take off whenever I needed. No calling in. Plus, there was plenty of VTO posted every week, so you can take those hours if they're posted and not have to work.
* Smart people, especially on the front lines and in line management * Cool problems * Relatively high level of autonomy, transparency * Values scrappiness, data savvy * Relatively less organizational politics than places of similar size * Great place to be a woman in early career, I am assessed based on my capabilities far more than my gender. This may not be as true in the FCs as it is in corporate HQ. * Jeff B, for all his lack of empathy on Twitter, is a brilliant business leader and refuses to let the organization get complacent or over-bureaucratic. That's a tendency of large organizations and he checks it and pushes Jeff W to correct for it much faster than other leaders. I fundamentally deeply trust his ability to keep us on track.
Super smart people, great campus, good extracurricular activities/speakers, lots of ownership, always learning, easy to switch teams
A lot of things work differently in Amazon compared to other companies. You are encouraged to ask hard questions, push back with leadership and not tow the line. Easy to change roles and teams. Innovation and ideas are respected. You learn everybody, due to the smart group of people you interact with.
They have great benefits and coverage including vision and dental that you pay very little for
* Smart people, if you choose the right team. So don't go by "sexy" tech, just a good manager, good engineers and good business team.  * Decent pay. Less than other big companies, but more than smaller ones, especially considering the stock part (you have to be patient to get it)  * Interesting technology. The scale of the systems is astonishing, and the design patterns and practices for distributed systems an engineer can learn are invaluable. But don't expect it on the lower levels of the software (see cons).  * There are opportunities to learn business side of things, soft skills etc, if you are up for it and have a good team. You kind of need to understand the business and the customer to be competent in what you are building. Less so for tech stuff (see cons)
i cant think of any
Culture is amazing and very unique to rest of the industry. Dynamism which creates room for continuous innovation and new opportunities to cease. Truly a customer-eccentric company which challenges one to maintain high performance bar.
Comfortable attire and fun fast pace place to work. Innovative and always changing!
It's a great company to grow.
Continuous Learning as culture, Opportunity to make big impact and Very nimble culture.
Good pay, great time off system
Its a job, easy to get hired on when you need something fast. Amazing benefits.
Good pay Great benefits Spacious Very Diverse fun place to work very understanding people willing to help with any situation
Stable and secure Good management team Friendly environment
Great Pay, 12 an hour in this state is not that bad
I absolutely love that you can pretty much create your own career path here. You are never tied down to one specific role or any specific lane. Your peers are truly partners and everyone helps each other when needed.  The work/life/balance is fantastic. You get a ton of PTO and the benefits are amazing.  The culture here is very much a work hard, play harder type of environment. The managers are always making things fun and it really makes work enjoyable.  Not to mention that it is very much an "open door" type environment. It doesn't matter if you have worked here for one week or 5 years, you can go directly to the Director's office and ask questions or just chat.
Amazon provides an abundance of self-development opportunities. On a weekly basis, whether you are new or experienced in your role, you are able to participate in voluntary learning sessions that build your skillset.  Continuous innovation exists at all levels. Ideas are heard and implemented. In my tenure, I have never seen a stagnant organization or department. Process are constantly improved and innovated.
Highly intelligent coworkers, the Amazon Way of communicating and strategy, interesting projects and people who have passion for their work, animals, and their coworkers
Smart people Lots of opportunity Supportive culture
Amazon is the most efficient large company I've seen (through 20 years of my career). It's more then impressive to see how to make sure that ever employee can spend their time focusing on their role and being a success rather then administrative or overhead tasks.
Lots of Ownership Lots of impactful work Lots of autonomy Smart people Plenty of work life balance for me Manager and leader is great My voice is heard and respected Learning a ton and open to my suggestions on how I want to grow
You work with the best and brightest employees at all levels. People are ambitious and are always thinking ahead of the curve. Being innovative but for the right reasons is how things progress and working in a collaborative an inclusive environment make it fun!
Amazon offers many growth opportunities. They have amazing benefits. Amazon has a unique culture that is easy to fall in love with. Amazon is very diverse. Amazon offers career choice.
-Growth opportunities -Focus on leadership -Strong culture of innovation -Values integrity and customer obsession
Amazing and talented co-workers, very warm environment, exciting projects, supportive management that really want you to be successful.
Travel, benefits, work with bright people, stock, challenging projects
Very smart people, great products, great company culture
Amazon is a great place for innovators. We are always pushing the boundaries of what is possible and we value employees who are able to help chart the course of the future. Amazon is also filled with high performers who continually raise the bar. People who like being challenged to learn and grow will love Amazon.
affordable Health benefits and great equity package -fast paced and challenging but rewarding environment -very diverse management workforce -plenty of autonomy -non traditional work environment. (laid back, no strict dress code) -plenty of opportunities for career development
Amazon can be a challenging environment and is not for everyone, especially if you do not want to work hard and be all in. If you are willing to put in the effort, Amazon is extremely rewarding and allows one to do far bigger things here than you could anywhere else in the same fields!
The amount of ambition internally here is striking. Amazon is not afraid of having long term vision and taking huge bets.  You have a lot of responsibility, but with it comes a tremendous amount of opportunity and ownership.
-Promotions even if you have not been here that long -Fun activities throughout the year...not just during peak
mobility. jobs are located all over
Employees are well compensated and the offices are new
Really Nothing to share :V
mobility. jobs are located all over
Employees are well compensated and the offices are new
Really Nothing to share :V
Great place to work for ... smart people ...
Most of the associates are hard working and just want to be recognized for their efforts. It is a factory, more than a warehouse for a lot of locations and the work can be monotonous and tedious.  The 4-day work schedule is great. The health insurance is affordable as well as the vision and dental. Access to 401k with matching. Stocks are awarded annually but have a long vesting schedule. Small monthly bonuses are given for people who take no time off of work.  After a year, Tier 1 associates can get part of college tuition paid for a select group of majors.  My fellow Process Assistants have been some of the best people I have ever worked with in my 25+ years of working experience. Sure we have our personal differences of whom we like and dislike, but I have never seen that get in our way of getting the business of getting customers their deliveries.
If you are a self-starter and know what you want to do with your career, this is the place for you. Any go-getter will find this place tremendously innovative and exciting. There is always something new around the corner.
-Working with intelligent and driven people -Exposure to interesting work/challenges -Lots of room to grow as a professional -Ability to maneuver between different teams/orgs -Compensation is good
Challenges, ownership, the opportunity to roll out brand new technology
1- There are COUNTLESS opportunities available to you. 2- Every Associate has exposure to diverse workforce in both skills and backgrounds. 3- Data/fact driven to make sure that decisions are logically justified and sound. 4- The company is growing like a weed with no signs of slowing down anytime soon!
stocks, benefits , job experience , values , skills
Well run company, serious about diversity, minimal politics.
My fellow coworkers make it easier as the day goes by. There is room for growth within the company. They have other things like Career Choice if you want to obtain a career outside of Amazon. The health insurance is AMAZING 4 day work week.
Opportunities abound! Like most large companies, Amazon encourages the movement of employees- laterally and vertically. Lower level positions need only apply to open positions to get offers for lateral movement without even an interview! We have access to all open positions around the globe as well as access to the self paced training materials to help prepare us for the opportunities. The benefits are good, the environment is too and we have plenty of opportunities to voice our opinions.
Great community of colleagues Smart People Fun- Hard working Environment
fun working culture, and the pay was average
Company is a goliath in society and always a step ahead. It feels good to contribute in such a powerhouse. You will meet some very bright people. Pending where you are, but most likely, you WILL wear many hats. 3 day weekends. Stocks! They will pay for just about everything and really help you.
pay is more than minimum wage
Great pay, Four day work week
Stock, Variable Compensation, Personal Tme
benefits, bonuses, only work 4 days a week. indirect roles available, and they pay for up to an associates degree
Good Pay and interesting work
Great team, Work from home opportunities
Customer obsession and leadership principles are real and used in daily decision making. Amazing people to work with and learn from on projects. Interesting, relevant and in-demand cloud services. Opportunity to work with customers that I would never have had outside of AWS. Internal growth and career development opportunities are as broad and extensive as I have seen anywhere. Encouraged to explore, learn and build new solutions. Part of something growing, innovating and important to customers.
I get to work with the smartest people on the planet which can only serve to help me better myself. I am constantly learning everyday! This is like no other company in the world, we always start with the customer and work backwards. I am constantly amazed when given a choice, Amazon seems to always make the right long term decision that favors customers and employees vs making the typical business decision geared toward short term gains to satisfy shareholders.
Can bring my dog to work. Everyone is friendly. Lots of food options. Amazon is so fast paced everyone is constantly working but then out of the blew someone comes out with a tiki hat and music!
Amazon treats you like an adult and you are trusted to do your job and given the freedom to take it as far as you want. The playing field feels more level with processes like sharing docs in meetings in lieu of powerpoint and backing all ideas up with data and experimentation.
Customer obsession and the leadership principles aren't just corporate fluff - Amazonians use these everyday.
Innovative and safe place to introduce new ideas.
Plenty of room for advancement for anyone who is willing to work for what they want.
Culture of innovation and objectivity, fast-paced, data-driven, flexible/family-friendly. Bring your Kids to Work Day rocks!
Agile for a large company, humble - they are willing to change based on feedback, Leadership Principles aren't just a poster, they are lived everyday at every level of the organization.
You drive your own success at Amazon.  Amazon provides an open environment for employees to get involved with just about anything they are interested in internally. There is plenty of opportunity for internal movement between different departments, which provides great career development options for employees.
Fast paced data driven work environment Several opportunities to learn and contribute positively
Average pay, helpful and friendly co- workers and supervisors. Works with you when an emergency happens.
I believe working for Amazon has made me a better engineer. There is a lot of wisdom in decision making processes and business practices guided by the companies leadership principles, which are actually used on a daily basis and not just a poster on the wall. The focus on operations and customer value are something I had not experience in past roles. I can see myself retiring in Amazon, but even if I leave, I think my experience here would help me significantly in thriving elsewhere.
Amazon's ambiance and work-space Helpful people Food fest and canteen
Stable and secure Good management team Friendly environment
Great Pay, 12 an hour in this state is not that bad
Amazon when it first opened up was an amazing place to work, Management was friendly and everyone worked hard and together to get daily and weekly goals met while still having time to work on projects that would further improve the company hence why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1.
You will get chances to know every AWS resource. Great distributed system. Engineers are very friendly, talented and hardworking here.
You will get chances to know every AWS resource. Great distributed system. Engineers are very friendly, talented and hardworking here.
time off is good for job
Entrepreneurial environment with lots of ability to innovate. Smart and dedicated people. Will root out low performers. Well rounded engineers. Organized like small businesses - not functionally organized i.e. engineering org, product org -etc.
It's a very fast-paced environment, there are always new ideas, projects, initiatives to work on. My job changes fairly quickly- it's dictated by what programs need to be started or focused on at the time and I love that (but I know it's not for everyone.) They let you run with ideas if you prove value to the customers. The customer obsession is real. If you thrive on that service mindset, it's THE place to work. They live and breath the core values, it's not just lip service. The people are great- it tends to attract people who have high intellect but even higher passion and that's infectious to be around.
Get to learn the ins and outs about the company.
You are the true owner of your career here. Even if you were not placed in a level you may have expected. You always have the opportunity to take steps in getting yourself there.
Great benefits, every day is different and great people to work with
- Respectful culture - Great work environment (clean, spacious) - Everybody is held to the same high standards - Excellent pay and benefits - transportation benefits were a surprise - Many development opportunities - Creativity is encouraged - Treated as an adult - Diverse -
Customer obsession, Innovation, large scale, freedom to try new things, and acceptance (and celebration) of mistakes
Very fast paced and never a dull moment. Tons of learning experiences and opportunity to advance your career.
Project ownership Cool projects Strong future for company
10 hour days. No micro managing. Paid a fair wage for the work. Great benefits if you were to stay a long time.
Great Company to work For
Diversity of people and opportunities.
It is a challenging workplace with lots of opportunity
No micromanagement. Great people. Work is fun, and management is always open to ways to make things better. No complaints!
Great stock, Great benefits, Brilliant motivated people
Work from home was good.
Intelligent and hardworking employees who are passionate about the work they do. Culture is creative and inspiring. Lots of flexibility with schedule - you have the opportunity to own your career and make decisions that you feel will impact the company in the most positive manner. Many opportunities for networking and career development. Great benefits, and not just health benefits. The company often brings musicians and authors onsite for employees to be introduced to at no cost.
Great team Work at home No travel
Ability to work automatically on big projects
Amazon remains an exceptionally fast moving for a company of its size. It has a very large network of talented people.
The pay is good. The hours are flexible. Most peers are decent enough people.
Work with some of the best minds in the industry
Amazon is a great place to work! It’s really not that hard. If you come in to do work you will have no problems.  Tons of time off  Great benefits
Can choose whatever you want
I've worked in the Tech industry for over 10 years, both in Silicon Valley and Seattle. I can honestly say Amazon is the most innovative place I've ever seen. People here are the some of the smartest on the planet, and they want to make big things happen. People who do well here absolutely have passion for what they do, and a relentless drive to do better. They're not afraid of hard work and rolling up your sleeves to get the job done. It's a scrappy, fast-paced environment, and I love that we are not afraid to try something new every day.
Good pay 4 days off
PTO, VTO, VET, MTO (rarely, but it happens), Vacation, UPT, Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Stock Options, Tuition Reimbursement
Amazon was a fast paced and fun working environment, where I was surrounded by a lot of talented people.
- Big scope of responsibility - Faced paced, exciting
Engaging, challenging, impactful work. If you choose your group wisely you will work on things that are high-impact high-value
Best talent in tech industry
Work from home was good.
good benefits 3 days off in a row
Great opportunities to work hard and grow
Pay and getting to work all Amazon organizations
Brand knowledge , free products with training.
- Freedom to choose projects to work on as well as move between teams - Great colleagues, smart people (again this one depends on the team you're on, but collectively speaking, you get more chance of working with smart people than idiots here.)
Good leaves policy and work balance
Thinking Big on new ideas and products. Exciting work and projects keep you interested Great benefits keep you feeling well paid Stocks are skyrocketing
You can wear almost anything
Flexible schedule Good people Chill
nice projects and cutting edge technologies
$$, Smart people, brand (opens doors when you have amazon as experience on your LinkedIn)
Really smart people, lots of opportunities to innovate, fast-paced
decent money and hrs very helpful and nice people
There are some amazing teams at Amazon and lots of internal movement so you have the chance to try different things.
It's ok as a temporary job.
Flexible schedule, great health benefits, stock options.
Benefits, promotion, pay, and the people.
Great Benefits and Amazing 401k plan.
1) Decent pay for a high schooler during the summer
Right out of the gate, Amazon pays well. Really well. With the addition of stock as part of the total compensation package, it's the gift that keeps on giving. It's also really nice that they pay my bus fare and allow me to bring my dog to work every day.  A lot of companies are trying to emulate the atmosphere of working at Amazon by letting employees play games, drink beer, and wear their pajamas to work. That's all cool, but it misses the mark. The Amazon culture is based around the 14 Leadership Principles. Every employee embraces the LPs and works hard to exhibit them in everything they do. They really are the heart and soul of the company.
English speaking colleagues, ownership, smart people
Good benefits Great analytical experience Intelligent peers
Great benefits, no dress code, flexible shift with lots of time off. If you are having a bad day and have enough paid or unpaid time off to cover it you can literally walk out and go home for the day with zero penalty.
Generous amount of stocks. Amazing benefits. 4 days on, 3 days off.
Entrepreneurial environment to work in.
Super smart people that raise my standards in many areas. Great investment in big ideas and the freedom to propose big ideas. If you have a role that isn't great, you can always transfer and go to other teams- chances are there's a team here that is aligned with your career passions.
Good pay Amazing coworkers Good hours, lots of overtime.
Location is great and flexibility to switch teams
Steady work with good benefits, pay a few dollars above minimum.
I mean pay is good when they give you a good job to do
fun environment that is very dynamiv
Benefits on day 1. Good opportunities for growing in the company.
Decently flexible scheduling and training is good
great place to work and culture
There is a high bar so you're surrounded by a bunch of smart people
hours are what you make them, you do as many or as few jobs you want, get to meet different people
-Good work environment for a call center -Great co-workers
-hours , was given a lot -over time -simple enough system
Easy to learn, teamwork, meeting people
Pay Slightly time off - but that sucked in the end.
good people, the only upside
There is nothing good about working for Amazon.
Health and other benefits from day one
good pay, management at least tried
Not very many good things
Life insurance health insurance short term disability dental
It’s good money while at school. Opportunities and benefits are great though.
School Tuition after a year,maternity and Parental leave up to 4 months
Good Pay Good Benefits (for permanent employees) Smooth workday when management is on the same page
Great people, somewhat cool product
* Best technology * Allowed to experiment and learn
Short hiring process with minimal requirements
Learning is good at the company
On sight medical. HR is very helpful. Amazon does value their associates health and wellness.
I love the people and the experience. The pay is great for what the job is. Overall job keeps you busy for most of your shift.
I really don't see any except callers were generally nice.
Great people to work with
Decent Pay Easy Job Good People
If you're forward thinking, have a strong work ethic, AND impress your site leadership, you can develop your career with Amazon. Career choice is a wonderful program for anyone that has an interest in going to school. Wonderful coworkers (some), Outstanding benefits, and decent compensation make Amazon a wonderful employer for people like myself looking to further their career. I have managed to find moderate success with Amazon, and I've actually had a few managers that I respect. A fast paced workplace for a person looking for a middle step job with benefits.
They offer Good hours to employees
Good payments, health insurance, paid holiday and time off, flexible schedule and time off, paid for college tuition after one year.
Easy apply, you can choose shift, management treats good with employees
its a steady check - good health insurance, stock options, just about any schedule you could desire to work.
Eh it was good pay
Fast paced and opportunity to wear multiple hats
They gave various amount of benefits.
Great benefits and people are good.
Great benefits, decent pay, convience in travel
Quick Paycheck without extensive interview process.
Decent Pay and Benefits Easy Work
Caring employee improvement Flexible move to other teams Various opportunities Aggressive attitude toward success No blame on failure
To many people in one area
I have been with Amazon in the Seattle office for about half year and have had a very good experience. - I like my manager and enjoy everyone on my team. Because Amazon is such a big company with so many teams that your experience will most likely vary from mine because I have personally heard things that happen at other teams that don't happen at mine. - Amazon has a great rotational program so you can stay with the company for long and never get bored. Lots of smart people with many technologies so you will be able to work on many cutting-edge innovations. - Pay is great overall. Salary is not high but you're able to make up more than enough with signing bonus and RSU.
Can meet some really great people. Get to see what is put into making on-time deliveries. Easy to advance. A great work environment overall.
A pretty competitive where you constantly feel challenged to improve yourself
The schedule is very flexible and you have several options for what shifts you work.
Good pay, exercise, no bs, easy, fullfilling
Benefits, schedule, teamwork, growth, pay, learning, challenge
Amazing people, Flexible shifts, ability to move around.
Tons of experience. Fast paced
Fast-paced, opportunity to learn a lot, if well liked can grow with the company. Large footprint so opportunity to move around and be mobile.
So much to learn, Always Growing, Scalability
It’s a good job if you want to quickly get on your feet.
Flexible schedule, easy work, same daily routine
Benefits, 40 hours, pay, supervisors are great, break room, overtime!!
Learning, development, compensation, scope, flexibility as long as you deliver results.
Great people love the job great bosses
The benefits are amazing, and the job keeps you in shape.
Pay is ok. Everyone works as a team to get things done.
One of the best companies to work for
Not as bad like people say
Processes are well defined. One of the safest companies.
benefits nice campus and work space
Lots of opportunity and impact
Compensation is great, and you have the opportunity to design your own career path through internal movement as your work goals change
Competitive salary, benefits and maternity/paternity
Good pay, set hours, PTO, VTO and vacation.
- easy job - free coffee and tea - good for those who study
Great experiences and great pay.
Everything was great except of the breaks
Meritocratic- started as tier 1 warehouse employee and promoted to Process Assistant then Area Manager in <2 years.
Great place and culture, lazy people quit in the first 2 weeks
Learning - I've learned twice as fast, compared to any other company. Infrastructure - The caliber of the people is high, so there's lots of smart people to work with and deliver great things.
It is a job that'll work if you are a student and are on summer vacation and need to be able to pay rent.
good condition and good people
Total ownership of your product means you are free to do what needs to be done to make your product the best it can be.
Good benefits, most coworkers are amazing, interesting work experience. Easy hiring process.
Steady work and good benefits
Easy schedule, liberal dress code, easygoing attitudes, decent pay.
I have experience 6 years on Amazon work... l love ❤️ this work
Great place to work love it
Always room for advancement vs working at a union
Overtime is the only positive thing about the seasonal work.
exciting business and smart colleagues
Co workers are fun to work with.
Great opportunities to gain knowledge. Co-workers are talented and hard-working. Promotions are achievable through hard work and appropriately allocated.
VTO PTO Good benefits Clean Break rooms Fun and respectful managers. Coworkers seem friendly (sometimes) Swag bucks ($5 rewards for rate and productivity)
Full time, benefits, Paid time off, tons of growth opportunity, set schedule
Stable work, up to 48 hours a year of paid time off and you get to accrue vacation time as well. Good benefits, and plenty of voluntary time off when it gets slow, you meet some great people but others may try to throw you under the bus. Opportunity to learn depending in which area you are in. They may work with your schedule depending on your situation.
Challenging role and responsibilities. You can take up more than you are entitled for if you want to contribute more. Good pay and stock options.
Great benefits, consistent work schedule
Great beneifts, great management, alot of room to grow.
Same shifts and hours
Nothing good about this place
I love the flexibility being a Solutions Architect. I love dealing with new challenges and helping customers develop their next big ideas on AWS. My manager and colleagues are very supportive and are always ready to assist when I need help with a challenging problem.
Good pay and good hours
Paid time off, unpaid time off, and vacation. Leave of absence with no pay is given. A lot of overtime given if needed. Stock is given upon employment
Good pay and good hours
it is a good company but I need to work in my career
Quick training great benefits and time off opportunities.
I really like the culture at Amazon
Diverse culture, fantastic benefits, a few great managers, easy, if physical, work, decent pay, "opportunities" to move up, and they hire just about anyone.
Smartest people in the world work here, There is opportunity everywhere and so many cool things going on. The scale is massive, like no where else in the world.
Driven peers that all are relatively smart. Recognizable brand and projects that show worldwide impact. Happy hours and team events pretty regularly.
Stock Medical benefits 401-K Work Life balance
Competitive and Good Pay with opportunities
Decent benefits. Warehouse was located not far from my house.
Learn! -Operational excellence - Rigorous thinking - Deep analysis - Defend positions and proposal under intense scrutiny - Work on really big initiatives with big dollars ($BB - with 2 Bs) - Smart people who, in my experience, have been great teammates - Build and optimize - Report on performance under a microscope - Learn how to influence across all levels, how to get stuff done without owning or managing most of the resources
Great benefits from the day you start
* Great technology, strong leadership values
Boundless opportunities: what you put in is what you get out. Corporate staff are very professional and are focused on success, while staying human and approachable.  Excellent health benefits.
cool projects and good pay
Got monthly bonus of up to 8%, the managers are always there to help if its needed, they training is well put together.
Amazon offers time off such as PTO and UPT (paid time, unpaid time) and vacation hours.  Benefits  This could be a pro or con depending on your personal preference - some shifts offered are 4 10 hour shifts so you will have 3 days off every week.  Overtime is offered depending on the needs of the company  Holiday Pay on some holidays (con- it's 8 hours of pay so your check will be short)
- Mature tech environment with tools that don't exist at other companies - Good payout if you can handle staying 4+ years - Easy to transfer to other Amazon teams (people frequently move around the company)
-3 minutes in between calls to write up and send follow up emails -You get to take emails also, a lot of emails on slow days -Pretty easy once you get the hang of it -Less stressful than most call center jobs -Paid Time Off, Unpaid Time Off and Vacation Time -Good pay for call center -Good benefits
The pay is good, at a level where you can survive in Seattle
You are in control of your growth. There is a supportive managment team.
Peak season overtime pay and bonus is worth it.
Culture and work is easy
-Higher than minimum wage -Annual Raises -Stock -401k -Time off -Opportunity for advancement
smart people, interesting work, fast paced, challenging, clear feedback
Not many pros, meet alot of people because of the turnover rate.
Pay, work/life balance, benefits, advancement opportunities
Stable work chance to move up great benefits
Shifts are short and flexible. Paid sick time
Great benefits that start day 1, easy work
* You get to work with a lot of brilliant people. * There's a lot of opportunity to effect change across the company. * Often you get to come up with your own projects. * Dogs * Flexible work environment.
Fast paced environment so the shift goes by fast. No time for shenanigans. Everyone is too busy doing their job so don’t come here thinking you have time for office politics. We are paid every Friday. This helps tremendously between bi-weekly paychecks at my 2nd job. Plenty of VET opportunities weekly. Open interviews was helpful in getting me in the door pretty quickly. I met my supervisors and they were welcoming.
I Worked with many intelligent colleagues , it was a active working environment, I learned alot about factory working, the employers were very social
Many opportunities to move up in the company. Amazon also provides very good benefits on day one hiring.
Good for growing when you start your career.
Customer obsessed and fast-moving for a large company. Great overall culture and good managers on most teams. Feels good to be part of something that is redesigning the customer retail experience on a daily basis.
Pays well. Rigorous performance review systems ensure that you don't get an abusive manager or lousy teammate. Your work will have a high impact as Amazon has a huge customer base.
So anyways boys and girls here's the best part of this sould-endearing-soul-sucking job. For the most part the best part is food.
Work with really smart folks who enjoy delivering customer value.
Good benefits if you're on the region
4 day workweek. Bi-weekly pay. manatory overtime during holidays if you need extra Christmas money.
Great company culture with rewards
A growing company and more oppotunities.
Flexible hours. Extra pay for overnight shift. Incentives during holiday season.
Smart People Open to new ideas Constantly evolving Fast Pace Opportunity to learn a lot
Benefits are really good for full time employees
Fun co-workers, good unpaid time off and sick time, decent dental/vision benefits.
Easy to pick up A lot of down time after peek every year good for part time
Easy, Fast-paced, Easy Interview, Quick Turnaround, Fun
Good wages You'll meet lots of good coworkers
This is the best company
Money is good, benefits are amazing. Literally the only reason I stayed as long as I did.
Great benefits,able to take time off
works not to hard opportunities to grow
Working from home.. Set schedule
Good place for experience, good benefits, fair pay
Benefits pay vacation time and unpaid time
Lots of incentives, always busy, great benefits package. Lots of overtime
Incredible opportunities to work on cutting edge stuff.
The pay and vacation is great
Calm environment with reasonable productivity goals Reliable scheduling
Fantastic break room Easy to move up Cool management Good money Easy work During peak (winter) you can win lots of cool prizes- including TV’s and tablets
Compensation is decent if stock is doing well
There is something about working here that leaves me both exhausted and grateful every day. I have learned a lot about myself and work ethic through Amazon, it is difficult at times if you don't adjust to change well. Amazon is all about adapting and innovating, and that is what makes this company so great to work for. The Leadership is sometimes questionable but ever-changing, and the processes change all of the time. You will learn a lot, and make decent money doing so if you have the strength to resist Voluntary Time Off.
Great environment, friendly and smart people all focused on creating cool innovative technology and experiences. Pay and Benefits are extremely generous.
fast paced lots of learning opportunities great people
- Nice coworkers - okay starting job and something part time
Okay pay Campus location is downtown Seattle so lots to do
Fast growing and learning environment
Office location in Seattle downtown is pretty nice, walkable to Westlake and pike market, lots of things you can do in there, the transportation is also very convenient.
It's fun when you drink the koolaid
Amazon Web Services presents an environment of constant learning. There is never a dull day as there is so much happening in the public cloud space and AWS is leading the way. Keeping pace with the innovation is a challenge but extremely rewarding. I've never been surrounded by a group of co-workers that were so invested in each other's success. Very refreshing!
Full of challenge and growth opportunities.
Off 3 days a week.
The emloyees make a great community.
Insurance 401k work overtime acknowledged
Fair benefits compares with others company
- Good pay for part time work - Warehouse work is straightforward - Good exercise - Requires little critical thought or human interaction - Coworkers are pretty nice - Free coffee and water
Team autonomy , work-life balance, salary, benefits
Endless opportunities as it grows even bigger.
Great skills to use later on
Good pay good hours for overnight
Easy, predictable, voluntary time off,tuition reimbursement, great benefits
Great place to be working for
Intense. Satisfying. Lucrative. Resume Builder. Interesting.
This is the place where employees can make things happen and affect outcomes. The culture allows you to as high as required to solve your problems as long as you have data. Most of the work is highly critical and VP level visibility is common
Everything , Career Opportunities, Compensations & Benefits, & Work/Life Balance.
Laid back startup feel at a big company
* Lots of possibilities to move from department to department. * If you find the right team, you can learn a lot and advance in your career.
Four 10 hour shifts, and benefits day one. I have been there for 6 months and I love it.
Four day work week. Fast paced!
Benefits Pay Stock Vacation Pay Work life balance
Great pay, lots of opportunity
Compensation - Competitive Salary + Signing Bonus + RSU’s Fast-Paced environment - always on the go 4-day work weeks (outside of Peak/Prime Day week/OT weeks) Good hiring decisions - most managers are smart, driven, fun people. Tons of promotional opportunities due to network expansion. Constantly changing/improving (can be seen as a con to those who don’t adapt well to change)
Good health benefits , easy to leave early
Decent pay and benefits. Lot's of time off offered. Some freedom of you are a stower.
Benefits, Co-workers, Opportunities and Growth, Support
Possibility for career advancement  Bonuses  Great exercise Have rest of week to unwind with family
Ten hour shifts Great people Ability to show how hard you work
- Benefits are great - Room for transfers within the company - Pay is fair
Unfortunately, I have none to give.
It's a good part-time job that is fairly flexible.
Autonomy, fast moving, strong leadership support. Overall, depending on the area of the business, you can find a productive and fulfilling role at Amazon.
Great benefits. Good opportunities
Decent Pay Less Demanding Rate
WOrk environment is insane. Better than microsoft
Smart people, always have projects to work on
good pay and they feed their employees
Corporate Culture, Learning, Team, Career opportunities, Line of Business, Fair hiring process
Great Place to work depending on building type and leadership team
Amazon is a good place to work
Amazon is world leader in cloud computing. It is useful to learn how things are built.
Product quality and vision is good, cutting edge technology
Pay , benefits, 6 mo raises
Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Short-term Disability, etc). So far, the Medical benefit cannot be compared to any I have seen. Benefits start on day 1 Stocks are given to the employees upon hiring Paid Time Off Vacation Time Off Unpaid Time Off 3 days off Good cultural environment Associates are very good to work with, always suggesting and asking when in doubt. They were the best people I ever had.
Great Culture, Challenges, Dynamic Environment, Career Progression, Continuous Learning, Flexibility and Mobility
Starting pay is good, Culture is laid back
Flexibility and opportunities for growth.
The company has principles that it believes in and uses to guide daily business decisions. These are not the usual nonsense "values" or "competencies" most companies have but never use. WE USE THEM.  Customers come first. Everything we do (not joking) is based on, "Is this best for our customers?"  You own your work. What you accomplish is based on what you accomplish. No living year to year by blaming others strategically. Get things done. Period.  We are more than fairly compensated. We work a lot of hours and sacrifice some nights and weekends, but at least we are paid well.
Great path to move up in the company because you work with the managers. You also get to understand most systems giving you an advantage over others that are applying for higher positions
The LPs, the tenets and the culture make Amazon an amazing place to work. If you are action-oriented and personally value the customer and look to earn the trust of both your peers and the customer, you'll do well here. You have to have similar personal values and principles as the Amazon LPs.
The Work Culture & Values, Compensations & Benefits
Always hiring because people always leaving
Medical and vision ins. and flex card, 401k, stock option, and opportunities to advance.
Simple, but physically demanding work Set schedule every week
Good pay, industry leading company, great technology and innovation
Nice pay, good benefits, great working environments
VTO, benefits, decent pay, good co workers, HR and other great personnel available when needed.
Flexible hours and shifts available
I love my co-workers. I work at a distribution center and the people I work with are great. The benefits are decent even as a tier 1 employee.
Use work there last year people were vood work for and hours
everything is great at amazon
Smart people and amazing IP.
Great people and fast paced work environment
Good pay Good benefits such as Health care insurance, 401k
Flexible and loose scheduling if you have the time bank
Playing with cool toys and new equipment.
Benefits, lots of overtime, great leadership
Clear goals and targets from the leaders, Always customers focused and put great effort to solve customer needs and think backward, Very high competent teams and friendly env. Good salary payment with competitive bonus and stock options for all. Process focused to solve issues quickly,
Lots of opportunity to grow and find the “right” space for you in the company. Good benefits.
Cutting edge innovation and large scale
Good for students and permanent labourers
Good pay Good benefits such as Health care insurance, 401k
Great company to work for. Get rewarded for beung a hard worker.
They teach you everything you’ll need to know. So zero experience needed
Fast-paced Very smart co-workers Culture of innovation and process improvements
Lots of overtime and different types of work
Interesting work, good people
Challenging, and lots to learn from peers. Growing at a fast pace
Easiest position in all fc
Starting pay was $12 an hour, with benefit enrollment available from day one.
-Endless possibilities to learn -Great culture -Good management, pretty flat organization -Decent Compensation -Endless opportunity to move into new roles
Can take time off whenever you want, if you have the time. Prizes during peak season.
Innovation Challenging Flexibility I work with extremely smart people! Everyday I learn something new. I appreciate that I get to solve problems
Fast paced, paid and unpaid hours
Fast Paced Environment, ability to work on meaningful projects with high visibility, and plenty of opportunity to move up.
Good pay, fast pace, excellent training in how to solve problems.
At amazon they have pretty good Benefits ,and it’s a somewhat easy job if u don’t work hard then ur great!
Different tasks daily positive work environment
great benefits package. you dont have to wait 30-90 days like most companies do. benefits start the 1st day. pay is decent if it's your 1st job. you get VCP (free money if productivity and attendance are met for the FC as a whole which can range from 2% to 10% added onto your paycheck. Peak season is when this usually happens) also you are given RSU (restricted stock units) within the company to invest in. Also you are given the option of opening up a 401k provided by amazon. The PA's (Process Assistants) are fun and easy going people for the most part. other tier 1 co-workers can be decent somewhat to a point. just dont think everyone is your friend.
Great culture that serves the costumer. Huge variety of people who work at Amazon, made many permanent friends here. Scholarship program!!
Fast pace, autonomy, flexibility, growth
Amazon will challenge every skill you thought you were good at and discover some new ones that you didn't know you had. You will be challenged hourly to work with team-mates that want to work with you or work against you. Operations is a true test of patience, time-management and fortitude, even those that find this challenge too much, will admit the lessons they learned.  Overall, Amazon offers incredible "at the door" incentives. I am sure you can read them in other reviews, but the life and professional experience is worth the blood, sweat and tears you will shed within an Amazon FC.
Good health 401 k life insurance benefits
Great experience, great company to work for
Easy job. Low KEy. Relaxing
Great company to work for and awesome benefits
Great pay, Meeting new people every night during peak season
Flexible, inspiring, informative and cx obsessed
Wonderful employee interaction. Excellent opportunities to advance.
Great Pay and Benefits, Compensation Package including stock
You get stock in the company after 2 years.
12.50 an hour 20 hrs week.
The pay isn’t too bad
Exciting new Avenue for Amazon
A competitive atmosphere, focused on productivity.
Work with the best people in the business
Great energy, fast learning curve, self-starter culture
Strong talent, Big dreams, Supportive teammates
Great benifits, Lots of opportunity, many different shifts to suit you life
Greatly fosters a teamwork environment. 95% of the Area Managers basically are there to help you succeed.
Weekly pay. Voluntary time off (VTO) and voluntary extra time (VET) opportunities. Work equipment provided for free. Flexible for school purposes.
Getting to clock out whenever you want, this is the ONLY job I've ever had that let you just leave whenever you like. You get paid-time off, unpaid-time off, and vacations. Every now and then they offer voluntary time off for days they don't have enough work but it's maybe 15% of the time over one year. A board to write your concerns down if you feel that your opinion would actually make a difference (personally I don't).
Quick job when you need one. Set schedule ( can be more depending on workload). Multiple paid breaks throughout shift.
Great pay. One month of training before starting in position. Managers are very supportive and helpful.
Good compensation, initially, with shift differential.  Knowledgeable team members and good support from immediate managers.  Large datacenter environment allows exposure to multiple different hardware types.
they have really great paying and stocks benefits
Interview process is easy and straighforward, the stock price is keep increasing so even if you didn't get a big pkg during the interview you will still get enough money
All the hours you could want.
I learn something new every day, and I work with really smart people. My org (WW Advertising) has engineers all the way up to SVP. It is a meritocracy, and decisions are based on facts and correctness. It is also a fun, and challenging, place to work.
Impactful business and customer focused teams
Challenging work environment. Lots of stuff to learn
Great experience, great company to work for
The projects and scope of work are unlike anywhere else in the world. I love that I can easily switch teams and try a variety of products that use different technology and target different customers. There are also many very smart, driven, and creative people that make this a workplace where you will learn a ton, no matter what your background. The pay is also very competitive, thanks to the growing stock price.
Easy to do just keep your rates up mistakes are fixable
Benefits on day one  VTO  Three days off weekly  Paid Holidays  Benefits on day 1
Absolutely no existing pro what so ever
You will learn a LOT! You will get an MBA in the Cloud technologies. You will work with great people who were selected on their merit and knowledge. There's always someone to learn from.
Easy tasks to complete, very achievable productivity minimums, flexible managers
It is a great company full of smart ambitions people.
Benefits aren't bad, there is stock options
keeps you in shape and busy, all the time theres something to do.
Paid time off, unpaid time off, and benefits as well  Also after a year you will be able to take free college classes.
Great environment and good vibes
Good name for resume. Could be fun depending on your team. Decent pay with sign on bonus and company stock.
Solid company and a marketing culture that ensures future success in an ever changing economy.
pay is good and sufficient
Pay isn't too bad for being an associate.
Benefits,paid time vac net al.
Three days off a week
Lots of learning opportunities Lots of professional opportunities Growing company Salary/Benefits are good
Working on AWS as a Software Development Engineer has given me the tools to understand the complexity of a running and supporting a cloud service. These tools have made me a better professional, my available resources are abundant, and there's still room for improvement.
-friendly work atmosphere, most of the time the management was very nice and my coworkers were easy to get along with -pay is decent
Work/life balance, autonomy, limited politics, merit based promotions, tons of opportunities
-Employee discounts -Management is fairly productive and knows how to get everyone moving at a good pace -Kinda fun to have a look at all the different items that everyone orders
Job security, set hours, 3 days off, big break rooms, friendly managers
Flexible Hours and Free Pizza when it's overtime. Good Paid.
Amazon offers competitive compensation, especially as the stock price is going up.  They're always exploring new areas to grow in and show little to no fear in trying out new business directions.  The Seattle area is growing more lively with all the development that is happening from Amazon expanding. (However it is also raising housing prices, which is only good if you bought property years ago.)  Because product and engineering have a long history at Amazon, working in those disciplines have their own unique Amazon cultural quirks that have succeeded in driving the company to where it is now.
I definitely agree that this job isn’t for everyone however, it is a warehouse job and that does mean physical labor. The turnover rate is high because a lot of new hires see early on it isn’t for them and that shouldn’t reflect negatively on Amazon, if anything I find it great that they hire in bulk, they seem to give everyone a chance which I know a lot of us need. It boggles my mind over these negative reviews, your employer created the rules...follow them or quit? It’s really that simple. Benefits rock, atmosphere is great, you do feel valued despite reading that we are just a “badge number,” in reality the badge numbers are crucial because if your family calls in for an emergency they NEED to know where you are to connect you as soon as possible. They only require 24 hour notice for vacation, you can take pto if you feel like leaving, break rooms are fantastic and a wide variety of food/drinks/etc. I would definitely encourage everyone to apply, you won’t know if you like it until you try. If you excel at your job you are noticed right away, even on the first day.
If you're a hard worker and have a positive attitude, there are tons of opportunities to learn new processes. I love working at Amazon. The high volume atmosphere and the constant rush creates an extremely competitive environment but in a fun way! One team, one dream. I love being able to work together as a group and being able to challenge each other while having a good time. Work hard, have fun, make history!
Full benefits day 1, stocks, monthly bonus, 4 day work week, guaranteed 40 hours a week
good pay , easy
Innovation, cares about the community
The benefits are good and worth the price
Work life balance is in your hands. If you dont take control of it, amazon will milk all your time.
$2,000 in Amazon Visa Gift Cards in your account every day
Starting pay for overnight weekend shifts is 14.00 per hour, 401k, health benefits starting day 1, opportunities for advancement, friendly managerial staff, lots of ways to voice your opinion within the warehouse location, re-training available at any time during your employment
Work from home Employee discount Work/life balance
Opens different opportunities to advance in the company
Great benefits, flexible schedule, weekly to bi weekly pay.
500 year healthcare pay (AFTER CONVERTION TO Part time permanant) Discount of UPTO 100 dollar only 10% at a time on amazon products only 6 paid holidays after convertion as Required by law  You can give feed back on managers But what is done with it is unknown
It goes by fast and you get time off.
Amazon is an amazing company, doing innovative things... at the corporate level that is. Proud to work for Amazon overall. Utterly disillusioned by Amazon working at the FC level.
good collaborators to learn a lot
Great options even though not great
Focused on developing great tech
Great place, just not enough hours.
working 4 days a week. lots of work with people
Benefits and pto were great and vacation time
decent pay flexibility good perks slow if you work the late shift
Pays well, but there you are left with high insurance premiums.
A lot of schedule
Fast paced, daily challenges. Raise and break through the highest standards
Lots of opportunities and challenges to address. Possibility of international relocation. Large scale. Lots of amazing people.
Some of the people I worked with are the smartest out there. As a HR Professional you will learn so much and gain many skills. You will be challenged to think, be creative and resolve issues every day. If this place is not for you, at least you will take with you the recognition of working for Amazon and plenty of knowledge along the way.
It is a great place to learn. It is a very fast paced environment.
Good work, ok pay, 3 days off
good benefits, vacation, personal holidays, ok pay, many locations to work, varied jobs available. Job advancement to various levels within the company
Fast paced, cutting edge (in some areas), creating trends-not following them, lots of responsibility very fast if you can manage the timelines and pressure
they make people robotic. no thinking... if you wanna learn how they work, apply !!!
Work From Home, Great Pay, Flexible Hours
Good beneftis. They also offer vto, pto and upt which come in handy
Benefits are really good, starting day one.
* AWS is the N1 of web services * Seattle is a nice city
The culture and coworkers and stock
Great benefits, pto,upt,stock,offer medical leave,
You get a paycheck and you get to meet a lot of people with different backgrounds.
1. Customer Obsessed 2. Agile and Innovative Company 3. Lots of Growth and New Product Capabilities 3. Entrepreneurial (write up an idea and get approved, get headcount, deliver) 4. Cross functional teams such as working with economist, data scientist, dev, analyst which in other companies you have different queues to get access to these types of resources
Good benefits, good pay, good schedule hours.
Good benefits, good pay, good schedule hours.
You will be working with smart people and learning from them everyday. You will be encouraged to take ownership and risks on day one to make positive impact to improve customer and seller experience.
-) The stock keeps going up! -) Great Health benefits
Consistent schedule, 3 days off in a row, Great Insurance
There are tons of cool teams with interesting projects to choose from.
great culture, laid back, no business attire needed
Free to wear whatever made you comfortable, Fast pace, nice environment, Incentives
-Fun environment -Some GREAT managers -Tons of opportunity for advancement -lots of career development.
Guaranteed pay and shift choice
Good salary & bonus if you stay a year. great benefits
Easy work, don't have to think hard
-Innovating industry -Amazing work environment -Helpful Teammates and management -Company transforming how business is done online
Best cpmpany goox team
Great people and management is amazing
They have an outstanding warehouse and employees
The people are all quite smart. Interesting distributed systems problems to solve.
Management was friendly and helpful in every aspect of the job.
interesting work - never bored
Pay and benefits are the only real things to look forward to at this job
Great pay for an internship, and they take you too seattle for a few days which is a blast
A job with positive challenges, and allows you to have personal growth
Pays good and benefits are awesome
Well paid overall, flexible working time which is really good in Japan.
Managers are nice and want you to succeed
Great work enviroment to work in
Awesome benefits and events that are carried out at various throughout the country. I love that Amazon is currently the best brand in America at the moment. The stock value is definitely a plus.
Great team and technology stack using HR analytics.
you are able to set your own hours, they make it easy to be a parent and become a full time worker
Independence and flexibility. You'll have more freedom and independence working for yourself. You're the one in control and the be your own boss thing is pretty great.
Amazon treats me like a customer! I feel it is an honor to work here. I love working for a company that is creative, innovative, and full of pioneers.
Flexible schedules. Easy to work with hr
Nice place to work Good chance to learn
fun, good people, part time
The jobs here are very easy. Sometimes things can get repetitive, but if you show initiative, you can do other roles within the company.
Benefits with the company, great co-workers,
100.00 Discount, that is it 2 Shares of stock for full time employees, can't cash them in for 2 years (I think its 2, it might be 1) Decent health insurance, not good dental, never used vision Low Pay and they expect the world out of you. Fuss about overtime to much.  About the best thing with Amazon is after 1 year they will pay for 95% of your education. Which is rarely took advantage of
New technologies to learn and work on.
They don't care about you as a person at all? Worked there 5 yrs and they keep raising rates well telling everybody to get higher rates so they can raise rates agaim
good people close good hours
Disclaimer: My opinions reflect that of an SDE in Amazon. Seems like some operational job functions are very tough.  I have read through some of the other Amazon reviews and it seems to me that everyone has a very different experience! This is so true. Within the same team, you can have both workaholics and slackers coexisting and coworking together. I think I am more of the balanced type as I try to stay sane. The Amazon experience is basically the entire spectrum and it is what you make it out to be.  Pros in Amazon certainly excludes great benefits, but compensation is competitive. Free food means average quality free coffee, once in a while free pizza for lunch where it is a working lunch, and free beer and finger food in special events. We get a free Orca card to take any bus in the Seattle area for free. $160 per month subsidy for office parking, which is better than nothing. Downtown monthly parking goes for about $200 per month. 401K contribution is 50% of what you put in, where you can put in max 4% of your salary. Not so great. Staff cafeteria food is average and not at all cheaper than outside food, or could be even more expensive. It is hard not to complain about the cafeteria. Vacation days are ok but note that there are no sick leaves. They count as part of your 5 personal days per year. Listing the benefits of Amazon is like listing the cons and not the pros.  Work life balance seems to be ok for the most part, and seems to be individually-driven. No one will tell you that you have to come in at what time and stay till what time. I have team mates working every night and weekend, and others getting in at 10am and leaving at 5pm, all in the same team. Managers will focus on your project deliveries instead of how much time you spend working. If you work 40-hour weeks productively, you can definitely outperform someone who works 60-hour weeks but don't deliver stuff. Working less than 40 hours per week is somewhat common, but I can't say how many people are working how long. The view on work life balance is a bit skewed. All it comes down to are the managers and what they think. Projects are always never-ending but I have found that deadlines are very realistic and reasonable, without counting your nights and weekends. Getting some slack time once in a while is probably a sign of a healthy work environment. Everyone needs a break.  On-call really really sucks. Basically all it comes down to is having SDEs double-duty as support operations engineers. Note that on-call does not improve the code quality of any team in any way. The on-call experience is particularly bad because you are using services from some other team, and their code is of low quality and fails for the wrong reasons. If the managers had given more time to up the quality, there would not be so many problems. Software is usually delivered with a tough deadline with code that meets the minimum quality bar and never gets improved for the next few years. The code review process does not seem to help improve the code but it really obstructs developers from making great changes as unconventional things will not pass code review in clumsy minds. Innovation and excellence are not the name of the game in Amazon. Searching through the Amazon code base is usually not going to turn up quality code that you can actually reuse.  Integration is the name of the game in Amazon. You will need to spend a lot of time to figure out how to integrate your code with another team's services. Whether these other people are cooperative is a hit-or-miss. I have found that most people are responsive and helpful, but there are also quite a number of jerks who are out to make trouble for everybody. It is not easy to work across teams but the experience is mostly positive.  Amazon is a huge behemoth and is hiring people like there is no tomorrow. This reflects well on a good growth momentum but also is worrying that the company is not turning much profit. If the company does not make money, where is our bonus going to come from? You can see new faces around the Amazon building almost everyday! Downside is that we are taking in a lot of average to above-average engineers and being an Amazonian SDE certainly does not share the same reputation as the top names. Amazon is a huge mixed bag of some very talented people and some very dumb people. I think the world is not turning up enough SDEs and the only way is for quality to go downhill.  As an SDE, expect to spend most of your time talking, writing emails and documents, and maybe around 20-30% of your time coding. In most of the teams, you can work on interesting projects, but probably not revolutionary ones. Note that Amazon is a very down-to-earth company and the work is very down-to-earth as well. You will work on real things that people have actually requested for, and that people will start using as soon as you are done. Work is challenging but not to expect highly technically complex stuff. Most of the work has to do with solving everyday problems. To me, this seems to make sense because I have ever tried working on experimental projects before elsewhere and I did not feel it was a good use of my time.  Internal mobility is a key strength of Amazon, and I am not sure which company has done better than Amazon in this aspect. Internal moves are easy. You only need to stay in your team for a year before moving to a different team. There is no easy way to tell which team is a good team to move to because they all have their different pros and cons and people and coming and leaving all the time!  Seattle is by much rumour an easier place to live than the Bay area.  Overall Amazon is a tough but yet sane place to work. The flexibility of this company is really its core strength. You have the freedom to excel as much as you want and also to slack as much as you want. Bummer. You shouldn't be slacking!
benefits, constant work, every two weeks pay
You have the opportunity to learn new technologies and influence some of the new tech being introduced to the industry. The environment fosters your ability to be a free thinker, and embraces the philosophy of ownership, learning, and creativity.
Superb teamwork, we help the other person out when their deadline will quickly close.
Very fun and great! Lots of room to grow.
Just the money and that you get paid weekly
This company values its employees and lives by their 14 leadership principles.
Fast-paced environment Driven leadership Unparalleled value for customers
Inventing the future, awesome product innovation, easy to move around company and experience many different businesses
Ability to take time off as needed Nice manager Work from home in your pajamas! No commute
Deep analytical thinking with big ideas
Work whenever you like. You have to get the scripts to see the ratings of institutions sending in work. Must work up to 500 hits, and 1000hits, to get the better paying tasks.
Good money and some nice snacks
pay is in the top bracket.
great people (when you are on a good team), flexible work schedule, challenging work, new things happening all the time, you won't be bored since there is so much to do
Growth Opportunities, Salary, Challenging Work, Customer Devotion. These are all of the things that Amazon has to offer. Plus, you can work pretty much wherever you want to across the globe.
Fast paced work environment. Opportunity to promote. Awesome teams and teamwork.
- Great Benefits. - Work Schedule Flexibility. - Professional Growth. -Learning Path. - Beautiful office.
Fast paced, innovative, lot of learning. If you want to learn handling large scale volumes this is the place. There is a lot of innovation too, due to this. Focus is on automation. Start up focus resonates across the company.
Very smart engineers, work on products that are adopted world wide within months, decent work life balance
Very flexible schedules to work
Good pay , good environment
Good place to work ,friendly colleague and good pay. Customer focus job and detail oriented place too. Promotion are based on hard works.
great bonus and compensation
Full of work. Pick your team.
Great benefits Good pay commensurate with job and responsibilities
great place to work love the atmosphere
If you like working with really smart people and being challenged every day then this is the place for you. Compensation is excellent and the work itself has given me a lot of growth opportunities. I love the people I work with and my manager really cares about me and my development.
Work hard have fun make history
Managers are very responsive and nice, everything is well placed and busy or chill depending on your position. A lot of break-rooms, positions, and floors.  Interesting items to look at as you work!  Vending machines give a lot of choices in Break-rooms  Huge parking lot across the street.
People are generally really interested in you when they find out you work for Amazon.com
Innovation is great in customer facing business. Decent salary though very frugal with benefits.
You get free gloves and a vest, kidding aside, this is character building work
meh, not too many pros
Job stability, great benefits, fast paced enviornment
Surprisingly reasonable hours, good health benefits fora reasonable cost.
Good workplace to learn new cloud technologies and thrive
Great Company, excellent place for demonstrating ownership and Innovation. lot of learning opportunities and internal portability. Always around smartest people
Great work environment, easy going management, plenty of room to grow.
Great starting salary. Stock options are very nice, given the growth of the company. Some of the most creative people you will ever meet.
lots of work to do, Air conditioned warehouse, Big
Great benefits, pay, culture, free food and happy hours
Great Co-workers, growth and opportunity
Part time job offer a large amount of flexibility. Job is not particularly hard (for a college student), but it is physical.
Fun exciting, top of line technology innovating the industry in every single department.
Free arcade game in break room
Work from home is a plus
Easy to get hired, job is not difficult, great benefits.
You get to work from home
this company cares about their employees and make sure its a relaxed environment to work in
Surrounded by driven individuals. Nobody thinks their work is unimportant, no matter the scope of their work.
Flexible hours- during orientation you get to pick which days and hours work best for you. Great pay- weekly pay checks Excellent benefits- insurance, 401k, tuition assistance and more
Amazon gives you the opportunity to think outside of the box, never bounding you to predetermined decisions. Managers have the freedom to solve problems independently but have a team of managers to turn to when in need of second opinions. No two days are the same which creates excitement and new learnings every day.
Hours and benefits with the company
Short workdays sometimes Holiday pay Wear what you want Free water bottle No interview
Great growth company. Involved in so many different businesses. Can hop between various business fairly easily.
Opportunity to move around, good pay, challenging work and really smart engineers. You own your career.
-They care for their associates -They have great benefits -You get most of your benefits from day 1 -You own stock shares since day 1 -You get plenty of time off -If ever pregnant you cant get up to 5months of full pay leave if u been here a yr -They wanna see you grow at the company -They help you get your career going -Plenty of opportunity's to grow in the company
It has been a great ride so far.  Amazon really cares about their customers. After being a customer for over 15 years and now sitting on the other side of the fence, everything makes sense. As long as a member of the AWS team, I continue to look for the best interest for our customers, I will continue to have a successful career here.  I enjoy the great working environment and it has been immensely gratifying assisting customers with their issues and their journey to the cloud.  This position is allowing me to dedicate time to better myself and learn more about cloud products. In a short period of time, it has allowed me to establish great relationships with some of the smartest people I have ever met.
Unlimited potential, abundance of job positions in major cities around the world
Super smart people to work with Great working environment Equal distribution of work load Sufficient time and guidance for personal development
Great Benefits 4, 10 hour shifts decent pay.
Great team and work culture for career advancement.
-First two weeks of training provided great experiences into the fraud department or TRMS deparment at Amazon. It gets you pumped up about catching fraudulent activities and protecting AWS customers. -Team members are always willing to help and teach you better ways of going about your work -A lot of data analysis and data mining to draw a conculsion. Can be hard to pick up in the beginning, but after 6 months, you should be a pro. -Learning to deal with customers as well as financial institutions
As a company, in many ways, Amazon is quite amazing. They've had success in multiple verticals and are continuously expanding into others. If you're working in one of those new verticals, it's exciting to see what will come out of it.  People are getting more excited about Amazon because they are taking bigger swings (Whole Foods, online pharmacy, Twitch, etc.) from which they have a compelling foundation to build off of (e-commerce) which is different than other big tech companies. The stock has been soaring and general sentiment of financial analysts have been good. The company is continually expanding within Seattle, is opening a second HQ, and continues to grow internationally. Overall, there's always a feeling while working at Amazon that something crazy new or exciting is happening somewhere.
I enjoyed working with the other employees, and the tier 3 supervisors. Making others smile or laugh was the vest part of MY job
paid on a weekly basis thru a temp agency
good people need more good people
Most companies have leadership principles displayed that are used when they interview and during yearly reviews. Not Amazon, they live by their leadership principles. They are used daily as a guide.
Work culture Principles Good learning curve good work life balance
Fun, easy jobs, very physical, lose weight.
Fun, easy jobs, very physical, lose weight.
The benefits are absolutely fantastic!
Hard work with job security.
Company perks, some of the people
Pay Benefits health insurance PTO work different areas
Great pay, not much hard of work. A lot of great benefits!!
I love the internal tools for software development and the knowledge you can get about distributed systems. Also, the culture is great, is really nice how the managers try to push you to meet your goals aligned to leadership principles. I really love work here.
smart people, thoughtful analysis, fast pace of work. Challenging problems to solve.
Great Benefits and high safety standards
Three days off if no overtime
Good benefits and hours
- Easy work schedule - Shift goes by fast - Opportunities to work different jobs
Can just come in not really talk to anyone and go home When permanent you get Unpaid Time off (upt) 80 hrs max can also miss up to 3 shifts at a time. As seasonal you can get voluntary time off (VTO) where you dont have to come in or can leave early Some decent discounts (permanent only) Flexible on schedule for school Possible for advancement within the company
Hours are at awkward points of your day.
We are a very open company that actually lives our leadership principles. I am often amazed at how dedicated people are to their users and customers. There are many options for staying part of the company, yet working in a different business unit. We have made it easy to move between groups for your next challenge.
Good Pay Amazon Stock Healthcare Plan (w/ Vision and Dental) 401k Plan Variable Compensation Pay Time-Off Options Amazon Employee Discount 4-day Work Week (Full-Time) Miscellaneous benefits such as carpooling and giveaways VTO
We are innovating a lot
the way they treat employees
Paid time off, Voluntary time off (w/o pay), stock (if you can last 2 years)
Good Benefits plus stocks, good options when it comes to shift schedules
Pay, Keeps you busy, Relocation, Always a new project, Diverse
Benefits and pay
Competitive pay and flexible hours.
The benefits are great, supervisors are amazing
You get out of Amazon what you put into it. I've been extremely fortunate to work with a great team that is supportive and is highly collaborative. My boss has allowed me to work on projects that I'm passionate about and works on my areas of opportunity.
Brand name. Work with some decent people.
Fast paced work environment. Opportunity to promote. Awesome teams and teamwork.
Challenging environment and you work with really intelligent people!
Great career opportunities. Learning opportunities and career development
the benefits are good, their schooling payment program covers 95 percent and easy to navigate, all the work is straight forward and easy to understand and do.
fast developing, well formatted org
Growing company to work for with a fast pace environment. Growing in the company is fast and good. The stocks are great and they are all over the country.
They pay is great .You can learn different roles in the warehouse.
Good pay Great benefits Great time off options
Fun employee atmosphere, decent benefits,
I worked for the Hazelton, PA Fulfillment center. They pay is fair with decent raises every 6 months. The have bonuses, PTO and Vacation time to use as soon as you start working there. Lots of overtime opportunity in the peak season.
Challenging (in a good way), awesome smart people, company is always doing something really cool and innovative (which is awesome to be part of even if you weren't on the direct team).
You are surrounded with tough problems and brilliant people.  The work place is dynamic and personable.  The problems are unique, interesting, and new.  The company isn't afraid of loss leading/risk so projects are stable.  The impact that each team member has is much larger than typical.
Fast-paced, great pay, room to advance. Amazon is a stable place to work and to be able to provide for a single person as well as a familybwith the benefits they give.
Great benefits, 40 hours guarantee, Overtime
Well there isnlots and there is little. I lm not sure what is better. The experience or not. Hm ket me tbink
You can meet some very interesting people. Good potential for strength building in correct positions.
Good benefits-(medical/dental) start immediately, ok pay
Weekly pay and a colorful break room.
you can win some cool grand prizes
Great work an environment, loved the job and coworkers
the benefits are good, their schooling payment program covers 95 percent and easy to navigate, all the work is straight forward and easy to understand and do.
Base Pay is decent for tech. 2-year signing bonus and RSUs are very attractive especially at the current value of Amazon's stock. You learn a lot and will be stretched to the limit at work, but once you get accomplish something it's a great feeling to have.
High pay, fast pace, good benefits
Good discounts when you get hired
-Friendly managers and employee -Variety in work -company benefits -pick up and drop off options from various Transist Stations -Overtime options
Challenging work, good team and great pay.
The company is always changing and adapting. There are so many things that keep it challenging and allow you to truly tackle challenges.
GreAt Pay and safety
Fast paced with great opportunity to learn daily.
Fun environment, fast pace ,multiple parking lots
Great time off options, amazing benefits.
Managers constantly walk floor to address issues or give compliments on work. You get discounts on various business sites from phones to computer to cruises
Good comp. Some nice peers. Many career growth opportunity
challenging tasks i enjoy my work
Understanding and learning more of the customer relations skills, developing skills to use in the world improving things such as: communication skills, patience, and making more funds.
I loved how they treated their employees.
Challenging, meaningful work and a culture of learning and objective decision making
Good pay Great learning opportunities Meet new people everyday Great exercise
This job is easy to get and they will give you hours right away. Also you can sign up for extra shifts.
weekly pay,easy work,make your schedule
Stock growth getting you bigger paycheck than you anticipated.
There are several tasks within the Fulfillment Center Associate Positions. Some are compulsory, for example sort, picking, carts, bags. Others that deals with customer and computer interactions are optional. You can ask your manager to put you in these other positions as both of you see fit. Your manager will facilitate having you trained for these other positions.
Good company. Good environment. Good people.
Flexibility to work from home, bringing dogs to work, medical insurance coverage is great, encouragement of open and direct communication with peers and manager, fast pace decision making (don’t spend hours in unnecessary meetings), love the people I work
The insurance is pretty good as a second insurance
Benefits are good also Stocks after you have been there two years.
Challenging, fast-paced, fun, environment. Very passionate people and constantly new business launches and geo expansions. Amazonians live and breathe the leadership principles! It's really cool to see these aren't just words on a piece of paper, they truly shape the company culture.
Literally the best decision I ever made was accepting my job at Amazon. If you work hard, you will truly see the fruits.
Good working environment, nice teamwork experience
- work with smart, passionate, diverse people - huge company, be up close to so much innovation - decent benefits, good pay
Great benefits (healthcare, vision, dental eligible from day one). They'll hire you off the street if you don't test positive for meth. Easy work if you can handle the repetition. Lots of paid time off.
Focus on Customer brings out the best innovation. Fast paced for the size of the company , less processes f to bother about. New ideas and experiments.
it was close to hone so easy to get to , regular hours usually set schedule . got 15 min break after the first 45 min . but shift only last 4 hours -_-
NIGHT SHIFT. EMOTIONAL LABOR. NO DIRECTION,
Outstanding Brand- exceptional stock performance
Decent place to work pretty mellow
Easy application process. Great brand name
Good pay, flexible, easy job to get into.
Great opportunity to work on projects with a global scope.
The insurance is pretty good as a second insurance
Great pay! I love the atmosphere of the work environment. Everyone I have met have been kind and helpful. This is a great company to invest your time in.
There is a strong culture of getting things done, and reduced appetite for employees or management that doesn't. Like any company, not every worker or management lives up to it, but rather than people stay in their roles for years accomplishing little, the cycle time is much less (6-18mo). And if you don't like the group you're in or work you're doing, it's easy to move to something else inside the company.
14 an hour if you work overnight, only work 4 days a week, meet great people, building is well kept, job is easy, fun seeing product coming in, friendly, helpful and understanding managers, complementary water all over the building, you are allowed to wear Apple Watch which will help you feel connected at all times since you can’t have your phone on the floor for 10 hours
I enjoy the Amazon culture and the people I work with.
Fair pay, fast paced, longer weekends (shorter weekend) and positive feedback FREQUENTLY when deserved.
company is growing and hiring
Amazon has great benefits and company culture.
Easiest job to get, there is literally no interview. Time off system is easy to understand and you can take days with very short notice. Small monthly bonus based on attendance, easiest money to make as long as you just manage your time like any responsible person would.
Benefits good warehouse experience
Flexible hours, fun co-workers, awesome management, always moving/doing something
Great Management and opportunities to work your way up
Good learning, cutting edge products, technologies, agile, good amount of responsibility, fast paced environment. Overall the best place to learn.
very good salary, good extra benefits.
Benefits, plenty of hours, decent pay, decent opportunities to advance in the company if given the chance, cafeteria has plenty of options and plenty of tvs
Great benefits, PTO and vacation from day one
The pay and the benefits
keep you on your feet and good pay and good benefits
Can pick your own shifts
Not a single pro I could ever think of!
As a Seasonal Equipment Coordinator, I am always learning and encountering new challenges. This help build my skills and see IT in a new whole perspective of understanding the field work. Lots of information to help build someone's skills up from the ground with great many challenges.
Smart people, engaging, with an acceptable level of tension in meetings to drive the best decision for the customer.
great benefits good pay
- Immediate and Excellent Benefits, Amazon wants you to know you are it's money and you are well taken care of 'health wise' so you can keep working. (Awesome work amazon!)  - If you are a Burger Lad or Dominos Dandy the pay here at Amazon MIXED with the benefits will have you feeling truly like a 'Burger King' instead. ($12.50 starting off and it increases up to 3x at $1 a hour i'm to understand.)  - At higher "Tiers" you make more money, regardless of the type of job you do at Amazon. Amazon is an AMAZING place to be a slacker since if you work 400% efficiency or 100% you get the same benefits AND pay. So the longer you stay at amazon by doing less and keeping your head down, the more Paid time off/money/benefits you get. (Note: I don't answer for the questionable ethics to be learned from this.)  - Pickers at Amazon are subscribed to one of the most incredible work out programs in the world for leg fitness, you'll be exposed to amazoning personalities that regularly endure the rigors of olympian level marathon hustling. They will train you well.  - You will develop 'much' faster hand/eye coordination and reaction time based on Brand/Size/Color/Label, even if you are color blind.  - The workers and 'good PAs/Managers' are often very cool down to earth people with a wide spectrum of life experiences and beliefs, which can be really awesome.  - The Core Ethics and Moral principles of Amazon are profound and inspiring and on every break room wall.  - You get awesome pay during official holidays. (Thanksgiving and Christmas.) Especially if you do overtime. I earned nearly $30 an hour during peak time on holidays with overtime. "Thats" where the gravy is.  - Free Coffee in the Break Rooms. This will aid you in your quest to make it through 10-12 hour shifts. It is dangerous to go alone, drink this!  - People often write hilarious things on the totes. (But management fights this and covers the totes.)  - Some managers can be really funny and cool people.  - SDF8 has Smash Bros. 'and' Guitar Hero in the break room, with all their DLC.  - Supposedly Dogs check the facility for and eradicate 'all' the dust mites. According to our management at SDF8. (Note: We've never seen said dogs, and CERN/DARPA are curious as to these 0-Dust Environments despite warehouse settings, as scientists have yet to achieve this in labs.)  - If you are not an American Citizen you can get away with most anything at Amazon, as long as they can't talk with you. They'll generally not enforce it and "go out of their way" to avoid getting you deported home because 'that is mean'. ... Hurray...?  - Amazon is accepting of culture, almost dangerously so. I masqueraded as a "Jedi Knight" for months in various jedi robes and due to Islamic people rocking Burkas I was unharassed for it and even praised for my dedication to the Jedi Way.  - You will find some of the most ridiculous and hilarious products you have ever seen. Also, you'll know 'everything' society buys and how often.  - If you're on top of your life, your life situation, your bills, and everything is golden in your life. Amazon can be a great place to work, because then $12.50 an hour + benefits and little time/room to grow but plenty of opportunites for random VTO/PTO/UPT is right up your alley!! Because fortunately across the year there's many opportunities for 'free time off', a rare commodity at jobs.  PRO'S Closing: Would I recommend this to a friend? Yes! For the long term? No!! Amazon is the kind of business where I feel Jeff expects the worker to be business savvy/smart and play their cards at "His" table. Jeff/Amazon offers workers help with moving/homes and education and his Health benefits are 'incredible' speaking as someone denied them at most lower end jobs. Come to Amazon expecting to: Capitalize as much as possible on Health benefits/Peak Seasons and then if you're able to get a easier going job the rest of the year until peak areas roll back around. Don't be a Winter Soldier like myself and hustle it the entire year unless you find you love it, and it works for you.  Disclaimer: AMAZON IS NOT FOR EVERYONE, it is a very hard job, but if you're a young hard worker and you don't want to flip patties and you are in a dark place -- I'd definitely throw Jeff and Amazon your way before I would any fast food place. Even with this full report. But i'm sending you towards them honest, don't go expecting a easy ride.
10% discount. Can meet people globally working virtually. Amazon is a global brand. Having it on your resume is a plus.
Not the best but decent pay.
The staff was easy to communicate with. Made all the processes easy to go thru and the help they provided was unparalleled.
Surrounded by motivated and intelligent people
My place my schedule.
Made $16.00 an hour for 10 hours a day Saturday & Sunday only
Collaborative environment. No bureaucracy. Focus on business priority. Annual Performance focuses on one's super powers, unlike other major employers Great WiKi and "office hour" cultures makes learning about other teams' platform and work easy Every orgs and teams in Amazon is different. If you don't like your current teams, you can always find another team that fit your interests and culture preferences.
Skill window Excel,Words,PowerPoint and Handlers,Forflift
There are no real pros to talk about
The only pros are the pay and benefits.
Good pay and have a company vehicle.
Good benefits, flexible hours, holiday pay.
Pay, time off options, incentives, flexibility, career advancement opportunities
Best place to work at
Many different teams to explore, motivating coworkers, plenty of opportunities for growth
Benefits, flexibility, accommodation for school schedules.
Your teammates are great and very helpful. Safety is always ensured.
Can work on exciting projects with huge impacts to customers and be surrounded by smart people.
Company is growing and growing and growing .
Great benefits and stock option
Great learning opportunities about the industry.
One of the most innovative companies on earth! This is an exciting place to work, always something new and challenging. The pay is highly competitive, the talent I work with on a daily basis is astounding, and the culture is outstanding. Very customer focused!
Great benefits, good hrs, great enviroment
Good exposure to work at large scale
Smart people, a lot of hustle. You can make a different and really change the operations floor.
Constant learning and growth. Being challenged to learn more and thus grow. Being independent yet accountable for your actions and projects. Freedom to take on new challenges and co-workers' willingness to share information.
Compensation, experience in a fast and consistently changing environment
VTO pick your schedule short work week
They pay you to work.
Benefits,Work Schedule,Time off, Vacations
None at this time. Maybe will provide info later
They pay you to work.
Benefits,Work Schedule,Time off, Vacations
alot of hard work, great benefits, decent wages, set schedule
Benefits are great, being able to take off work when need if time off is managed well is awesome when you're a mother and you have school.
No one standing over your shoulder as long as productivity goals are met. Opportunity to learn multiple functions.
Great benefits, had employee work incentives and drawings
Very easy to work with people. Like the involvement of all team work workers who lift you up to build ur confidence.
Amazon is a great company to work for in that they provide competitive pay, great benefits, and entice associates with the ability to own a portion of the company.
Always taken care of
I believe in Amazon, because of its loyalty to customers. Customers come first. This is true of m6 experience as a customer of Amazon for years. I like the business strategy and it’s growth oriented mission.
Very exciting to learn with other associates
Be your own boss....kinda (you aren't paid like one)
Its a job, but that's it, they run you to the ground and then hire more people so you can't get hours.
It is an excellent experience to get a fill for a large company.
I worked in EC2 so it's tough and challenging but good for me.
Exercise, benefits, flexibility, stock, 401K, pay increases every 6 months, HR on hand, and so much more. Easy to move up with this monster of a company.
the balance of hours for work and days off.
Above minimum wage Pay raise if you become permanent(which is easy to do) Different duties & "positions" Flexible scheduling HR emailing and phone services Easy to learn tasks Keeps you physically active no matter the position
Stock continues to beat expectations, which has made total comp Y/Y beat plans. Lots of spaces to learn new things.
I found there is a Good culture within the company. Most of the employees are happy to work here for this company.
You get company stocks. Different Benefits that are offered are great
Quality leaders! Useful harmony in teams, even though there is pushing of each other to be their best and express their value-add in many ways, using their 'super-strengths' Ability to maintain work-life balance, while doing really interesting, world-changing work Can straddle multiple disciplines in technology, strategy, finance, and design within a single role. Can get a good view of the organization from many angles
- Fast paced environment - minimal down time. It is "go, go, go!" in an extremely upbeat and team focused environment - Site, project, team, and personal goals and metrics are clearly explained what they are, how to achieve them, and how what areas we can work on to reach (and more often than not over achieve) those goals. - Performance reviews are on a weekly to bi-weekly bases to ensure all employees are achieving their personal goals as well as project, site and company goals - Management backs employee decisions. I really appreciated the ability to make more than snap decisions and really be able to dig into issues to resolve them without needing management approval. 100% of the time, as long as it wasn't infringing on my ability to do my primary job, management appreciated their employees working with other teams to help improve internal processes. - Communication between management, coworkers and other internal teams was some of the best I have personally ever encountered - Pay, benefits and schedules are second to none
Time off is good. Use it whenever you want
Plenty of new things to learn.
1) very fast interview/hiring process - I received written offer 5 days after on-site interview. Amazing. 2) Extensive technical training program to bring new employees up to speed. 3) Great potential to develop profession career
Lots to learn, great people to work with. The day goes by really fast because there is lots to do.
Lots of ability to innovate, drive ideas to implementation, increase your scope, push yourself to do things that most companies could never support. Amazing leadership principles to refer to on a daily basis.
1/ Pay is competitive 2/ Looks good on a resume 3/ You can move around internally after 1 year 4/ Lots of smart people work at Amazon 5/ Dogs are allowed 6/ Good for engineers out-of-school
Benefits are great, specially if you don’t have any degree yet. They’ll give you your 40hrs and in most departments allow you to work over time. You get paid vacation, paid personal time off and unpaid personal time off. As well as pay for up to a 2 year degree and get 3 reserved stock units.
Full benefits, lots of room for advancement.
Amazon allows candidates to easily switch between different roles, thus allowing a lot of flexibility You are encouraged to take strategic focus as against technical bit
very lenient place to work
Plenty of room for advancement, Training, Training, Training. They will help you get an education your CDL the possibilities are endless. The people who work there are driven and polite there is no room for ignorance or hate. Day one (great) benefits, good pay and 3 days off is also a plus
Good Intense Experience, things move fast
Benefits include stocks in the company, great vacation plan and of course 401k and life insurance
Stock , paid time off and unpaid time off
Benefits are decent. Opportunity to grow seems abundant.
Room for growth. Excellent system.
Great benefits. Great Supervisors. Company is willing to work with you on your schedule.
Innovative, always learning something new, great colleagues. Very helpful staff to help with onboarding, good pay, some travel. Flex/Telework is awesome!
Benefits are great Health Ins is BCBS
Low hour count if you need a really wide open schedule
Benefits are good, time off could be better.
Level of responsibility, trust, ownership
The people are great fun environment to work at
All the pros of a big company Good insurance(Not super cheap, but accepted everywhere) Benefits for non-married couple partners Cutting-edge technology Working with Smart people A lot to learn Good pay(you don't have to be #1 to be good) A clear leader in many Tech areas You can have huge impact
I love working from home with amazon. They set you up for success and it’s easy, good work.
I love working for Amazon.
Great systems, smart co-workers, great pay
HRBP's, and HR Managers tend to be very smart and try to help you grow as much as you can. I've learned a lot more in 3 months here than I did during college. It's a fast-paced environment and most likely different from anything you're used to as a recent college grad. You will be working in a warehouse assisting a diverse background of associates with a very wide range of problems. It can be challenging, but if you're really motivated then it's well worth it.  For an entry-level HR job out of college, the compensation is pretty good. $25 an hour (52k a year), plus 10k sign-on bonus, 5k relocation package, and 25k in stock (vested over 4 years). It's also Amazon, so it will look good on your resume and you will learn a lot about a wide variety of HR-related issues. Because your experience with HR is so diverse, not just focused on benefits or recruiting, it will help you transition into a wider variety of roles within Amazon or elsewhere if you choose to leave.  The HR ladder is pretty clear within the FC's. It goes from Ops Admins to HRA's, Sr. HRA's, HRBP, Sr. HRBP, HRM, Sr. HRM, and upward. After 18 months as a Sr. HRA, you are interviewed for a possible HRBP/Sr. HRBP role. The possibility of moving up depends on how good you are at your job and business need.  Diversity. Amazon is very good about hiring a diverse population of associates and managers/leadership. You'll work with people in all sorts of roles from all walks of life here and that's invaluable.  3 day weekends. Majority of shifts are either Sun-Wed or Wed-Sat.
*Working from home and ability to work any where. *They provide you a laptop you can use *You just need to submit a ticket if you want to take some time off * Some team managers are flexible and nice *You are given the authority to do what you can to help the customer
Diversity of areas to move into, tech vs. non-tech, US-based or international, sheer scale/magnitude of core business is really fun to be around.
It's a job, Good Benefits, Lot's of room for growth.
Employee Benefits Monthly Bonus Holiday Overtime Daily VTO
Good pay, work with great people
-Great benefits. Amazon looks to take good care of employees that can meet their expectations, including insurance & a 401k plan. -Semi-casual workplace environment. Generally speaking, Amazon has a lax dress code, focused more on workplace safety than on aesthetics. Casual attire is allowed and expected, so most anything you'd wear to a public outing you could come into work wearing. -LGBT-friendly. Amazon will not base decisions regarding employment or promotion on your sexuality or gender, and also have programs in place to support the social and financial aspects of a person looking to Transition.
Great learning and technical opportunities
Fun and Fast Paced
Amazon Web Services is a company that develops its employees and helps everyone to progress in their careers.
Benefits off the bat, options for time off.
good management and positive team environment.
I worked as a fulfillment associate at the Amazon warehouse twice now and it's good for people who are young because it typically starts at $13/hr. You are guaranteed 40 hours/a week and it's only a 4 day work week so you have 3 days to rest.
Benefits are amazing because they hope that will keep you there.
Get to see all types of items
Hard working people Good money 4 day work week
Excellent benefits, cool and respectable ppl, nice breakrooms/free coffee, hours are reasonable.
great work good atmosphere I like it
Great growth opportunities and learning experience
Awesome place to work on the basis of equal employment opportunity and diversity. cool benefits.
The pay is $12.00 & you can learn new things. There's differents parts in thr warehouse like problme solve, TDR, inbound & outbound
Great company to work for!!!
The pay is way above average for the area.
Plenty of employee incentives, encouraged safety in the warehouse
Urban campus, grow company, rising stock price, enthusiastic coworkers, diversity in teams and types of work performed
Benefits are good after a year but after peak season the job gets harder to stay at after then it’s easy at first
You get to work on interesting projects, feel like you make an impact, and you will never be bored. If you are a type A personality you will thrive at Amazon
flexible shifts, health insurance, pay weekly
Benefits are amazing because they hope that will keep you there.
Innovation, latest tech, smart people
great work experience and skills learned
Company culture is ok Colleagues are okay, except few level 3
Easy,hard to get fired,
They are constantly looking to refine processes and open to suggestions and improvements from employees. A lot of people you support are very passionate about getting good talent in the door and appreciate what you do. You will learn a lot about recruiting and being organized and accurate.
Real Easy to get hired
I liked the fast pace, felt like going to the gym, enjoyed meeting lots of different people
Great Benefits, decent wage, will try their best to accommodate the employee
Lunch room is cheap and has a large assortment of items, the benefits are great, many discounts are offered,
Great co-workers, good benefits, good perks
Good culture and good people
It is real. You can organize your agenda to work and explores your best. The flexible time and home office work in your daily routine. You have channels to learn and improve your understanding about the company.
Good culture and good people
Work on cutting edge opportunities. Clients are smart, respectful and appreciative.
Awesome benefits and great sign on bonus. Tons of runway to move up in the company
Great place to have a lot of impact
You really get to have fun at work
You are surrounded by high standards, fast pace, lots of freedom to innovate, and very smart colleagues.
1. Fast pace - both in terms of decision making and execution. The company does realize the concept of reversibility for certain decisions 2. Clearly defined and operational guiding principles - Amazon's leadership principles provide clear guidance on how we make decisions everyday. There are discussions and brainstorming but one knows what is valuable e.g. customer obsession 3. Exciting work - the type of work is super exciting. You can directly see a global impact of the work you're doing which is incredibly motivating
Good pay Not very hard just fast paced Weekly pay Short hours if part time and long hours in full time
Great hourly pay, a lot of hours and overtime
- Growth and fast pace environment - Good facilities - Free Food - Flexible work hours
Gets you in shape , they have good pay can move up easily, free coffee lol, always something going on win prizes
GREAT benefits, good pay, good atmosphere and growth potential. They really push employees to work hard for their next step so you never feel like you are standing still or stuck in a position.
Set schedule, normal pay, easy work
“Benefits” and not a bad commute for me since I live in the East Bay.
Peculiar, wear shorts to work and 5 o'clock shadow is common
Endless opportunities in all sorts of fields. Rapidly growing company with no signs of slowing down. Taking over the world.
ERROR: UNABLE TO RETURN RESULTS AS THEY DON'T EXIST
Smart people, big opportunities for growth and accomplishment, decent compensation. I'm enjoying the impactful work I get to do.
Solid hours for part timers, good exercise, good environment and interactions with others. You'll develop new skills while on the job and learn many new things. Great for students and set schedules as a part time.
Amazing place to work and nice benefits
Upward mobility, technical application of skills, fast pace and team-oriented environment
Best benefits package in the present market.
Good benefits and good bonuses
Easy to follow processes and procedures
I enjoy the constant challenges and their inability to stay satisfied with the status quo. We constantly strive to be the best at what we do.
Some pros are #1,4 day wok week,#2 fair pay,#3 good benefits and incentives,#4 matching 401-k plan,#5 you have an endless opportunity for advancement,and #6 stress free work.
Good pay Great benefits Paid time off When your shifts over you stop working Amenities in the warehouse Multiple job opportunities Good exercise
Good benefits, pay,and consistent hours.
Stock Compensation and ample opportunity to change rolls
Good pay, Reasonable benefits package
Anyone can apply and receive employment easily.
None. You pick a schedule and it changes a month into employment
The people are incredibly smart and dedicated
Physical Job keeps a person in shape, 4 day work week 10 hr shifts, stretching twice a day, positive team energy, no significant drama, somewhat flexible attendance policy. Great HR. Good Managers.
You can make a lot of money quickly if you work very hard. Amazon is very quickly to spot talent and will develop you and promote you quickly if they see that you are willing to put in a lot of hard work. The work is challenging so you are constantly growing.
The managements ok and the work is pretty good
a great and fast growing company overall
Pay, benefits, team building, positive work place
Fast growing company with good benefits
-Work from Home -Create schedules around other jobs/school -Supply equipment -Benefits are generous for the role -Despite popular belief, there is lateral and upward mobility options  The good thing about working from home for Amazon essentially boils down to it being a work from home position with flexible positioning.
weekly pay easy work some people are cool
-Management was pretty cool for the most part -They were about safety -Opportunities for overtime and voluntary time off -Coworkers make it fun
Pretty straightforward work Can be easy and tough at the same time Provides work equipment for free (gloves, vests, etc.) Dental and medical insurance
A good place for career development
Salary compensation and incentives is well worth the work entailed
Pay every week and you get to wear whatever you want
Can't find a good reason to work there.
Smart people, good work environment, get to dress how you want
Incentives with amazon are great
Briely talking to the customers making sure the packages were in a safe place on their property.
Great atmosphere, modern warehouse, very easy work, VTO (Voluntary Time Off) and VET (Voluntary extra time) offered frequently (mostly VTO in non-"peak" time of year.
Lots of over time if you want it
Good benefits, vacation time/PTO and 401K
lots of talent people work here
Awesome atmosphere, relaxed work environment
Being able to go with the flow of working different places in the warehouse takes you out of comfort zone. Management is great
Great opportunities Surround yourself with people on the rise
set schedule. Good pay for no experience required. Management can be on you but they don't yell or stress too much.
The benefits are pretty decent.
Benifiets are very good and monthly bonus
It was amazing to work here
Good company great employees good benefits
Your support system is amazing and is always there to help you
Tons of locations to transfer to around the world. Full benefits on your first day of employment. Relaxed dress code
Things are fast paced, always growing, and there’s always another project for you to take on. Middle-management and above jump around from department to department, heavily stifling growth opportunities for individuals in technical roles.
I love my job and I love that I'm encouraged to pursue my ideas and projects that interest me. There's no end to the possibilities at Amazon.
Great space, fast paced easy money
The teamwork, benefits, and staff morale was great.
It offers Good pay great flexibility it is a good place to practice Teamwork
Decent pay, very nice sign on bonus if hiring as an outsider (day one), 10 hr shifts 4 days/week. Good benefits.
Benifiets are very good and monthly bonus
It was A Great Experience for me.
Many opportunities to stretch beyond you immediate role and team. Competitive compensation packages
Great company. Awesome people. Great and impactful work. Can get a lot done with minimum bureaucracy. Fast paced environment. Great compensation, thanks to the stock.
-Top notch talent in almost every field. Most of my coworkers are brilliant. -Career growth is merit based
- Great benefits, including dental and vision, at a reasonable price. - Plenty of opportunity for voluntary time off during the slower months. - Literally ANYONE can get a job here.
good ben, good co workers
Incredible benefits and schedule accommodation. Break is provided each 2 and 1/2 hours. Friendly staff. Pay day is each 2 weeks, which it makes it easy to save money.
Benefits, competitive pay, advancement opportunities
Benefits, competitive pay, advancement opportunities
Challenging, engaging work culture, good people
The work week is 3 on four off and then 4 on 3 off.
Benefits start day one. Some people are hard workers.
great people, interesting work, large cool factor associated with working at Amazon
Good pay Nice people Job was straightforward
Quick growth opportunities. Hardworking teammates
Work with smart people, culture of innovation, ability to influence results, customer focused
Fast-paced, off-the-cuff development strategy. All ideas are open to discussion and even trial runs. Short release cycles and updates in response to customer feedback. Adequate compensation and stock rewards. High-caliber people in most positions.
Exciting and fast changing. Never a boring minute.
You can quit anytime you want
Work by yourself for the most part.
Competitive environment with extremely smart peers challenging one to constantly update oneself and constantly changing business providing new and interesting problems to solve.
4 days on and 3 days off, room to grow for the right person.
Good management team and flexible hours for those that are in college
Great benefits, good pay, time off from the get go, easy to get in shape
Working from home Working from home Working from home Pay is fair for remote position Health benefits for Part Time/Competitive rate CEO is innovative in his vision
They will take the best years of your life & cut you before the stock kicks in.
Good benefits, generous time off, free coffee, open management, diverse work place, fair expectations, I would recommend following a career path as opposed to general tier one associate.
Pay Package, Choosing your shift, location, questions answered quickly, and some of the people.
Growing company which allows for growth both informally and formally through promotions. One of the few places that focuses more on the results an employee delivers without letting their age get in the way of opportunities earned.
the peak pay 21$ hourly and 25$ day bonus plus won TV
-Voluntary time off. - Paid time off -
-stable schedule -40 hours a week -above minimum wage pay
+ Brightest people + Freedom to innovate
pay looks alright but for hours not worth it
The work/life schedule is pretty okay.
Your benefits start the first day you start
Hi every one I need to know the am are names for sna7 please.
Great pay, numerous hours to work, etc.
Amazon has an amazing infrastructure and platform, which can facilitate the development process and make your life easier. You can work with a lot of people who have strong technical background. People here like to share their ideas. Also, Amazon provides a lot of opportunities and facilities for employees to learn. If you are an engineer and you want to choose a company as the start of your career, Amazon is a good choice.
The pay is okay for the work. You can do your work and leave without thinking about it anymore, assuming you aren't injured on the job. Plenty of opportunities for extra shifts, before the 30 hour point.
Good people, great team, good benefits. Lots of opportunity if you are willing to relocate to other parts of the country. Work can be flexible and some managers are very good at supporting their people.
Great employees. Great facility and technology.
good benefits and many locations for employment
Pay, stock benefits (except it takes 2 years to get it)
The medical benefits and stock that you receive after your initial two years are the only good things about this job.
Provides a full complement of benefits, will cover domestic partnerships. Expectations are continuously conveyed, opportunity for rapid upward growth. Casual dress code. Lucrative time off policy.
Solid benefits, 4 day work weeks
competitive pay for the work you do If you are full time then you get full benefit package No need to explain if you need to take a day off
good eviorment to work in
Great experience in terms of learning new businesses
Decent pay Okay hours Great people Warehouse experience
Work Culture, Flexibility to work in various shifts.
I love the company and what I get to do each day from my own home! The opportunities here are really endless. I can't imagine working anywhere else. It is life changing and so rewarding to be apart of something so amazing. LOVE MY JOB :)
Amazon is a huge tech company that is revolutionizing different businesses and pretty much redefining those. E.g. shopping (Amazon Go), delivery (Amazon Flex), Cloud Computing (AWS) etc.
It's fun to say that you work for Amazon and there are a lot of great people that work for this company. Management has a good vacation and personal time bank.
I've only worked here for a bit over a week, so I can't comment on much. But so far, most employees and the management are all very friendly and helpful, and that counts for a lot. I am generally given the option to leave early if I need to, and on the flip side have the option to stay for a bit longer to do additional work near the end of each shift (changes things by about an hour plus or minus). The environment is definitely what I would call the strongest point.
There’s nothing I can really say that’s positive
Decent pay, excellent benefits, most coworkers are friendly and helpful. Benefits start the first day. Easy work for most positions
Clear training and advancement opportunities.
Diverse array of positions and opportunity for career growth
The pay is decent if you don’t have major responsibilities, but I believe it should be higher due to the 10 hour shifts. The people are friendly and if you like working on your own this is a great job for you.
entry level grows faster by hard pushing and with more than expected responsibilities. Easy to have large impact you are a hard-worker or mail generator or nonsense speaker.
Co-workers and benefits paid time off
Great company to work for
I am in better physical shape than I have been in years. If you work hard and are willing to learn all aspects of the facility, Amazon will work hard for you. Career Choice program- after 1 year of service, Amazon will pay for 95% of tuition and 95% of textbook costs for a degree of certification in industry related fields. (Pretty much anything as long as you stay with the company.) Management listens when you have a concise, though out plan. I recommend this job to any and everyone if they are willing to work hard.
Pay is good. You get in what you put in. Plenty of opportunity for advancement. Leadership is enthusiastic and helpful.  Work enough hours and you get benefits.
Working with Smart Developers and cutting edge technology. Unique Leadership quality help to become entrepreneur in future.
The warehouse that I worked in was well organized. It was climate-controlled. The equipment was in good condition. The pay was good compared to many other jobs.
Great place to work on challenging problems
Fast paced environment. Has to work long shifts . Ultimately all the hard work going to pay off for sure.
-Better pay, if you're looking to move past minimum wage -Will hire immediately -No interview -Good Place to Move Forward if you are Starting at bottom, without qualifications
+ Opportunity to get experience managing people early on, even if you're new to the team + Solid, smart coworkers + Very fair pay, especially when you factor in the stock-based compensation + On my team, my hours were pretty manageable + Great opportunities outside of Amazon when you leave
Good salary, great on resume, famous company
Great insurance at a reasonable rate
Lots of mandatory overtime if thats what you are looking for.
coworkers were nice and supportive
Great pay, great investment in growth and development, lost of projects and teams.
setting your own schedule, mangers are friendly
Flexible hours - you choose your hours when you're hired Easy work - scanning boxes is mindless and no one is breathing down your neck
Very fast paced and really great pay for unskilled labor. No interviews, just a general meeting with a recruiter. Lots of available shifts and overtime is almost guaranteed.
The pay is decent if you don’t have major responsibilities, but I believe it should be higher due to the 10 hour shifts. The people are friendly and if you like working on your own this is a great job for you.
The benefits, 401k, health insurance, dental, vision, RSU after 1 year of employment to cash out on Paid time, vacation time is occurred of week of the entire year and paid time off is offered quarterly. Also there is the opportunity for advancement if you get to know people above you in numerous depts
Great place to work while they take over the retail industry
Competitive pay, flexible schedules, overtime.
Decent pay, benefits, attendance bonus, opportunity to cross train in other departments.
flexible hours at every shift
Good Career opportunity and good benifits
Can’t beat the stock. Stock price has more than doubled in less than two years and amazon is generous with stock options for management which makes it harder to leave before your vesting period is up.
Growing business, lots of opportunities if you can survive.
Training was very thorough. Safety is a value.
Career development is very positive
-Take time off when ever you want, you manage you own paid and unpaid time -when hired you have full benefits -Help you with tuition if you want to go to school -Great place to work -Competitive salary's
Strong business. Decent benefits. World-class technical infrastructure. Orca pass (Seattle).
- Very easy to get hired, as there is no actual interview involved. If you can pass an oral drug test and background check you can get the job. - Lots of different scheduling options/set schedule - Casual dress code - Offers reimbursement for education
Good pay and good benefits
Build production services on AWS.
Easy and rewarding work. Decent pay.
Stock options Good benefits Ok pay VTO time 10% off Amazon website
Stock options Good benefits Ok pay VTO time 10% off Amazon website
Good working environment for employees
Alot of room for advancement...great benefits
Starting pay for full time $11.25  Seasonal or Temp is $15  Heath insurance is cheap, $30 a month for complete package  Technical skill training fully paid after one year of continuest employment  Advancement opportunity
Strong core values and culture from top down
Great leadership and corporate strategy. Local culture is exceptional.
Flexible hours, clean facilities, accommodating employee policy
Enough room to grow for the talent ones.
i dont see any at this time
The pay welswas great for entry level
Working with a wonderful team, the offices, traveling, health insurance, and etc
Smart people, fast paced environment, wide breadth of products
Flexible hours pretty much just have to ask off in advance and you can get off whenever. Free food depending on your operator how much free food.
Good benefits Good People A lot of opportunities for promotions
Great company to work for
Very clear strategy and direction
Pay is very competitive
Lots of different departments to transfer to. Good job for someone who has never worked before.
Full Benefits, More than Minimum wage....Barely. Dress extreamly casual, no real need to for any education plus the ability to count to 100 and read at the 3rd grade level.
Good training, decent pay, and advancement.
Good training, decent pay, and advancement.
When help is availible they are great Work from home Over time during holidays The good team leaders really make it.
Paid time off so milk it.....
I don't know what you're talking about but there are none there is no room for advancement management does not know how to perform their leadership roles and there's always one who thinks he runs the whole show
The company cares for those even at the lowest level. I am currently an L1 and have had opportunities that I would not have imagined with people higher up in the company. I am grateful for everything that Amazon has sent my way.
The only pros I could think of at the moment is benefits
great PTO,UPT and they help students for their career.
4 days a week/10 your days, there really isn’t any other pro to this job aside from its “incredible benefits”, such as 401k and health/dental/vision(big deal). Oh, forgot to mention the STOCKS they give you, that you don’t have access to unless you work there for over a year.
Extremely focused on goals, pay, schedule, strong support partners.
Growing business: the company has $150 bn in revenue and still grows 20% a year - many small companies struggle to grow at that rate, but the behemoth Amazon does. This means Amazon is in constantly hiring and promoting its employees, besides there are tons of rotation opportunities (a practice that is encourage by the way).  I like the work life balance. I have never witnessed anything absurd like the media reports, though it is a 500,000 employee company so anything can happen beyond what I can see. That said, my work is pretty much ok, I arrive at 9, leave at 6 and I can easily get personal time off if needed.
Where to start....this is the most inspiring company I've ever worked for. Working here ensures that your work has a sense of purpose (serving your customers). The morale at Amazon is high. Walking through the lobbies and hallways you see people chatting, grabbing coffee, smiling, laughing, and eating. Our constant releases of cool products and services combined with a high hiring bar creates a winning atmosphere. I have amazing worklife balance and management here is very trusting as long as you get your work done. Amazing work from home flexibility. Pay/health benefits are solid.
Learn tons of new things Great work environment Hard work = promotion High pay with good benefits
Friendly management, consistent hours, easy to take time off if you have the hours, good medical insurance
Work as a team but independently Paid Weekly
Good benefits, opportunity to move up, no discrimination, they let you actually speak your mind
The benefits and you can become a personal assistant starting pay $14.95
Friendly managers, great benefits, competitive pay.
lots to learn, healthy competition
pay and Benefits are good
Amazon is one of those rare companies where you can work and produce products that everybody uses, knows about and respects. As an individual, you're empowered and encouraged to work backwards from the customer to make the best possible experience for the end customer (which we often are too). I've enjoyed doing this with the Amazon Prime Video group and now with Alexa. I'm currently hiring, if you're interesting in doing cool stuff in Alexa, PM me :)
Love the entrepreneurial spirit of AWS! Like working in a very well funded start up. Super proud of the customer obsession.
World wide opportunities if you are willing to evolve.
Pay and benefits were excellent.
Good salary . That is the only pro.
No dress code Easy work Lax environment
- Work with / learn from very talented people - Exciting products that get picked up by media and have public knowledge very quickly - Great pay - Boosts resume (I have recruiters reaching out constantly)
Hourly rate for relatively unskilled work is almost double what the minimum wage is in my state. Managers work to make the repetitive nature of the work bearable. Fabulous benefit package. Work goals are clear and not applied arbitrarily or with favoritism. Coaching given when needed.
the hours are great and the staff and managers
working here is solid, i enjoy it
The leadership principles were great guidelines for making decisions in the workplace
Great place to work at. Always open to promote. Awesome benefits!
benefits are good , insurance is good
Streamlined hiring and training process, plenty of opportunities for overtime and rewards go to those who work the hardest instead of simply by seniority
bias for action in getting stuff done
good benefits and environment
They offer a lot of personal time off as well as VTO (voluntary time off) so you can potentially take a lot of time off work if you want. No one bothers you, work basically by yourself. The App they have to managed overtime or time off work is excellent.
The benefits are great and half the price of my husband's who works for a large ambulance company. All the supervisors are kind, helpful, understanding and compassionate. I started working for a brand new center at its opening and add long as you paid attention the work is simple to understand. I got ill and had to take a leave of absence. HR was very helpful in explaining how to do it and what I was entitled to before calling. I ended up needing surgery and easily turned my personal leave into a medical leave with a phone call. I filled out the paperwork and my doctor faxed it back. I had no problems returning to work when my leave was over. They give you a bonus every month you don't use your unpaid time.
They take care of you. They do a lot for their employees. Plenty of opportunity to grow with the company.
You get monthly bonuses if we reach the building goal, i.e. 100-105% to plan. The hours are consistent.
Allows relatively easy movement across teams or even geographies.
Everyone is pretty intelligent and it's a top company to work for
Salary, flexible shifts , benifts
Challenging work and good work life balance
Ability to learn and grow in a fast paced environment is awesome. The other cool thing is you work for Amazon. They're doing a lot of great things and really raising the bar when it comes to overall CX
fast paced, scanning package sorting and palliating . good people , fun job. i would go back.
Amazon is constantly expanding and innovating. It's really great to be around like minded individuals all working towards the same goal!
Great medical benefits. Steady work, overtime offered on a regular basis. Career choice program will pay for some additional training / school. Non-discrimination towards gender, race, sexual orientation, accepting of trans-gender persons. Advancement is possible for those who move fast enough, put in the highest effort.
Money is good and benefits are great
It's not all the same one process you get to learn 3 different counts and there are more chances for you to learn something different!
Flexible time if you know how to manage it
Flexible time if you know how to manage it
First and foremost, thank you Amazon for the opportunity. I had fun the first 1 1/2 year. Pay is better than most.
You can use hours to take time off, many health benefits.
Have Fun, Work Hard and MAKE HISTORY really sums it up. Helping customers acheive their outcomes is priority #1. I love the way we work with customers to be their business partner and not their vendor. I have seen and worked for many companies that have a US vs THEM mentality about customers - our job is to pick their pocket and then pick it again - this is 100% NOT THE CASE here. We work with our customers to ensure we are delivering great value and features for them (not for us) You have to appreciate this thinking to do well here - please don't come over thinking its about quotas and bragging rights. We celebrate customer successes and our come when our customers are successful. If you can align to this thinking then this is a great place for you.
Active working environment Supportive management
Signing bonus (to be negotiated- mine was $100k to be paid over two years) and very enticing stock options (180 RSUs that are vested over 4 year years).
I have never worked with a smarter, more competent and driven group of people than at AWS. Everyone lives and breathes the Amazon leadership principles and there is never a dull moment. It's exciting to have a work an environment that feels like a start-up but has the resources of a blue chip company behind it.
You do get the opportunity to take a personal leave with no questions asked. If you last 2 years, you get stock. You get plenty of exercise and lose lots of weight if you want. It is great if you are young or absolutely desperate for a job. After you work here and make it, you can survive anything. The insurance is ok.
Ive dune mult jobs in the amazon warehouse. Its okay pay and paid vacation/time off
The break room. The benefits such as medical, dental and vision. Tuition assistance after one year of employment.
Great benefits and pay is fair.
You decide how much impact you make to your team
Provides great opportunity to grow
Good benefits Great talent to work with Good infrastructure Great place for learning
Good company helpful co- wokers great maintenance team
Flexible scheduling, good benefits, nice coworkers, clean environment and its relaxing.
Great workout, Great pay, good logistics system and fast paced
- Room for advancement - Work from home - Communication with your Manager/Team
40 hour work weeeks guaranteed
Seattle is a very nice city.
1. Lots of opportunities to change career path. 2. Great start point if you want to become an IT people
Pays well. Software is good.
MOST of the people are friendly. If you have tattoos on your face or pierced eyelids. You can still get a decent job at Amazon Fulfillment.
Great company, people, and stock!
Room for growth, agile ideas.
It's like you are your own boss
Not much to say here that hasn't already been said
Good benefits, labor work not too demanding, many opportunities for advancement
Great benefits. Exciting growth potential. Every day is exciting.
Very diverse company and the culture was great.
Great leadership principles and high work ethics
Good for learning when you are at the career beginning
Decent benefits compared to similar paying jobs Management is approachable and usually helpful Opportunity to make a fair amount of money during Peak season Frequently awards PTO Emphasis on employee safety They will hire literally anyone
Varieties of time off VTO
Customer Obsession and long-term goals
The health insurance Benefits are amazing, Diverse work place. Hiring process is easy when fulfillment center opens. They hire anybody as long as you can pass the drug and background test.
Plenty of opportunities for advancement.
Discounts. Benefits. Giveaways. Time off. Pay
great insurance, bonuses and paid time off
Amazing People and culture in this place.
Amazon is full of smart people that are all very motivated to succeed... it also looks good on a resume.
Lucrative for an entry level position
-Benefits. -Decent pay. -College program. -Work isn't that hard. -Can be fun at times.
It was fast pace, they gave me options to move around. I started out in stow but once I showed interest in doing indirect roles (like waterspidering and PGing and ambassadoring) they were willing to train me on them.
Nice overtime bonuses during holiday season. Work is often easy to learn some innovations
Awsome benefits an overtime love it
Flexible schedule, choose whenever I want to work
No pros, set schedule but they will even add hours
Consistent schedule learn warehouse process.
There was really nothing good about this job. People don’t care and your teated like a slave. It’s literally a slave camp
Good pay lots of work
Office is in downtown and there’s a really good food truck scene around there. Teams follow Amazon’s leadership principles very seriously.
Stock, lots of career opportunities, interesting projects. If you want to create and build your career Amazon welcomes you. Best for young singles or if one parent stays home.
Amazon truly allows you to assist your customers and gives you the ability to make a difference in someones day. They also allow you to work from home which is always a plus.
Good benefits, lots of work, pay is ok
You receive a paycheck every week.
High Pay for high performers
Vcp bonus at the end of the month
Great location, lifestyle, and so forth
Benefits starts immediately such as Medical dental 401k
Fast-moving. Feels like working in a startup. People are trusted to do their job
Your success at the company is entirely dependent on your own work and skillset. You are very much set up to succeed. The work environment is vastly improved from years ago, it is a pleasure to work here. The company is going to continue to grow, any RSUs you get are worth their weight in gold.
Great Pay, Easy to move up in the company, very relaxed place to work, very safe place to work as well.
casual, high standards, good co workers
The 10hr shifts go by fast if you stay positive and don’t watch the clock, if your a picker.
Good workout, simple tasks, part time work, be quick on your feet, easy if everybody does what they need to do.
Plenty of opportunities for extra hours or unpaid time off and full benefits
- Full ownership of products makes it easy to ship customer-impacting code - Excellent in-house toolkit for building and deploying services - Teams are very individualized and it's easy to move between them
Super flexible work day hours
Pay is good for starting out
Alot of overtime possibilities , very diverse , and good first job. Great benefits
Sometimes there is pizza. Sometimes.
Good environment they also have great insurance
Its a growing company. It has a lots of different positions.
good pay, raise every 6 months,good benefits
Very organized, open discussion,benefits,accrued time,stock, and very ethical in my opinion
Career growth, constant learning, clear expectations
Flexibiity , structure, an amazing culture, great people,
If you are successful they tend not to micro-manage, which can't be said at a lot of companies.
Can work in many different areas throughout the warehouse. Not always assigned to the same location. They offer food and full meal on Thanksgiving!
Stable pay if you show up for your shifts, great opportunity to move up in the company if your well educated, and driven.
Big company, lots of room for advancement
Give fresh engineers a good chance to get into the industry
i like it. be nice & professional job .
A lot of frameworks to learn about
Great benefits, lots of opportunity for career advancement, above average pay, generally positive work environment.
Amazon is challenging, fulfilling, exciting and innovative.
Backed by a strong tech industry (Amazon web services) Young Culture Principle driven Business model Excellent leadership Excellent opportunities to grow Multifaceted industries
Great benefits that start day one.
The money. The money. The money. And other people's dogs, so you don't need your own.
Decent pay, great health benefits/dental/vision
flex schedule, room for asvancemnet
Decent pay, nice facilities, good hours
Amazing benefits Great paid time off
Health benefits are amazing and affordable, bonuses for meeting production and attending work, fast paced and non redundant
Great place to work on awesome projects.
It’s eazy and fun to drive around and make money
flexibility, culture, diversity, learning opportunity, employee development and benefits
Flexible, Understanding, Great Teams, Great Managers
The pay and incentives are great but most importantly the work atmosphere is amazing. I never see negativity and there are many opportunities for self development within the company.
getting to work on cool projects, doing work that everyone in the world knows
growth in the business
Weekly Pay Website system to call off (certain amount of time quarterly)
Fast growing company, Ability to be a real time change agent, Learn alot! Fun place to be if you make it that!
Work in Softlines Tech after positions at AT&T, Zynga, and a tech startup and the main pain points I had in previous positions are resolved here:  - Overall good morale and positive internal view of leadership due to the company's rapid growth and amazing new areas/products - No bureaucracy (free to spin up the AWS hardware and services needed to do my job) - Best management I've worked for (3 levels up are all former engineers themselves who respect engineers and trust us to do our job without micromanaging) - High hiring bar = great teammates - The most clear and objective method for promotion of any company I've been in - As a new dad, work/life balance is incredibly good working regular 9-5 hours, work from home Wednesdays, and management being super flexible about random family needs that come up.
Decent pay Good benefits Friendly HR lots of opportunities for time off
The stock bonuses are a huge plus and relocation is always available. Promotions come quick as long as you don't mind putting in the hours.
good environment and great benfits
Lots of room for growth. Do not have to dress up for work. Work 4 days a week.
big name on resume, cool stuff to do, fast pace
big name on resume, cool stuff to do, fast pace
This company has great benefits and bonus every month. A lot of offers for promotions
Good places to start after graduation
things move fast, a lot to learn, great opportunities regarding career growth and skill development
Amazon is always inventing, always looking for new ways to remove waste from a service, or industry. You can change entire careers without finding a new employer.
-Culture: everyone here is very laid back, but smart. -Pay is great -Flexible scheduling -Autonomy -Stock
Fun atmosphere, interesting projects, lots of smart people. Great pay (as long as the stock keeps going up).
Challenging Environment, Lot of opportunity for growth
Solid work schedule and energetic managers.
Very challenging work Smart people to work with
I'm in AWS, not Amazon Retail, so can only speak for the AWS side of the company. + Working with very smart people. + Working with cutting edge technology. + Chance to bring your ideas to large audiences, leadership will support you if you have good ideas. + Working at scale, everything we do is at scale so it forces you to think bigger.
Part Time shift Decent Pay Younger managers can be friendly Problem Solve Positions
Good environment. Great company. Lots of benefits.
You can pick your own hours
good people, decent pay, easy work
RSU's, innovative company, decent pay
Steady work, good benefits, and consistent pay
The works not hard and you will have fun
Benefits Career Choice Options- Help with tuition for high demand job fields.
You get paid every week on a Friday and the amount is pretty good for a college student. That’s about it.
You get paid every week on a Friday and the amount is pretty good for a college student. That’s about it.
Working from Home and the insurance benefits (that is, until they cancel it while your on FMLA)
Great benefits and salary. Highly recommend employment with Amazon in any capacity.
Fair pay Benefits Never a dull moment
Health medical and dental are good... Youknow u have good insurance when you dentist looks at you and says wow... I wish I had your insurance... But I also pay a high deductible
Great salary, okay benefits, great working culture, full of nice people. Plenty of opportunities to move around. Once you're inside Amazon, it's not that hard to reach out to internal hiring managers and have a chat. They take the Leadership Principles very seriously. The company has a clear vision. Follow these principles and you'll be fine. In 50%+ of the departments that I have been, there is no b.s. politics.
benefits are great, breaks are great, onsite Hr is great
Benefits! Excellent insurance starting day 1, time off starts immediately, everything is done online (time off request, time clock, LOA, etc.) 10-hour shifts, so work 4 days, 3 off.
Great benefits, stock, sign on bonus, opportunity for growth, cares about family time
the company is going up
great place to work and advance
Generous attendance policy, very good benefits
Good workout if you don’t mind walking on bone crushing concrete that will break your limbs over time. That’s pretty much it but GD requires 20 words to move this review forward.
High opportunity for growth in all domains
The culture is very competitive, but if you’re a go-getter who thrives in a fast paced and demanding environment, you will love it. Most of the people who work here (at least in tech roles) are much better at their jobs than the average individual at other companies, so it’s great to work with such a talented group of individuals. As such, innovative solutions are being created everyday and there is never a problem too big to tackle at Amazon.  Flexible work schedule, WFH, no dress code, bring your dog to work, beautiful office, and no restriction on having a drink in the office (as long as you’re not getting drunk).
Amazon has been a very challenging company to work for. If you are doing it right you should never be bored. Once you are in the middle to higher levels within the company the amount of movement and the variety of projects to undertake are enough to always keep your mind interested.  Growth has been essential while working at Amazon. As the company has grown so has most of it's staff with it. The opportunities for promotion and movement between teams are numerous. I have seen individuals move quickly up the organization or laterally until they have found the job that was right for them.  Additionally the compensation is competitive with most other employers in it's class. Knowing that you are receiving a fair benefits and compensation package allows you to focus on delivering for the customer.
They have growth opportunities, besides that there are none.
Great company and great stock benefits and extremely intelligent and driven workforce. Many place claim to have all of this but few will ever rise to the level that Amazon had
Team player that is always focus to achieve company aims and ogjectives
Benefits stocks and discounts Work location
The benefits are not bad.
-Excellent benefits -Advancement opportunities -Management treats you like a person -Decent pay -Opportunity to travel all across the US
Decent pay Decent benefits Decent RSU’s Ability to work by yourself Ability to (sometimes) learn new things Clean facilities ..
the people i work with is awesome
Very interesting work. Good people.
Pace at Amazon is incredible. We live by our LP's, many associates are very talented and work to better their mentees/teams. Stock price.
it's a job where u make money
Customer focus, huge scale innovation, incredible opportunities to learn and grow
Easy work, great people, overtime pay was nice
I like the hours, I get to be home with my kids all day and work here at night. THATS IT!
Low BS ratio. I am surrounded by smart and friendly people. Most of my co-workers are pretty happy in their jobs, that makes them generally happy. 14 Principles of a Leader are great guidelines. One of those is to "Have a backbone, disagree and commit" which basically means if stuff is being done wrong, you are within your rights to stand up for your position, and engage the other parties to come to a consensus that you can all commit to. This is great for problem resolution in the workplace. Stock options are actually worth something. It is generally easy to move around the organization once you are employed, and your current manager cannot stop you from moving to another team.
Work from the comfort of your home.
Great people, benefits, scheduling, culture, and work life balance.
Considering most positions are unskilled (and incredibly easy) labor jobs, the pay is pretty good, and the benefits are even better.  Though I've seen others say differently, the management at my facility was great.(KC, KS)
great place to work, treat employees well
It is the case that you can advance in the company. However, if you have no work experience or college degree it will be a slow go. There seems to be a sense of who you know for advancement. The hours are very much set for any given shifts. If you are one that wants time off and do not need the money, there is plenty of opportunity for VTO which you do not get paid for. However, during the peak season this will not be offered.
Schedule is fixed. You get to work overtime frequently. Awesome benefits, nice brand new FC to work in. Amazon, supplies you with everything you need to do a first class job.
Was able to work from home, had a flexible schedule and pay was better than minimum wage.
Good benefits, Good training process.
good pay and good people
Very rewarding, culture, atmosphere
Four day work week is the BEST!
name recognition of company for employment
They keep the bar raised for hiring. Open to employee feedback. Strict adherence to the culture and leadership principles.
Great manager good benefits supplied equipment
Decent pay, great benfits, and a very laxed work/life schedule. Four day work weeks with three days off. Consistent schedule and plenty of opportunities to move up.
Stocks benefits and working from home
the hrs, light work load, easy jobs
Great medical benefits, company offers stocks, and the work isn't as physically demanding as most traditional factory jobs. Fun to see the process of how Amazon orders are fulfilled from start to finish.
Fast paced Upper mobility Recognition for achievement Consistent performance feedback
Good part time job. Perfect to have as a second job or if you're a student.
I love the smart people I've gotten to work with regularly. The customer obsessed cultural is inspiring, and the leadership principles we strive towards are a deep guiding light for successful productivity in any job role. The stock's long-term trajectory (nearly 30% YoY since inception) has been very lucrative for those who have stuck it out. The performance culture is stressful if you're struggling, but generally means you will routinely only be working with highly effective and motivated people. As I've grown in my career, I've always had bigger and broader opportunities presented to me, and have enjoyed the same overall growth that the company has enjoyed.
Schedule is fixed. You get to work overtime frequently. Awesome benefits, nice brand new FC to work in. Amazon, supplies you with everything you need to do a first class job.
Team work and flexibility. Good pay for what it is.
Amazon is a great place to learn. You will work with the brightest in the industry and will learn more than you can imagine. Amazon is also a great place to grow your career as they are very accommodating on career goals. They will also provide you with as much training as you're willing to take.
You get to work on massive scale projects with clear consumer impact
good pay, good people. Great atmosphere
Lots of hours and overtime
Great challenges and work ethic
Amazon is a place that is what you make it. I've been working here for more than 3 years and definitely had roles that I didn't love or feel challenged, but I've also had roles where I love coming to work. I have always felt valued and if you're not happy, you can change it!  Good benefits - health, vacation, excellent maternity/paternity benefits, flexible working arrangement. RSUs and stock price is great.  Very self-service - if you are a self-starter you can do a lot here.
Amazon is a place that is what you make it. I've been working here for more than 3 years and definitely had roles that I didn't love or feel challenged, but I've also had roles where I love coming to work. I have always felt valued and if you're not happy, you can change it!  Good benefits - health, vacation, excellent maternity/paternity benefits, flexible working arrangement. RSUs and stock price is great.  Very self-service - if you are a self-starter you can do a lot here.
-flexibility in shift days/times -paid holidays -free dental insurance -hours to take off without penalty -straightforward/easy labor -ability to learn more and advance
Availability to move up quickly.
Benefits are excellent, wide variety of areas that you can work in. Hours used to be flexible, location isn't bad.
Very flexible with hours of youre just an associate and going to school. Nice benefits and awards through out.
Always hiring for the season
Benefits and decent salary, education reimbursement
May be the best professional growth opportunity you could get. You will be challenged by a dynamic environment, working with very motivated and intelligent individuals and leaders. It is a company that leads in several different market segments through innovation and is changing the world. An ever rising stock price helps too.
Considering the lack of education or experience required for the position, the pay is respectable. There are many opportunities to take time off or pick up hours. Dental and vision insurance is provided.
Most amazing company in the world.
Flexible , Great Environment, Easy Work
4-10hr days are nice, and leaves you with 3 days off. Managers are helpful. Peak sucks working 6 days a week.
None, seriously. I cant think of any
Company is always innovating and it encourages big thinking.
Excellent benefits - growth opportunity
Pretty straight forward tasks. Easy to get along or follow a particular work flow
Fun place to work, well paid
Amazon has great benefits for their managers. Stock options are worth it if you stay and do your time. Manager outings are fun when your allowed to have them
Decent benefits and some opportunities for advancement.
-Good hourly pay with steady raises every six months. -Easy enough job if you meet rate and can keep focused. -Meeting interesting people all day from all walks of life. -Opportunity for upward mobility.
OK pay. I have heard some locations are better.
Amazon lives by it's mantra of working hard, having fun, and making history. To have a company of this size truly operate not as a company of 500K employees, but instead 50K companies with 10 employees is amazing to see. Quick decisions and empowerment driven towards customer obsession guide the day - and results are undeniable.
Great place to work and grow.
Great pay Good benefits Happy atmosphere Trains you on everything you need to know
Opportunity to work on large scale projects that have a global impact. Amazon constantly innovates and looks for ways to improve on what we are already doing. Work with smart people (which everyone always says in the tech industry) and have the freedom to make real changes. Fast pace, never a shortage of things to do. Pay is competitive but unique to our culture
you get bonuses based on overall warehouse performance but it doesn't make up for low wages and hard, tedious work
insurance, free legal advice, other benefits, time off, stock,
I was able to talk and help a lot of people every day, and had some very fun moments with the customers and with some of my work associates.
The pay is good and you get two shares of Amazon stock
Getting off work and not going back. Quit.
Getting off work and not going back. Quit.
The process by which you can utilize your PTO and UPT Time.
I had an incredible onboarding experience - I was given the tools to navigate through the Amazon systems and a dedicated buddy who was a life line.  Supportive managers and team members throughout my career, challenging business teams to work with.  Benefits package was awesome  Lots of events to attend if were in Seattle area, community volunteer opportunities.
It's a strong name to transition to pretty much any company you desire after and is highly desirable on a resume. Dogs at work is also life changing if you have fur babies and the medical insurance is great.
very set schedule decently good pay
Great benefits and good pay
-Great leadership principles -Customer obsessed company -Work with so many intelligent people -Solid stock package -It has its fun moments -great professional experiences
Free coffee and big break room.
1) Professionalism: I had a good job while looking for other jobs - a luxury, I know: I could afford to be picky. My interview with Amazon Web Services was done at the same time as two other large companies, but Amazon blew me away with their respect for my time, the time they took to get to know me as a candidate, and the quality of questions they asked of me.  2) In a league of their own: The professionalism I saw during the interview process transferred into the workplace. Everyone I have met as come from a highly qualified place and brings to the table serious skills.  3) Work-life balance: In my first half year, I have had a pretty good work-life balance. Things are picking up, but there is still some balance. I don't mind working the extra time as I am well compensated and this is the big leagues.
Awesome manager, good work life balance.
Great Environment and Leadership in the Company
It is so cool, and actually I can enjoy this job from 'my wage and my friendly co-workers. That's a nice job.
I've been at a Campus Pickup Point for 1.5 years now, and I have had great experiences with upper management. They really want you to succeed and are willing to help where they can. They push for moving up in the company.
I'm a leader that leads by a positive experience positive influence and positive attitude an extremely hard worker
There is always work to be done.
Free donuts and pizza rewards
Benefits, training . Company picnic is good. Pto, and overtime opportunities
Easy to do your job decent pay insurance is insanely good variable compensation pay 0-8% 0-16% in peak stocks personal time vaction time unpaid time VOLUNTARY TIME OFF <3
good benefits, nice facilities, okay people
You put the capacity to do anything with and openness and change together and great things happen.
No pressure, 4 day work week
Ability to work on projects that truly have a big impact on major industries. Program Managers are given great responsibilities and the empowerment to execute.
Paid a lot. Can move up quick
- Fast moving company - Plenty of opportunities to learn
New friends , vacation , difrrent positions
great benefits..meet nice and good people..holidsy pay..overtime was $18 an hour.pay was a good amount
Benefits and pay safe clean
Great benefits and decent pay
Experience in a warehouse scenario and general outlook in shipping/ packaging departments within amazon’s supply chain network. If motivated enough, can be rewarding moving up the ladder
Flexible hours, helpful and friendly management, freedom of choice and understanding. Opportunity to move up and grow, just communicate your goals.
Amazon provides good pay and benefits, not to mention very profitable stock options. There is a surprising lack of office politics and red tape despite the size of the organization.
prepare you for any other job or interview ever
It's pretty good to work for amazon.
Speed of innovation, transparency, culture of experimentation and fail fast, true customer obsession
Its very fast moving and challenging environment. I learned a lot in last 1 year compared to probably 2 to 3 years in my previous companies. I am glad I choose Amazon over others.
Huge aspirations, absolute rejection of barriers, and a constant desire to do better!
Everything was awesome. Great communication.
I work around some of the smartest people in the tech industry who are truly customer obsessed. Other companies talk about customer obsession, but Amazon (AWS) really delivers. Overall, I would describe AWS as a big company that moves like a high-growth start-up.
Lots to learn, lot of initiatives, your colleagues are really smart
Always evolving! The company has a very fast paced environment. Owners mentality is a must for success! Growth opportunities are very abundant.
You will be working on cutting edge technologies along with super talented people. At the same time you learn to balance between need to and must to things in life.
You get the opportunity to work on the next thing that moves the world forward. Kindle, Alexa and Fire tablets were once just ideas/concepts that people started working on with a long term vision in mind. Those have proved to be game changers and you have the opportunity to be involved in similar high impact/customer obsessed projects.
schedule competitive pay lots of time off
Great people to work with
You get to work around a pool of very dedicated, customer obsessed people who primarily focus on making End user experience better. I have a really good work life balance I get exposure to the latest tech talks, technology and get an opportunity to learn about each and every business within Amazon
Great benefits, amazing company, very well paying, room for growth
Great environment and great people
Great benefits, great compensation, and overall a great company to work for. Every day is a challenge, in a good way. I am always tasked with finding solutions and my opinion is values.
- Working with tons of smart yet approachable standards - Being a part of the creation of new and emerging technologies - A strong emphasis on personal ownership of your work / delegating decision making authority down as low as possible
feel comfortable for the environment
Everyone is going through the same thing and you make decent money.
its a job that pays slightly higher then $10/hr
Pay is the best thing about the company
Opportunities to learn new technologies- AWS, Service Oriented Architecture etc. Usual tasks involve all the phases of Software Development Lifecycle, including designing, iterative development and testing. Developers are expected to take complete ownership of the projects they are woking on. Good perks and health benefits.
- Fast paced growth, Small teams and Developer Autonomy - Growing and expanding business - Cutting edge leader and technology. Good Pay and Stocks. More customer focused than most other peers
- Good Compensation for the Seattle area
Lots of autonomy and ability to run your teams as you see best.
The managers and co-workers were helpful and kind.
Get 40 hrs a week and 3 days off
Benefits are awesome, Flexible, The Time they give you
Team members make it fun
Ability to work remotely, responsive training team
exciting projects, culture within the design group is very friendly, great location and office space, talented people, autonomy
Stocks is the only pro with this job
Good Team Work, Good People
Smart and humble coworkers Managers want you to succeed Compensation Company wants to win Work life balance is great. My biggest fear coming to Amazon was the lame NYT story. From my experience it has no basis in truth.
Stock has gone up a ridiculous amount
Plenty of hours and good pay
Learn a ton, be surrounded by some of the brightest people in the industry, have an easy time interviewing for your next (higher paid, lower hours) job, truly have a seat at the table, have more responsibilities and accountability than you could possibly imagine as an FA
Good amount of hours, good pay
Easy Work and good people
Same schedule every week, only work 4 days off.
Stock options, Great co-workers, Dogs at work
Great Benefits, Advancement, Fun atmosphere
Flexible schedule. Get to meet a lot of new people.
Great people to work for, Great empolyees to work with.
Great benefits, health, vision, dental. Lots of time off. 4 days on, 3 days off work week.
Health benefits are very good. Also each employee is given shares of restricted stocks.
Stock options are great especially at the current values.
good hours, decent pay, flexible times
good hours, decent pay, flexible times
Good pay and benefits, extra pay for nights and weekend shifts
There are many exciting opportunities at Amazon, and it is possible to make a career at Amazon through a combination of lateral and upward moves. I have been on 3 teams in under two years, and the flexibility to transfer has allowed me to get a good sense of the general challenges, expectations, and best practices for someone in my role in a way that I could not if I had spent the whole time with one team.  Amazon is truly customer obsessed, and for anyone who is interested in how the business runs and how Amazon is able to maintain such high approval ratings from its customers, it is a fascinating place to work.  Amazon has a lot of data, and learning how a company of this size stores, retrieves, analyzes, and safeguards its data is a great preparation for wherever else you might work as a business intelligence professional / data scientist. You have the opportunity to get a lot of analysis experience here.  You will get the opportunity to work with AWS. A lot.
Fast paced. Make your own career. Industry leader. Lateral/vertical movement options.
Good pay with the addition of stocks and bonuses
Smart people working on products which reach millions of consumers. The leadership principles are useful in creating a very focused and effective work environment.
Leadership Principles are not just trotted out once a year, they are deeply ingrained and part of the everyday rhetoric. Customer experience is obsessed over. Informal Opportunities for advancement Good medical benefits
great if you need a job ASAP and like warehouse work. no micromanaging in the logistic centers, and work isn't the hardest.
Versatile work-from-home job. Positive environment if you have a good manager.
None. Horrible unorganized company. Their recruiters need to fix their recruitment plan. Never have I interacted with such a disorganized company.
"Sky is the Limit!" - Amazon is a fantastic growing company with unlimited advancements into all types of logistics, technical or quality aspects.
Great environment and company culture.
Great benefits and compensation package
Health benefits are amazing, and if you get a good team you make some really good friends to suffer with you.
Take your professionalism and skillset to the next level.
A way to make some money with no experience
Awesome and talented people. Opportunities to learn new things Customer focused vision Agile environment with focus on execution. Growth oriented approach to employee's personal and professional development
Filled with smart people and access to latest technology.
Cool people! Good coffee and Fun teams!
Great pay Great benefits 4 day week
Decent Pay, Virtual Hub , Sick Days Personal days Vacation
Fast paced, fun, and competitive
it has good benefits and pay
Umm... It shouldn't be this hard to think of SOMETHING. I guess the hire process is easier than anything I've ever experienced. You aren't interviewed. You go online to set up a time to go in for them to get your pertinent info, do a drug test, and get your consent to do a background check. You are hired solely based on that. As long as you pass the drug test and background is satisfactory, you're good to go. The benefits are good too.
The work isn't that hard
Autonomy, Innovation, Strong belief and adherence to leadership principles
Work with the best, have fun, make history. Amazon does things on a scale I've never seen before - it's a lot of fun to be a part of it.
Good company culture. Beautiful work space. 401K great match. Manager is very friendly to employee, promising product in Alexa and AWS
I'm a good team player Vary accountable I'm someone you can rely on I'm helping if see some that's struggling I'm not going to let them struggle I'm whiling to help
Good for college students or a second job. Management is mostly friendly. Easy work if you're physically fit. If you're not physically fit keep at it and you will be. Skip the gym membership and work in an Amazon warehouse.
Company Leadership Principals are emphasized from Bezos down
One of the most exciting companies in the world.
It's a great packaged deal and challenging. Good people and good benefits
Stable full time job. Room to advance. Good benefits. Stock options. Meet many different people from different positions. Easy tasks.
great training good amount of work
Top tier company in the world, challenge work, have great technical depth/width, have a lot to learn
The company is doing some amazing work and is very innovative. There are also a lot of very intelligent people who work to put the customer first.
Health insurance and paid time off . Four 10 hour days
many hours, good money wise
Good pay Good hours if you are willing to work your butt off
Good pay Good hours if you are willing to work your butt off
Freedom to create and innovate
great company. Team I worked with was nice and highly competitive. Engineers really helped each other and encourage one to learn and growth.
Great for experience but not a career at SMF5. If you're looking for a career go to a different site
Working with the most talented IT professionals in the business.
- Biggest network ever! - Automation opportunities - Constant innovation
Fast paced role, predicated on the ability to problem solve and develop solutions based on data. New challenges every day.
It was good when I got hired and went down hill quickly.
competitive compensation, manageable work hours
Lots of opportunities to learn Amazon is growing at a rapid pace so you will find many interesting and complex problems to splve
Great if you love lifting weights
Overall great company to work for. There’s a lot of really smart leaders and the environment allows you to be exposed to many different styles of leadership.
Exercise, Stable, Structured,PTO,UPO, and Vacation, Decent benefits.
Very easy work and fun
- Transparent Work Culture - Competitive Compensation
Great city good job brilliant colleagues
great benefits and fast growing company
Decent workout PS4 air conditioning
$14 for part time, benefits, certain connections with people you enjoy talking. Snack and break area and a whiteboard to voice your opinion on something
The compensation from Amazon is very fair. Vacation and personal time is pretty standard.
I have been at Amazon < 1yr but I can firmly say that the company invests so much in its people from day-one, and everyone at the company is extremely friendly, intelligent and on top of their game. Contrary to other reports that Amazon exhibits a poor work-life balance , so far I have seen a sincere effort to maintain a good work-life balance. Amazonians truly do live and breathe the 14 leadership principles in their day-to-day decisions. Finally, I would say Amazon is a place where you build a career not hold a "job".
+ Opportunity to obtain management experience through manual labor. You work hard, show you're interested, everything else writes itself.  + Work is mind numbingly easy, and remains that way as you climb up. The standards are nowhere near as high as Amazon claims they are.
Great benefits. Overall great employer
I enjoy the diversity and the opportunity to transfer globally.
Great Atmosphere friendly people to work with
Decent customers, work was ok, new things happen a lot. The name looks great on a resume. There really aren’t too many.
benefits and work place is nice
Pay was decent for a warehouse job. Paid time off and unpaid time off
Good work schedule 4-on, 4-off, 3-on 3-off. For the amount of work you do the pay is very well.
Global scope and impact. Numerous learning, mentoring and career growth opportunities. Ability to lead autonomously in an entrepreneurial and results driven environment. Great cross-group collaboration, commitment to goals, and no drama! Well-respected by customers, sellers, vendors, competitors and employees. Strong community and philanthropic involvement and leadership. Customer obsession and other leadership principles are ingrained in the culture and in every decision.
- Amazing Culture - Super helping team mates - Liberty of working new techs and things interest you - Flexible work hours
great work environment, love my team and the Chicago office. there are a ton of great resources and it is a fun place to work
Innovation and fast paced work. Freedom to switch teams or organizations if you don't feel you fit there. People are very very helpful here. Work life balance is in your hands.
we love our customers and employees
+ I feel free at AWS. It's 100% true that if you write a good PR-FAQ and 6-pager, you can get your ideas turned into the next service. + We do crazy things to keep our team culture alive, and that's always cool provided you deliver results. + If you do a good job and have the right metrics in place to measure the impact of your work, you are rewarded. I have found the system transparent and fair, and have been promoted twice. + At AWS anyway, the startup culture is definitely alive and well.. but you get the benefits of a large enterprise. Don't like your job? There are thousands of openings. A good percentage of my team came through inbound transfers.
Work and life balance, Tech update fast. Co-workers are willing to help you in the work. And the work environment is so nice.
Smart people everywhere who care about the customer, the company, and you. Flexible work life balance. Good resources to get the job done.
I love this place. I have no plans of going anywhere.
No One here holds your hand. You're expected to come knowing how to do what you do, and if you don't, you go figure it out. No one will tell you "This is how we do it here" (except maybe legal). If you don't like where you are, you can absolutely change it--and that is great.
Great software platform/tools to develop! ( I had extensive experience in Silicon valley, haven't found a better platform)  think of the impact you can make,  Great Leadership principles to live by even if you don't work here,
benefits first day the environment great great people and great manager. i been here for 3 weeks.
love the energy and is a very positive place to work
Everyone knows Amazon. After working there, when I talk to almost any employer, they are interested in me because I have Amazon on my resume. I had plenty of things to work on, so plenty to impress employers with during interviews. Things tend to move fast, which is refreshing to some who've worked in an environment they found too slow.
Smart people, Freedom to be creative and innovative, Fantastic growth opportunities (across various businesses), Supportive co-workers, Engaged and adept managers, Resources and support to do your job, Interesting Work, Exciting environment, and Dogs at work!
Learn new things, Challenging, Big company, Good equipment A lot of online resources to learn and try hands on. Review system seems good for career development.
The Benefits were pretty good.
Job is pretty easy and straight foward.
Good work culture More independence to choose work Talented peers Good pay
Opportunity to work on exciting projects having huge impact & visibility Downtown lively working environment
OK Pay Excellent Time Off Management
OK Pay Excellent Time Off Management
The benefits are so cheap and almost everyone in the warehouse is so nice. Some managers are cool and nice. Here in smf1, we are going to start a potluck every thursday because why not.
Great Benefits. and Good Compensation
Great company growth opportunities Easy work responsibilities Great work environment
Good starting pay, great people
These are not all pros, but more general knowledge you should know when starting at MKC4 (Amazon location in Edgerton, KS). This information is for blue-badge members who are full-time.  1: Starting pay is higher than most general education jobs (almost double the current minimum wage) which starts at $13.00/hr. Pay increases ever 6 months  2. On your official start day (and if you have never worked a job that requires you to be on your feet 90% of the time), prepare for this. Tennis shoes are affordable, but will not fend well on your feet for the first month while you adjust. An investment in Timberland work shoes (around $90-120) are worth the expense, and I found them to be durable, and last at least a year.  3. Understand your benefits: First and foremost, understand that your schedule is like a contract, meaning the hours that you are schedules must be worked, or supplemented with your benefit hours. Personal Time Off (PTO), UPT (unpaid time), VTO (voluntary time off), MyLeave and Vacation are all ways you can make up hours that you may need to miss due to whatever reason.  -PTO: 48/hrs per year, granted with 10/hrs on the first paycheck of employment or first paycheck of the new year, followed by 3.58/hours for 10 pay periods to follow, with 1.1/hrs on the 12th pay period. These hours can be used at any time. Amazon suggest that you save PTO hours to use during PEAK season (Oct-Dec), as sales are increased, resulting in longer work days and mandatory overtime. -UPT: 80/hr per year. UPT is granted in 20/hour increments at the start of each quarter (Jan 1, April 1, July 1, Oct 1). UPT is meant for emergency purposes, but can be used as needed. (If an associate used UPT, that will negatively affect their VCP, which will be covered later). -VTO: is offered by upper management when the labor cost due to lack of orders needs to be reduced. AA's (Amazon Associates) are able to sign up for VTO at the start (or prior day if offered through the HUB, which is Amazon's online employee portal) in which they will be able to leave mid-shift (or whatever time upper management deems fit) without the need to use UPT, PTO. -MyLeave: is a resource that can be used if AAs need to be absent from work for long periods of time. They must be approved before hand. -Vacation time: 48/hrs a year. Full-time employees receive 1.53/hrs of vacation time per pay period. Vacation time must be approved by upper management, and cannot be used at any given moment like UPT or PTO.  ***Note: Amazon is firm on the policy of attendance. If you cannot make a shift, it MUST be covered either by PTO, UPT, VTO, or vacation if approved. If an AA goes negative on their UPT, it is an automatic dismissal. Be very cautious about our hours. I know it may seem acceptable to use hours that are available to you, but do not risk your employment due to going negative. Save save save your hours.  4: The days are extremely long. Most shifts are 10 hours long per day, with 4 days a week (during regular season, peak season is 60 hours per week). Amazon gives it's AAs (2) 15 minute paid breaks (actually 10 minutes with 5 minute walking time to and from your location). Example of my shift:  0730 - 1000 - Work 1000-1015 - Break 1015-1230- Work 1230 - 1300 - Lunch 1300-1530- Work 1530-1545- Break 1545-1800 - Work  5: Departments: A break down of each department:  Pick - this is a department to be in if you are comfortable driving PIT (vehicle in which to retrieve items). Mind you PIT can mean going 100+ft in the air to retrieve an item, so if you are not good with heights do not do Pick.  IC/QA: If you are an introvert and do not mind driving PIT, this is for you. Like pick IC/QA using PIT to tally inventory throughout the FC (fulfillment center). It's a slower paced position, best for those who are not super speedy.  Dock - Very physical department. Mostly being aTetris player by putting boxes into Trucks so they will fit and maximize space.  Inbound: This department receives items into the FC. They drive PIT, separate items to be stored, and other task. Like IC/QA, this department runs a bit slower.  Outbound/Pack department: This department is to place items to be shipped into boxes. This is the fastest department in the whole FC, and requires a rate of 70 unites boxed per hour. Department is good for those who like a fast-paced environment.  5: VCP: Variable Compensation Package is a bonus plan Amazon gives AAs who show up for their shifts and do not use UPT, and if the FC is meeting it's goals more than expected: -Attendance: if you show up to all your shifts(or covered them with vacation or PTO) and do not use UPT, you will receive a 4% bonus for the month. Example: You work 100 hours in the month, took no UPT, and make $13.00/hr, you would receive an addition $52.00. -Building Too Plan: If an FC is functions 105%+ to plan (meeting it's goals by 5% or more than expected), AAs will receive an additional 4% bonus. Mind you UPT is not calculated for Building Too Plan, so if you use UPT but the building does 105%+ for the month, you will receive this bonus. ***During Peak Season, VCP moves from a potential 8% to 16%.  6: If you like a longer 'weekend', choose either front half or back half shifts when selecting. These shifts run 4 days straight with 3 days off (during regular hours(non-peak). Donut shift is for those who like a little break in between, which shift will run Mon/Tue/Thur/Fri at work, with Wed/Sat/Sun off during regular hours (non-peak)  I wish you the best of luck with Amazon.
Time off, Benefits, Easy work...  They offer a ton of paid and unpaid time off. Benefits are affordable and comprehensive. The learning curve isn't very steep regardless of department.
Free Industrial Truck training and certification
Fun work environment for post college individuals
A lot of hours offer to associate, Friendly management, good for part time job/ college student.
Cool stuff for you to do
- Amazing culture - Inspiring people - our people raise the bar - Structured onboarding process - Great benefits (very comparable to other fortune 500s I have been at) - Amazing tech - Growth opportunity is limitless
good salary great workplace nothing is wrong
Flexible Schedule, Family Oriented, Comprehensive Training, Good Benefits, Opportunity for Upward Mobility, Good Work/Life Balance Is Expected And Encouraged
Weekly pay, somewhat of a flexible schedule and you meet alot of people.
benefits, environment, fellow employees are there to help you
good company to work for
Great people to work with
These are not all pros, but more general knowledge you should know when starting at MKC4 (Amazon location in Edgerton, KS). This information is for blue-badge members who are full-time.  1: Starting pay is higher than most general education jobs (almost double the current minimum wage) which starts at $13.00/hr. Pay increases ever 6 months  2. On your official start day (and if you have never worked a job that requires you to be on your feet 90% of the time), prepare for this. Tennis shoes are affordable, but will not fend well on your feet for the first month while you adjust. An investment in Timberland work shoes (around $90-120) are worth the expense, and I found them to be durable, and last at least a year.  3. Understand your benefits: First and foremost, understand that your schedule is like a contract, meaning the hours that you are schedules must be worked, or supplemented with your benefit hours. Personal Time Off (PTO), UPT (unpaid time), VTO (voluntary time off), MyLeave and Vacation are all ways you can make up hours that you may need to miss due to whatever reason.  -PTO: 48/hrs per year, granted with 10/hrs on the first paycheck of employment or first paycheck of the new year, followed by 3.58/hours for 10 pay periods to follow, with 1.1/hrs on the 12th pay period. These hours can be used at any time. Amazon suggest that you save PTO hours to use during PEAK season (Oct-Dec), as sales are increased, resulting in longer work days and mandatory overtime. -UPT: 80/hr per year. UPT is granted in 20/hour increments at the start of each quarter (Jan 1, April 1, July 1, Oct 1). UPT is meant for emergency purposes, but can be used as needed. (If an associate used UPT, that will negatively affect their VCP, which will be covered later). -VTO: is offered by upper management when the labor cost due to lack of orders needs to be reduced. AA's (Amazon Associates) are able to sign up for VTO at the start (or prior day if offered through the HUB, which is Amazon's online employee portal) in which they will be able to leave mid-shift (or whatever time upper management deems fit) without the need to use UPT, PTO. -MyLeave: is a resource that can be used if AAs need to be absent from work for long periods of time. They must be approved before hand. -Vacation time: 48/hrs a year. Full-time employees receive 1.53/hrs of vacation time per pay period. Vacation time must be approved by upper management, and cannot be used at any given moment like UPT or PTO.  ***Note: Amazon is firm on the policy of attendance. If you cannot make a shift, it MUST be covered either by PTO, UPT, VTO, or vacation if approved. If an AA goes negative on their UPT, it is an automatic dismissal. Be very cautious about our hours. I know it may seem acceptable to use hours that are available to you, but do not risk your employment due to going negative. Save save save your hours.  4: The days are extremely long. Most shifts are 10 hours long per day, with 4 days a week (during regular season, peak season is 60 hours per week). Amazon gives it's AAs (2) 15 minute paid breaks (actually 10 minutes with 5 minute walking time to and from your location). Example of my shift:  0730 - 1000 - Work 1000-1015 - Break 1015-1230- Work 1230 - 1300 - Lunch 1300-1530- Work 1530-1545- Break 1545-1800 - Work  5: Departments: A break down of each department:  Pick - this is a department to be in if you are comfortable driving PIT (vehicle in which to retrieve items). Mind you PIT can mean going 100+ft in the air to retrieve an item, so if you are not good with heights do not do Pick.  IC/QA: If you are an introvert and do not mind driving PIT, this is for you. Like pick IC/QA using PIT to tally inventory throughout the FC (fulfillment center). It's a slower paced position, best for those who are not super speedy.  Dock - Very physical department. Mostly being aTetris player by putting boxes into Trucks so they will fit and maximize space.  Inbound: This department receives items into the FC. They drive PIT, separate items to be stored, and other task. Like IC/QA, this department runs a bit slower.  Outbound/Pack department: This department is to place items to be shipped into boxes. This is the fastest department in the whole FC, and requires a rate of 70 unites boxed per hour. Department is good for those who like a fast-paced environment.  5: VCP: Variable Compensation Package is a bonus plan Amazon gives AAs who show up for their shifts and do not use UPT, and if the FC is meeting it's goals more than expected: -Attendance: if you show up to all your shifts(or covered them with vacation or PTO) and do not use UPT, you will receive a 4% bonus for the month. Example: You work 100 hours in the month, took no UPT, and make $13.00/hr, you would receive an addition $52.00. -Building Too Plan: If an FC is functions 105%+ to plan (meeting it's goals by 5% or more than expected), AAs will receive an additional 4% bonus. Mind you UPT is not calculated for Building Too Plan, so if you use UPT but the building does 105%+ for the month, you will receive this bonus. ***During Peak Season, VCP moves from a potential 8% to 16%.  6: If you like a longer 'weekend', choose either front half or back half shifts when selecting. These shifts run 4 days straight with 3 days off (during regular hours(non-peak). Donut shift is for those who like a little break in between, which shift will run Mon/Tue/Thur/Fri at work, with Wed/Sat/Sun off during regular hours (non-peak)  I wish you the best of luck with Amazon.
Pay is good and cost of living is lower than the bay area
Pay is good and cost of living is lower than the bay area
The benefits are by far the best I've come across in my work experience.
Great company to work for
It always be moving Fast
The first day you start working you receive benefits, good pay, fast-paced environment.
Lot of opportunities, refined systems, highest development standards. Can transfer between teams very easily. Good compensation.
Day 1 you are offered benefits. As an EMT, you will struggle to find the pay offered by Amazon. Plus you are given a bonus and stocks that are going up steadily.
Benefits start from day one. Pay is 12 hourly starting out. Better part time job.
Easy work to do, a real no brainier. Easy for anyone
Honestly, the only pros were that I made some really good friends here.
Getting yelled at in front of several hundred people—check Treated as if you are in jail—check Breaks federal and state laws—check
relaxed work environment and ability to use bias
Lots of freedom and autonomy to solve decisions on your own and great opportunity for professional growth
Good place to work at the start of your career.
Amazon is a really great place for motivated and driven individuals to progress their career
Fix able time to work
I love my schedule because it works with my family life and commitments. Coworkers are friendly and give you tips to improve performance. Managers encourage employee feedback on how to improve working conditions.
Great benefits, friendly manager, and big warehouse
Fast moving world but really dependent on teams. The company is big on data
Good management. people friendly. Well maintained work environment
Great place to start and learn
Really great co-workers at this sort center. Managers are decent people as well. They play music in the warehouse often which makes the time fly by and creates a fun atmosphere.
All ages are welcome to work, job is easy, pay is good, everyone gets along with a great work atmosphere.
Steady job, health benefits, friendly co-workers.
+Exercise, although feet hurt after 6 hours
Feedback rich environment High standards and expectation to deliver high quality work Unlimited opportunities to grow in your role and expand into new areas
Amazon is a place where you will work hard but the opportunity is endless. You won't find another company with the growth and ability to make a large impact on the Operation. It's a results-driven, non-political environment that is focused on leadership, results, and thinking outside the box.
Full of smart and proactive people. Good pay and benefit. Skyrocketing stocks. Various learning opportunities in many different areas. Good work/life balance. Great work culture.
Fine time spent there at Amazon
Very flexible work schedule, you can change your schedule whenever you want if you're a student.
-Relaxed work culture (e.g. no dress code) -Fast paced days -Cutting edge technologies -Management up the ladder is all around intelligent, focused, customer obsessed, and interested in your career development -When you work hard and deliver results for the company and the customers you will receive promotions with pay increases
It has many benefits.
pay is good, people are friendly
Good Pay and 3 work days a week
Lots of good opportunities and some good people worth working for.
Amazon provides so many opportunities for growth and development. It is a constantly evolving company and if you can learn, evolve, and adapt to change, you will do very well here!
I love how Amazon is not afraid of doing things differently than most companies. I've been impressed with how they take typical processes and do them differently than what I've seen at other companies.
Flexible work schedules very good in understanding situations mangers very easy to talk to. You get benefits that are very good
Its fun to work at
4 day work week and great work atmosphere
Meeting people and becoming a permanent blue badge Amazon and good pay
Great Company to work at
Smart, driven coworkers Minimal corporate b.s. Solve real scaling problems. Good pay.
Exciting Products and Services, Pushing the Envelope, Inventing and Reinventing, Employee's are survey daily. Stock growing fast!
interesting problem spaces, dynamic environment, excellent focus on customers
Reputation maybe? Pay is OK but high cost of living in Seattle.
toxic environment toxic mentor toxic teammate
I work for a new division of Amazon. Amazon has proven to be very flexible and helpful during the launch of our division. Work is fulfilling and benefits are excellent. The work environment is very welcoming and exciting, while remaining professional and work-oriented.
401 K benefits, stocks, good culture
At Amazon you work with really talented people that will help excel your development and open new doors in the future. It is a fast moving company that works off quick educated decision making. If you are a competitive person who wants to constantly learn then Amazon is an excellent place to work. There is plenty of opportunity to grow in your career here and move jobs every 1.5 years or so.
Great benefit packages, stock options, and 401k. Amazon generally promotes within which is nice, but depends on your manager. They make it easy to change positions within the company which is nice because it allows you to become a very well rounded employee.
Fast paced environment, room to grow, and a great collection of people that will support you in and outside the office.
Solid pay if $AMZN vest schedule is long and stock is up, otherwise comparable to Seattle market. Great new paternity policy.
Lot of opportunity to learn
Nice pay for the work required.
Great working environment, high safety and security
You got to deliver products that impacts thousands of customers and generates millions of dollars
Benefits day 1. Relatively inexpensive. Voluntary Time Off. Paid Time Off
They do have good medical benefits,
Dynamic Sticks to its Company Principles Casual Innovative Creative
You can bring your dog to work with you.
Hours are flexible & good job to have if you need some extra funds
Can move up fairly easily, pay increases every 6 months, great benefits
Good pay, bonuses every month, good time off
Lots of work to be done
Plenty of overtime opportunities Getting paid weekly
Good selection of benefits, competitive wages, casual work environment and fun coworkers
Before joining Amazon, I have 14 years working experience in marketing. I thought I might know everything in my area. It's such a shock to learn so much again. At here, you always have something can learn (I mean you can make your own choice to learn it or not.) Smart people around you definitely. Not only smart, since I think there are smart people anywhere, but also use their brain and heart to solve questions. That's not always (seldom) happen in my previous company - another big one as well.
work from home, flexibility, team support
Unique culture, trust in employees, transparency, great teams
Great salary and benefits package, lots of potential job opportunities, great resume booster, excellent personal development with a variety of tough situations, ability to think-outside-the-box, relocation ability with compensation, 3 day weekends
Great team environment. Lots of opportunities to learn, grow and advance in your career.
Great job that can turn into a career
Brilliant mentorship systems and clear business goals
The supervisor was great and eviroment was awesome.
Opportunity to learn a lot when launching new sites, doing migrations and building launches.
Very motivated and dynamic company. Good to grow fast and diving deep into many situations.
Great environment, great company, great values.
I have 27 years of industry experience and have worked at other large companies like Microsoft as well as at startup and I love my experience here at Amazon. After 3 years here there isn't a day when I'm not excited about going to work. As a Principal Engineer I get to set directions and best practices for a wide group of engineers. All my peers and colleagues are very professional and our Leadership Principles are a great guiding tools for all of us to resolve conflict in a coherent and respectful way.
Lots of smart people and fun problems to solve. Everyone wants to help you succeed. I just moved to a new building and it’s a great facility.
The work atmosphere was very positive and the management was awesome.
Great pay and great benefits
Have fun? True. Work Hard? True. Make History? True.
There are too many good things about Amazon. Management is attentive and will address any issues an employee may have. Benefits are decent.
Good benefits, medical, paid time off and Stock options.
There is a steep learning curve while working for this company.
Nice people to work with who all work hard and are appreciated by my good work and experience
Easy job to get and benefits from day 1. I have met some amazing co-workers.
Amazon is the greatest firm I have ever had the pleasure of working for. This includes Microsoft, DoD, Walmart, and more. +Smartest most driven people +Not for the faint hearted +Limitless opportunity to change and grow in any technology or field
Very focused on the customer and bias for action. Really enjoy the freedom I have to do the right thing.
- From engineering standpoint, you've got all the tools and resources at your fingertips to be as successful as you want - It's a pretty sophisticated company in terms of state of the art technologies you have a chance to use on your daily basis - Culture is very entrepreneurial - You can have intelligent conversations with any coworker - Everyone has super-powers - Innovation is highly rewarded
*Inclusive environment *Busy *Flexible work hours, locations *Wonderful team *Awesome pay
There is exciting products, technical and a great spirit of innovation always at Amazon.
The work at amazon is very fun and easy to learn, and their are many benefits to working that job.
Are able to work on ur own
This company does a fantastic job in driving innovation and inspiring people to have a bias for action. This leadership principle is critical to the companies success.
Compensation, Benefits, Work/Life Balance, Opportunity for Advancement
1) great exposure to the best practices 2) get a chance to work with very experienced people and expand the skill set
Amazon is a great company to be an Executive Assistant. You are a true business partner with your Executive and part of the leadership team. You are part of making history. As an Executive Assistant at Amazon, you are never bored and can shape your role how you want it to be.
I like the size of the company.
AWS is commonly used:      For storing public or private data,     For hosting a static/dynamic website,     For supporting online student programs,     For processing scientific and business data, and     For managing peak loads.  Over the years, Amazon Web Services (AWS) has permanently imprinted its name on the cloud computing world, backing up over 800 government agencies, 10,000 non-profit organizations and 3,000 .edus. Amazon Web Services caters to a spectrum of clients (individuals and organizations) by providing on-demand cloud computing assets and aids with pay-as-you-go method. This means that you can build and manage your websites and apps on AWS.
The company that wants you to behave as a owner
1. Exciting work 2. Great learning opportunity
Knowledgeable management High technical bar Diverse work Easy to transition between teams
Work and pay is consistant
the pay is good , nice work flow some nice managers
Pretty Agile, lot of responsibility
Amazon makes you feel important. Comparing them to Ebay, is like comparing apples and oranges. It’s a company that’s grown and continues to grow. That’s a company that I would like to work for.
Well-defined job responsibilities Good exposure to Online retail selling pipeline Enables in-depth understanding of online retail back-end processes Ideal profile for a fresher to understand the functioning of online retail
Great company to work for
most people drive pit equipment so less walking , productivity bonuses, stock options,
Amazon is a great place to stretch yourself and learn! The learning curve shoots up exponentially the minute you join this place.
Friendly coworkers, good management, fast paced work
The pay is good . You may get to work on new and exciting initiatives that are transforming an industry.
As many hours as you want
The pay is great with a sweet signing bonus. The benefits are great too and you work 4 days/week.
Will hire just about anyone. Benefits are okay.
Pizza some days but rarely any
-Pay and benefits are outstanding -Amazon really respects military and experience in other backgrounds -Work with some great people from all walks of life -4 days on/3 days off -Managers move up extremely quick -Managers are rated more off results versus company politics like most other places
Amazon has really turned around their culture with respecting work-life balance and celebrating wins. Some people may not understand that this is a place where there's no "hand-holding". If you want to go for a job in another department, you tell your manager, network with others, and gain the skills through stretch projects to make it happen. This is a place where you can make a difference and see the impact in the big picture.
compensation & benefits are at market . Nice offices and the ability to bring your dog to work.
there are no pros working here
Huge company that sells everything, financially stable.
Innovative and passionate people.
Was very busy, lots of people.
Advancement opportunities Great benefits Amazing people
Friendly staff and clean area
challenging, get to work with intelligent people
well if you can keep the job , the pay is decent.
- Excellent learning experience - Challenging - Career opportunities
No dress code, good location, lots of new things to learn every day, pretty nice colleagues.
Am hard working and am a team player
Great Pay Easy Adaptability with Management
Very professional staff, alot of learning
Work on your own time Excellent rate Friendly staff
Amazon has great benefits and with the company opening up centers the chance to move around the world and country are great.
Paid weekly . You can choose your hours for part time and also sometimes there is options to voluntary your schedule time off.
Amazon provides access to good health insurance plans, 401k and stock. They do try hard to keep people motivated.
It’s a great opportunity for me
Fast growing meritocratic environment Great ad products Innovative solutions Learn something new all the time More than just media sales. Great ecommerce/retail experience Opportunity to rise through the ranks quickly for smart hungry employees
Fast growing meritocratic environment Great ad products Innovative solutions Learn something new all the time More than just media sales. Great ecommerce/retail experience Opportunity to rise through the ranks quickly for smart hungry employees
1. Work is generally very challenging and impactful. You will have the opportunity to work with a lot of great senior and principal engineers who have a lot of experience designing large scale systems and services.  2. The culture is that you will have pretty tight deadlines driven by business needs and you will have to balance your operational load with your feature work to maintain the deadlines. But all the work will have great visibility among senior leadership leading to great growth opportunities.  3. The company has a great history of building robust, scalable and highly durable businesses and business models. Bezos's S-Team is supremely experienced and has managed to build a great work culture and robust businesses.  4. Completely Urban Campus! Regular Happy Hours! Free cereal and snacks! Monthly Phone and Parking reimbursement! You also get swag a lot more often than you think! ,-)
AWS has been an amazing place to try new things and grow skills, in 5 years I have held 3 different roles and 2 countries, all my choice, each has helped me grow to a new level in my career. In the last 5 years I have done and learned more than the 10 before that, working with the very best in the business pays off. The health care and benefits packages, and total compensation model are simply unbeatable in the technology industry.
Smart colleagues and management. Get to work on innovative services. Entrepreneurial work environment. Customer obsession ethos is for real and admirable.
Good pay amazing benefits a lot off vto pay vacations and PTO good bonus for ratings
Very Good Benefits, safe work place
Decent compensation, strong talent, interesting work
Very fast paced and will keep you busy. Tons of opportunity to learn and develop.
Freedom of space. Very easy work.
Simple job, don't need to use your brain that much. Decent pay for the work
Very agile and independent engineers. We have some really good engineers to work with
Work from Home, 40 hrs a week. Plenty of paid training. Great benefits
Be your own boss, take responsibility and ownership of the work you do
Employment here is like an intense boot camp. You learn a lot and have to stay on point to deliver on your goals.
-Fast Paced, Innovative Environment -People are excited to try experiments -Value driven culture is very strong -Changing roles is encouraged
Great Pay , Avaiable hours
Benefits and pay. Interview process was fun.
Benefits Transfers to any site in US
Dynamic, Innovative, Continuously innovative culture. 2 years here will allow you to learn much much more than probably 5 years in other companies.Individual as well as Team contributions are appreciated.
Great communication. Wonderful employee's.
Nice people keeps you busy pays the bills
work place environment is very positive
+ Great culture for growth and development if you take charge and do it yourself. + Good healthcare benefits + Plenty of room to move into a new career and/or a new location w/ Amazon + Decent time off policy
quick easy money, peak incentives
I worked 4 days a week, 10 hours a day, and was making $12.50hr working overnight. My coworkers in my area (sorting) were some of the nicest people I've ever meet. Also the holiday pay was great,
For managers, the compensation is good compared to other companies/positions
benefits, all be it, pretty crappy ones, but they are available.
Weight loss. Hard working. Easy work. Anyone can do it.
Weekly pay Get to meet new people
Great co-workers. Everyone came from different backgrounds and it was nice to have conversation in between the fast-paced workload.
Flexible schedule , good benefits, okay pay
Benefits Work with groups of very diverse co-workers A couple of free drinks from the machines
Smartest people who will push you to bring your A game. Stock value Great challenges for Engineers in terms of innovation and technical problems to solve.
Good pay. Great benefits for both part time and full time.
The job offers a high salary for managers.
- flexibility to work on whatever you want as long as you can tie back value for the company, and have proven yourself to leadership/team
Great Benefits and Great pay
Highest promotion velocity for any job you can find with out a degree
Flexible set schedule (schedule is set but there are 4 different shifts to choose from), health benefits are okay but I've seen better.
The benefits are very good. Low cost medical and you get it right when you start. There's also a good amount of time off given when you first start, which you'll need. You'll meet some good employees that you'll get close to because you work such long shifts.
Good, nice people to work with. The job itself is extremely easy.
Allot of hours and overtime Good benefits. It's amazon, allot of job opportunities.
Good benefits, fast pace friendly work environment.
You will be in a completely different work culture and space is the limit. You will be sharpened into the best knife in your field.
Really hip and cool environment architecturally and superficial-socially, inside and out. Great benefits and perks. In a great city.
Great health insurance and lots of time off options- unpaid which works because I need to work full time but I'm also a student.
Fast paced environment, set schedule
Casual dress, location of facility
Encouragement for growth, downtown Seattle offices, collaboration work spaces, and access to unique neighborhood/walkable work area experience. World travel and global appeal for travel opportunities and collaboration with co-workers.  Paid relocation and signing bonus were generous packages. *but watchout for repayment clause*  Opportunity for innovation if you can show business value.
The Hard work we do is extremely fulfilling. I see the results of my labor directly in the network and I can see how it improved the customers experience. Its fun, I work with the greatest teams in the industry and we have a lot of fun. Finally, we are making history. I am proud to be an Amazonian.
- Great profit sharing model keeps employees invested in continual improvement - True customer focus makes setting priorities consistent - Amazing brand recognition and mentality of customer obsession provides unity for teams
You get to learn a lot while working here. The culture is pretty cool here and the work is challenging enough to grow your professional experience.
Best company in the world. The bar is high, but feel motivated to be part of a wonderful team.
- Fast paced environment working with lots of smart people. - Once you show you are capable, you are given a high degree of responsibility. - There is abundant opportunity to grow personally and professionally. - Quick decision making allows the company to operate like a startup.
Great work environment, a very organized organization structure, you know what is your next step to be promoted, your managers will help you to get your goals and the company is growing very fast. Excellent benefits and they care about life quality.
Amazon focuses a lot on innovation and thinking big. Also once you are in, its easy to move around and find the best team for you.
Friendly work environment. Interesting project. Lots of benefit.
The pros include the diverse atmosphere, getting an opportunity to meet so many different people and being able to help people when it is warranted. I love the company and how it takes care of it's employees as well.
Fast paced, lots of cross team communication and integrations, lots to learn
Great place to work here
Great work environment, solid management, great hours
friendly workplace, very highly demanding and professional,
management is organized and friendly. people get along with everyone
It's all in the tag line above. Amazon is an amazing place to work, but you will work your butt off.  - Stock RSUs - Surrounded by A Players - Always interesting projects
Amazing opportunities for personal and professional growth like no other company I've encountered in my long career.  This is definitely an intense environment to work in BUT I've never encountered a company that provides more support and help for employees. The culture here is like none other.
Meeting a lot of great people, and always knowing you have work to do.
Great Career Opportunities and Flexibility to move withing the company.
Innovative projects, Amazing tech, Customer-focused, Career-focused company
good salary, good teammate, easy bar
Busy team working environment but not very clean
Smart people, beuracracy levels are impressively low for such a large organization, many training and coaching resources, everyone wants to be helpful, practically everyone is energized and owns their work.
Innovative, faced paced and challenging work space!
- Lot of things to learn, innovative work. - Opportunities to develop skills in the multiple areas i.e. technical and leadership. - Easy to move around domains or teams if you are bored or dissatisfied.
Work from home Incentives for bring metrics up or down
Set schedule, good work for bachelors without families
-Constantly trying to innovate w/finding the best new talent
Great benefits, deliberate and well-intentioned human resources, strong initiatives to invent and hire the best talent. Amazon boasts a vastly diverse workforce that continually cultivates innovation and opportunity.
The pay was decent that’s all. There’s nothing really positive except for he benefits but it isn’t worth it. Don’t do it
The pay is great and the environment is friendly.
Guaranteed 40 hours every week. Occasional Mandatory Overtime, benefits from day one.
Get to meet some really cool people, if you like to stand nonstop then this is the place for you
Pay can be great when they are not offering VTO. Monthly bonus based on building performance and your attendance. Stock after 90 days, that you have to allow to rest for two years aka you can't sale it until 2 year. The stock is yours after 90 days if you claim it, yes even if you quit or are fired. Again you can't sale it though, you have to wait two years. Health, vision, and dental are all very cheap. Easy to apply to another department or facility as long as you don't have write ups. They will pay 95 percent of your college tuition up to a certain dollar amount. Jeff Bezos seems to care. They are always asking the opinion of the employees.
Creative company, Smart people, Very Political
If there is no work, they offer VTO (Voluntary time off) either before the day, at the start of the day, during the day. You don't get paid but you don't lose the vacation or paid hours they give you as benefit. Great if you are a student or you have personal errands to do.  I get $2500-$3000/yr from Morgan stanley stock share.
Friendly people, and somewhat easy work with excellent benefits
Decent pay, Full time hours
Great benefits, Really care about the customers.
Good benefits, clean, mostly safe, lots of nice co workers, paid in time
Great place to work. You pick the shift that you desire
Best place to work. awesome work culture
Pace of innovation and customer obsession. Ability to make an impact. Willingness to try and fail. Smart and talented teams. Culture
Excellent work culture and pace of execution
You know what is expected from you everyday. Always constant high energy and success stories. I come from the restaurant industry, so the standing and walking doesn't bother me. It's a physical job that will keep you in shape. This company is booming and it is a great time to become part of the team.
Work 5 days a week, get paid for 18 hours! I work the wrapdown shift only right now and our team is amazing. The shift is supposed to be 12-4am but we finish by 2am almost everyday. As an ambassador, im usually kept behind for a bit, but still only average about 13 hours a week! With perfect attendance for the week, Amazon pays for 18 hours no matter how much we work, so essentially im getting paid for 5 hours I didnt actually work. Doing the math, for me, it comes out to about $20/hr!
I received a paycheck
benefits , pay is ok. people are friendly
Has good benefits and compensation plans. The pay is comparable to those other companies in the area.
$10/hr Up to 20 Hrs Of OT a Week And Paid Personal Time & Breaks Flexible... offered a lot of UPT, PTO & Voluntary Time Off Chose my schedule Only had 1 Manager (worked for 9 months) & She was really efficient Ability to communicate with coworkers & managers easily.. There’s literally a search engine for anything you would need LOTS of gift cards for great work ethics (prr, Working a lot of overtime, etc)  Crosstrained in multiple departments (could be a con if you don’t like the variety or the dept) Team meetings are entertaining & helpful Holiday pay
Great Benefits, Opportunities to make a careeer out of anything once you adbide to the LPs
plenty of teams to choose from with top level developers
plenty of teams to choose from with top level developers
Modern facility, a sense of community, anybody could work here.
Pay is better than games industry standard. Central location downtown is vibrant and accessible via transit. The buildings and facilities are generally pretty nice.
Tough work. Tough culture.
-Cares about your development. -Provides many challenges. -Great culture.
Team environment, flexible schedule, excellent benefits, advancement opportunities, extracaricular advancement availabilities.
Friendly competitive environment. The overall culture when comming into work make you feel like you’re not really at work. Most of the leadership is what builds the culture occasionally approaching you and simply converse with you. Really building a manager associate relationship.
Develop tools are pretty well designed
New company that looks to have a great future shopping generation.
Great benefits and great scheduling!
I work in the Sustainability org. Very cool people, super fulfilling work. People's mileage may vary based on their team but I personally have a very good work/life balance and enjoy coming in every day.
Incredible people, exciting projects, much better work life balance than Amazon gets credit for.
Culture fits like a glove, feels like home. Super smart dedicated teams.
Ownership - You get to own your projects. Design, build and maintain your feature in a product. Freedom- To experiment. It's ok to fail, but there is a huge learning curve. Co-workers: Team and management are very positive.
Variety of problems to solve daily.
Great exposure, given a lot of responsibility
Company has a ton of opportunities, stock is doing great, love of freedom to move around, smart people to work with
Very laid back and easy
Lot of employee benefits, too much fun
Challenging work, opportunity to learn new technology, Growth opportunities, heavy focus on innovation. Quarterly promo cycles.
Very laid back and easy
Lot of employee benefits, too much fun
Challenging work, opportunity to learn new technology, Growth opportunities, heavy focus on innovation. Quarterly promo cycles.
A lot of things are happening at Amazon. Great opportunity to move around different teams.
they offer benefits for full time, nothing for part-time availability for over-time
Fun co-workers, fun managers, and 4-day work weeks
Learn and work for the best company in the field (by a mile) with the brightest people in the world.
Happy go lucky environment. HR is super friendly and had the employee's back and full support. They give away free diets and amazon gear often during peak season. Friendly mangers and everyone's always willing to help. Hard work can pay off of your really motivated and a fast learner.
Flexible hours so i could do other things
Great employees, great atmosphere,
Ability to take pto during shifts as long as you have the hours available if you can't make it 10 hrd
Fair wages and steady hours
Amazon's stock price You will have chances to learn new technologies
Let's face it, the reason we drag ourselves out of bed in the morning is to keep the lights on and keep food in the fridge. You won't starve at Amazon and you also won't pay much for medical services. Experience here is applicable in almost any industry, and their Career Choice program will actually help you get into a different field if you wish (restrictions apply). Also as the company's outlook is very positive, job security and promotion potential are at comfortable levels.
Decent pay and benefits, paid sick time and unpaid time off,
Smart people, highly evolved corporate values, willingness to invest and try new things
Lot of opportunities for career growth if in the right org.
A great thing about amazon is working from home
Benefits are excellent and you receive discounts on several things.
Pay, relaxation, the culture, free food
You can learn a lot for aws
great training program but can be improved
Guaranteed 40 hours weeks , 3 days off unless OT is called
Great benefits package that starts on day one
Coworkers are great and make it fun to come to work every day. Free food and team building activities are a plus.
1) Customer obsessed 2)Work on cutting edge and new products to delight customers 3) Learn from highly talented and driven employees
I get to work with the best and brightest, guide our product development and deliver outstanding experiences for our customers.
Awesome atmosphere and great people to work with
The great benefits and many PTO options. The pay rate is great. The jobs were easy and harmless.
Lots of time off opportunity. No politics. Just go to work do your job and your good.
Good micro management. Flexible office hours.
Great part time job and long lasting as long aa you do a great job.
Badhr bad management about there employee
Great company to work for, always growing, opportunity to set your goals higher. Never fails to know that there is always a reason to want to learn something new even after being with the company for over 5 years.
You learn a lot working at Amazon.
- Pay is highly competitive - Coworkers are all brilliant people - Amazon campus is beautiful and full of amenities
There are many data to analyze. Speedy and dynamic.
The people I work with and the medical insurance are great. I do like working four day weeks sometimes. Plus getting stock is a huge bonus.
Loved the work model of having different jobs. Made sure you never got tired of your job.
You are able to work on important things immediately.
Fast paced and the comparadarie was excellent!
i made my own schedule
The benefits are excellent. Many opportunities for higher positions if you put in the effort. Its a perfect way to learn logistics. You don't have to be at work if you have the time to cover it. With that being said if you don't come to work, you don't have answer any questions or really call out. Your time, your responsibility. Saying you work for Amazon really does get you far outside of work....
Benefits Pay Dress Code Schedule City
Nice people to work with
Not enough shifts were available.
Good pay and benefits
The managers made you feel like a family is SDF 4.
Meet a lot of people and basically get paid to work out
The robots are fast...keep the work flow going and going if you can keep up.
I am on a great team with awesome manager who focuses on career development. We have large goals that we work towards each year and find unique ways for accomplishing those goals. It is a fast pace environment but I really enjoy the challenge. I am motivated to come to work every day.
A fast growing company, a lot of things you can discover and learn here. The schedule is based on team, my team is great, not that stressful as other people said. Colleagues are super smart and helpful. Competitive salary and benefits, nice office location. Can't complain.
+Growth Potential +Exposure +Dynamic Day to Day
I really like the people I work with. It's a bunch of college grads that are new to the city, so we go bowling every week, sometimes skiing during the weekends, and have a ps4 in our team area where we would sometimes take breaks. In terms of work, we all cooperate, and nobody works alone. If there is a guy left behind, there is always a mentor who helps. You also get paid a lot more than it looks like based on your stock.  Thought I should give a positive review out since I like my job.
The best worldwide global network marketing on earth!
I have never been in a place where so many intelligent, easy to work with employees worked. There is no red tape or bureaucracy. Everything works like a well oiled machine. If you ever have an opportunity to work here, JUMP ON IT!
Flexible shifts. Great managers and supervisors. Lot of fun. HR always there on the site ready to help.
Love the work schedule, safe environment, clean work, good people and management and good opportunity to grow professionally
Get to run a business everyday, meet great employees and get to connect with them, amazing benefits, can get promoted quickly if you perform well
Benefits from 1st day of employment
Get to run a business everyday, meet great employees and get to connect with them, amazing benefits, can get promoted quickly if you perform well
Benefits from 1st day of employment
Company really cares for it's employees
Plenty of opportunities for career growth Can work with really smart and intelligent people around Light and tension free work culture
Good starting pay and benitfits available the first day of work.
You can find start up like working environment here with lots of opportunities. The decision making here is really fast.
Decent pay. Lots of responsibilities. Ability to provide feedback that influences outcomes. Relaxed corporate culture. Ample opportunities to advance skills through paid training.
Great people to work with, ruffle rewards and higher pay during holidays, flexible schedule.
Being able to work from home.
* Receive benefits as soon as you start * Flexible schedule if you are recently in school * Career choice program
Can get experience in many roles, great way to build a resume.
Amazon is a wonderful company to work for. Great organization structure in management. They are doing their best to be innovative and forward thinking.
Pay Bonuses Generous time off Co-workers Opportunity Recognition for producing
Great company to work for
great benefits and consistent hours
Amazon's leadership support. Great Benefits
Good salary, get a chance to work on products that add value to peoples lives.
It's fast pace and up to date with the real world problems. Introducing cutting edge technologies is a great way of learning new things.
Comp, Differential pay for nights and weekends. Benefits PTO, vacation, medical dental and vision. Nice hard-working community.
Benefits are not too bad.
Environment encourages innovation and process ownership to improve standard work, lean six sigma, and the associate experience. Compensation program is amazing. Great Health Benefits.
- You will work harder than you ever have in your life. But only for the 4 days a week you work - Company is good about promoting people who work hard (1 yr for L4>L5, 2 more for L5>L6 is standard) - Given a lot of power/responsibility at a name-brand company. Looks good for resume. - Cancel the gym membership lol. Red bull becomes water and Cliff bars are your entire diet. - Good amounts of vacation time - but "work so hard, forgot how to vacation" is super relevant - Not too bad except for Peak, which is kind of really bad but also only like 1.5 months - Come in humble and without an agenda or be hated - Super competitive job, but that’s the fun part.
Benefits are good and pay is great.
Amazon has been a good employer. The benefits are awesome.
Lots of ownership - no micromanagement, great benefits (heath care, parental leave), everyone is passionate and engaged
Many chances to move up can become ambassador then move on to PA or other level three jobs which are 18.95 per hour pay
explore all kinds of possible opportunities
Amazon is on of the fastest growing companies. They have excellent benefits and PTO.
I enjoyed how it was from 6am to 10am
The benefits, Amazon takes care of their own. Lots of opportunities to move around and learn new things. The people there are some of the best people you will ever meet
Set schedule, school accommodations, stock, time off
Good company to work for in general
You'll always get to try new things. Never a dull moment.
None that I seen directly
Great benefits and okay pay
-The flexibility is outstanding, allowing me to create my schedule and decide when and IF I want to work any particular day, or hours. -Equipment is provided. -Opportunities for advancements.
Make your own hours and easy.
Good management, camaraderie, benefits. Employees are treated with respect
Average pay, good benefits, stock rewards, mostly fun culture, employee discount
Lots of learning, moves fast, people are sharp. City campus is great.
From my experience the main reasons you want to work at Amazon are for the benefits and networking potential. You earn knowledge communicating with others and the job keeps you physically active.
customer obsession and is good place to learn
Fun to work at and great people
At amazon there are very Nice people there so i’d say thats a pro for the company, and the managers are super nice.
They'll take about anyone.
The orientation, paperwork, and all of the not-so-fun stuff can easily be done online in the comfort of your own home. Before work, we would all stretch, which I think is very important. Our team leaders were really nice, helpful, and easy to talk to. The work could get pretty fast-paced but it wasn't too difficult and I left feeling like I had a nice work-out. The company provided us with catered food for holidays, snacks from time to time, and also gift card giveaways. The pay was average. Overall I really enjoyed working here!
Extremely smart people to work with
good pay great benefits day one
Flexible schedule. Great managers. Work benefits.
Fast paced, innovative, with strong leadership
This company has a great culture about it and was a joy to work for, would recommend.
Great benefits: insurance, stock options, paternity/maternity leave, etc.  Time off: Accrued vacation time, paid time off, and unpaid time off, depending on number of regular and overtime hours worked.  Excellent training program: Two weeks of fun and informative paid training before hitting the floor.  Extras: Lots of free Amazon gear, volunteer opportunities, occasional fun programs such as themed trivia days, grill-outs, catered meals every day during the busy months.
bring dog to work, fun enviroment, great working place, innovative ideas
It's nice working downtown in a cool area.
Quite amazing what goes on there
They give you hours with decent pay Their benefits are pretty good They have snacks and microwaves and TVs and games in the break room
Amazon has pushed me outside my comfort zone as result, I have expanded my skill set and become more capable.
Excellent position from which to learn the workings of Amazon's fulfillment centers. Great starting position in operations with a great company.
Great and affordable healthcare options that start on day one, Generous time off options and worthwhile bonuses that will keep you motivated.
- Amazonians are simply amazing. So many intelligent and creative people who, while confident, remain humble, friendly, and helpful. - Depending on your role and experience with AWS, it can take a long time to get up to speed, but that is calculated for new hires with a considerable amount of training and time given to reach the potential that was seen during the interviews. - The AWS platform is the most technologically advanced of the CSPs, so learning and gaining experience on it greatly contributes to technical development. - The company's culture is customer obsessed for the long-term. Leaders don't make poor decisions for short-term gains, they make decisions based on what's best for the customer (even if it causes short-term loses). - The Leadership Principles aren't just posters on walls, they are internalized by everyone and they influence every decision and action. It should be the lead case study for an MBA organizational leadership course. - Having a bias for action is encouraged - if you see a need, you are empowered to find and lead a solution. If you accidentally "step on someone's toes", it is met with understanding and encouragement for your actions rather than a negative turf battle.
Great company to work with benifits.
On-boarding experience, Salary, Benefits, Bonus structure are all fantastic. The facility, campus, location, are amazing with lots of shops and restaurants near by. I love my view!.
great place to work and get promoted.
Unlimited Growth potential and an incredible culture in a corporate office
The hours and pay was good and Mangement was great, good location because it was close to home , people were very friendly and supportive of one another. I enjoyed my time there but it was seasonal part time work I wanted to stay but there no available positions
Awesome company and work goes by fast
Managers try to make the job easier when they can, but the "code writers" haven't a clue how to manage work flow on the warehouse floor, and still miss label product on the scanners despite cut and paste run rampant at HQ.
It’s a stress free environment with lots of perks and friendly staff. The shifts start with loud music and a short workout to get you motivated. It’s a fast paced job that makes time fly.
- Good benefits - Amazing coworkers: Really the best reason to work here. - Close to the T (Red Line) - Some managers are are really special and good. Not all of them, but some of them. - Prestigious name for your resume - Technically a job
Benefits and paid time off
Pays well and the stock is a plus. The people are fantastic.
Career mobility and exciting new businesses
Fast paced. Lots of motivated and intelligent coworkers. Culture is customer and data driven, rather than “PM driven” like other companies that hire software engineers.  Good management will make sure you’re spending time on meaningful projects.
Entry level makes good money, at lot opportunities for advancement
not too much pressure and working environment is good
Great benefits, fun people
Fun people to work with. Short work weeks. Approachable leadership.
Consistency and bonuses are good. Excellent facilities management is generally friendly and supportive and the career choice program helps a lot to further your career
Decent pay. Fast paced environment.
Very good bonus for overtime.
- Pretty good compensation, but not willing to negotiate - Very good opportunities within the company
I'm happy. Will keep working.
Extremely data driven - the culture and process forces people to make smart decisions  Management recognizes and rewards true contribution vs. showboating or office politics.  Culture of fixing things instead of assigning blame. Management tolerates well-intentioned mistakes.  Most people are good at their job, and some are truly exceptional  Great compensation - esp. if you have stock, which is tearing through all records
- Challenging problems to solve - Flexible to work from home - Good medical benefits. - Bring your dog to work.
Fast paced, energetic workplace with an innovative culture.
Laid back atmosphere. The people are friendly.
Infinite learning possibilities, cutting-edge technology, decent pay and benefits
You get paid every week
The Retail part of Amazon is fast-pace and has teams made of some of the smartest people I have worked with. You will learn and ramp up quite fast, and are true owners of your scope, on a day-to-day basis, there is not much politics involved and one is meant to take one’s own decisions by oneself. Within your own team, you will be considered as a true leader for your category, owning your part of the P&L. Awesome place to deliver results and get the best ecommerce training.
Allows you to work from home
I love the culture, the drive to think outside the box and the ability to help create something amazing! Taking everything I have learned in my industry and using those experiences to be part of one of the most respected names in the world is amazing.
Big name and good benefit
Work isn't so hard, I guess.. Benefits (that I never used), Paid time/holidays, 50 cent raises every 6 months (until you reach the maximum, which I can't remember right now), they'll pay tuition after 2 yrs (I think), pay for your CDL after 1 yr, stocks after 2 yrs. And they offer you a buyout if you want to leave the company (have to be there a yr & you'd get $1,000 for each yr you've worked). But listen to me... BENEFITS ARE EVERYWHERE!!!! Don't let this job fool you into thinking that you can't find the SAME STUFF elsewhere! You definitely can!! I've seen so many young people go there right after high school and end up there long afterwards, it's just so sad. A lot of people who've been there for years have COLLEGE DEGREES... Don't get caught up!
Full time,40hrs+, great benefits, made new friends, great management
Good people good work place
Company manages talent globally, lots of flexibility to move locations for similar work
you can get things done quickly once leadership signs off
Flexible work hours Water always available
Good benefits and ok if your willing to put in a lot of hours
The talent at amazon is amazing. People are hardworking and intelligent, they do whatever it takes to do get something done. There is always something to work on and they are forward looking and have all employees contribute to that culture
Good benifits and schedule, fantastic facilities, and good retirement plan. Offer school accommodations and assistance as well as national and international transfer opportunities.
There are awesome opportunities for growth and promotion with a flexible schedule. Input on how to improve the business is very well received.
Customer Obsession, it is refreshing to work at a company that cares so much about the satisfaction of the customer, and doing what is right for the customer. 14 Leadership Principals - it's not just for marketing, or fluffy company slogan, the company really does believe, and operate against these principals. Professional growth opportunities, excited workforce, innovative products and services... just a fun, exciting place to work.
Complex problems. Smart coworkers. Passionate managers. Data driven decisions.
Customers are doing amazing things with technology. It's exciting to see the many ways that customers leverage cloud technologies, and to be part of the future of technology innovation.  People across the organization are generally helpful, welcoming, and available.  There is a serious respect for knowledge, constant learning/curiosity, and training. With an abundance of internal training available, there is ample opportunity to learn about technologies, the many cloud services, and applying this knowledge to help customers drive their business.  As the business is growing, things are dynamic, always changing (a pro to me), and there are many opportunities for growth.
Leadership principles, Job Satisfaction & New challenges.
Very data-driven Passion for customer Lots of career growth opportunity Freedom to innovate Minimum amount of process to deliver high-quality results quickly Nimble, able to move fast Builder mindset Clear thinking around business decisions using the "document" process Solid design thinking Non-contributors don't last. I've seen several L7 Principals get moved out because they were "coasting" Awesome stock progress Leadership principles very solid. They are actually followed in hiring, promotion, & daily work I've seen execs change for the positive based on system feedback "Continuously improve" mentality in all aspects of the company Opportunity for career advancement is strong. Fairly clear path for promotion that is employee-driven. "Customer first" principle also filters into how HR, IT, and other areas of the company serve the employees.
Modern company that expects excellence, and respects employees. Innovators dream company.
- Culture for getting things done. - Passionate engineers. - Early on stress for Operations & Products. - Great place for product innovators.
Amazing people Very supportive Leadership Innovative and fast paced Family friendly work environment Amazing Peers Mature workforce Balance approach to worklife .  I have been working for 14+ years in my life and Amazon lab126 is one of the best employers that I consider myself fortunate enough to be working for. I love the people and the culture here. I have never seen so much cohorence to their "leadership principles". I have been able to create some major impacts in the company without a problem. If you have a good idea and would like to contribute to its culture and diversity you are highly valued here. The people... the people are you work with are simply amazing. Always ready to deliver, fast paced and fully committed to get it done attitude. I love amazon lab126 and would highly highly recommend anyone to work here.
Amazing people Very supportive Leadership Innovative and fast paced Family friendly work environment Amazing Peers Mature workforce Balance approach to worklife .  I have been working for 14+ years in my life and Amazon lab126 is one of the best employers that I consider myself fortunate enough to be working for. I love the people and the culture here. I have never seen so much cohorence to their "leadership principles". I have been able to create some major impacts in the company without a problem. If you have a good idea and would like to contribute to its culture and diversity you are highly valued here. The people... the people are you work with are simply amazing. Always ready to deliver, fast paced and fully committed to get it done attitude. I love amazon lab126 and would highly highly recommend anyone to work here.
Been working at AWS as a Solutions Architect for over three years now, it's been great experience for me so far. I work hard, like to learn new things, and care about my customers, those align very well with Amazon's leadership principles. I get to work with talented people at AWS and companies of various sizes(from the largest Fortune 500 to small startups) and use the latest greatest technologies in Big Data and AI/ML.
Pay is excellent, Amazon discounts, other benefits
Stock keeps going up, good experience for employees that you can take to a more employee friendly company, interesting products
Respect for diversity, merit-based promotions, strong employee affinity groups, exciting culture of innovation, feeling of making a difference in the world.
It’s rewarding and has incentives to working hard. There are also paid holidays in addition to getting time off. They offer extra shifts when other shifts need extra people
Legal team is amazing. Brilliant co-workers.
a lot of good techs to learn from. Work life balance is not bad (this depends on what team you are in).
reliable work, lots of overtime during peak
Benefits, co-workers, days and hours
Fast pace, lots of opportunities
Get paid every week and the schedule is very flexible
Good teams working on big problems
Great place to work here
Fast paced work, exciting company
Straight forward management, flexible, not too complicated.
Supportive coworkers, creative atmosphere, positive work environment
- Weekday managers were pretty cool - Shift premium for overnights was $1.00 on top of the base $12.25/hr, so I ended up with about $800 a paycheck, which is great college money - Optional health benefits (didn't use them myself, but others told me they were good enough that they kept that awful job) - Lots of opportunity for job rotation and learning new roles, kept things semi-interesting - Excellent break room and plenty of snacks to buy, plus game systems to play on during break - You can quit same-day on-the-spot by walking into HR and filling out a form, and Amazon will still hire you back if you do this, since they consider it "reasonable notice" (not that I'd want to ever go back)
Amazingly talented people to work with Scale of problems to solve
you get paid on time
Dental for blue badge and Amazon discount. Human resources are professional, available but ultimately serve Managment.
Easy job task and if you try something new they don't hold it against you if you mess up.
A positive atmosphere. Lots of incentives offered in the form of gift cards, all equipment needed such as vests, gloves, box cutters, clips, even aspirin, Advil, allergy, stomach medications are dispensed free. The shifts are divided into 4 hour segments. (9:30 a to 1:30 p : 3:30 - 7:30p: 8:30p - 12:30a: 1:00 - 5:00a) with an hour in between each new shift. You’re allowed to pick your own hours. No interview, you’re just hired as a group. Opportunities to work extra shifts. You work as a team. Various jobs available to do so it doesn’t get boring.
Guaranteed hours. Cheap insurance. gives unpaid/paid time off. your pay comes on times. your manager may help depending what he sees you as.
Pay, education programs,social life, meet new people
I appreciate the opportunity and benefits provided by Amazon.
Benefits are truly some of the best in the area
Full time employment, benefits, consistent hours
- Breaks are paid - Great co-workers - Overall good enviromemt
Amazon is very big and a lot of tools and opportunities.
Great employees, great hours , always work
Its Fun, Safe, Benefits, Cool people and Quick.
*Fast-paced environment *Always changing and improving processes, never boring! *Great managers to work for *Exciting to work for a company that is doing so much, get to work on cool projects *Access to continuous learning, both hard and soft skills *Office HQ in lively city center *Flexible office hours (depending on team/manager)
Good environment to work in.
This job had no positive aspects. From the start of the on-boarding process, I was blatantly deceived.
Steady pay. Good benefits. Kept me physically fit.
Fast paced and challenging work environment. You will work with a lot of interesting and friendly people. Very competitive rates of pay. Excellent benefits.
You will get to work on some of the new products, which is yet to be launched.
Stable employment, opportunities for growth and tuition assistance, benefits. Great full-time job for someone young with little work experience and in reasonable shape.
Fast pace working environment. Work on latest new technologies. Many different fields are available to find work in. Provide great working environment.
Decent job, no two days are the same, meet new different people every day
great benefits great benefits and 401k
None there is nothing good about working in this death trap
Benefits are excellent. While the work is challenging, there are ample opportunities for upward mobility.
Benefits , management , communication, opportunities,
Excellent benefits that start day one. Company match 401K. Polite and helpful management. Friendly Human Resources department.
it's good to be in the company, encourage for learning new things, bias for action, customer obsession
It was fast paced, and the benefits were really good. Not to mention 14.50 an hour is a score the cafeteria was big and had lots of space for everyone to put their thing sin the fridges. It was a fun environment
-Good Environment - New buildings - People who work there
Weekly pay. Work is simple and doesn't require a brain. Extremely easy to get hired.
Incredible energy. Smart People. Ownership of anything you want. Chance to constantly build a business, and make an impact.
Possible three day weekend, great benefits, amazing co-workers
big opportunities, lots to learn
Fantastic benefits, laid-back culture, minimal dress code and top-notch technology.
Nice website and free prime.
Easy work, Fast Pace, Under 5 hours a shift
Only work 4 days out of the week. Consistent schedule. Not having to work late at night.
good exercise because you walk all over the place the whole day
They provided an in depth training process
The best part about the job is being apart of the best company in the world. Being apart of the process is an incredible feeling and one that is hard to match.
very good to work here
Great place to work and great people
I love working for Amazon EWR5 of Avenel, NJ for the work environment, professional coworkers, personalized care for each package and customer, flexible hours and the BEST CEO @JEFF BEZOS in the AMAZONOSPHERE
Fast pace and energetic team members make this a fun place to work. Taking risks and trying some new is encouraged.
Autonomy, no boss looking over your shoulder, direct deposit twice a week, customer service is highest priority.
the only pros to this job is the maternity leave policy. Also overtime opportunities though you won't even want to no matter how much you may need the extra money
Fast pace, innovation and a lot of resources to use.
Busy work pace, efficient, and coworkers all had positive mental attitude.
lots of benefits, really take care of you, HR has lots of fun themes and chances to win prizes on every shift. Great atmosphere
Large amount of responsibilities, good amount of autonomy, good pay
Flexible hours  You know what you're getting into. A lot of walking and lifting boxes but I enjoy the workout. Great upper management
The best part of working at Amazon's sortation facilities as a part time associate is the steady hours at a variety of flexible times that let you work there in addition to another job.
Wage Hours Benefits Growth within company People Wage People fjfdadgbv xjfsx
Easy job and great pay.
Train your warehouse leaders better
Amazon is a good place to work if you are looking for career development and the benefits are good as well.
Amazon enables you to make/execute decisions without having to vie for approvals from middle management (which itself, is mostly non-existent in the classical sense). Every job that I have worked at Amazon has been incredible challenging, which I enjoy, it is great to work for a company where I feel like I am learning something new and developing myself personally each day. It also advocates strongly for using new technologies within the industry, and allows for a "fail fast, fail often" environment that fosters innovation.
Benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits
They pay.  Not a real job but lots of real people.
Decent pay, great insurance packages, 4 days on 3 days off schedule
Great benefits quick raises!
Medical, and above NJ minimum wages
Work from home, good insurance
Great benefits, good pay, easy to move up in the company, love the culture, everything is basically done online from the interview, to calling in sick/coming late so you never need an excuse
Great pay Benefit package Thanked for hard nights doing large amounts of volume We’ll recognition from public when you say where you work
Great co workers and manager will help you succeed in this environment.
- Inspiring to be part of such an innovated company - Exponential potential for AMG to provide the market with an undeniable solution
The creativeness and brilliance of the teams keeps my mind refreshed daily.
One can gain good experience working on different domains and technologies
This review is for Amazon, but not for the Amazon that most users of Glassdoor might think of, the master-of-the-world Amazon where digital overlords rule the realm of consumer goods from cubicle keyboards. I am talking about working at the warehouses, known as fulfilment centers. Like me, you never planned to find yourself at such a job, but there are benefits.  First let me say that that I don’t consider my job at an Amazon FC as a career, but as I am working here after a long hiatus from the professional life, I found myself needing to make the most of the job. Pride, Pleasure, Purpose. For each of these components of happiness, you will need to create your own narratives since, frankly, the company does a below average job providing you any.  The work is physically hard and productivity is closely monitored, but, depending on your motivational needs at the moment, you can either consider this either the cheapest (that is, you are getting paid) or the most expensive (when considering the opportunity costs) ten hour aerobic workout you can ever get. Get the most out of the sweat. All of those gym classes in those fancy gyms have nothing on the workout you can get at a warehouse.
Pretty relaxing environment. It's still solid hard work, though. They offer cool perks here and there, especially during the holiday season. Seems like there are potential opportunities for growth also.
You get to work with very smart people on immensely important projects. The benefits are great. The pay is satisfactory.
Great family owned operation. Wonderful staff.
The opportunity to work for the greatest company in the world. Adequate benefits. Plenty of opportunity to advance if you are dedicated.
actively learning new skills and facing daily challenges
Worked with some of the smartest and determined peers who work very hard to get where they want to be. My peers were the best part of the job and the unity of the Area Managers is unmatched. You will learn a lot and learn it very fast. This job is a crash course in every difficult situation you can go through as a manager. This job definitely made me a stronger manager. You will push yourself for this job mentally and physically, but the positive is you learn what you want in your career.
Constantly evolving! It is a company that is not afraid of change and trying new things. The position itself is fast paced, a lot of face time with associates, and never dull. Advancement is there for those who want it. You can relocate anywhere you want, Amazon is everywhere.
Learn a lot about current management techniques - 6 Sigma, 5 S, and Lean Strategies... looks good on a resume
Great medical benefits for you.
Extremely high ownership very quickly in your career Ability to move and learn new functions across the firm (although that's changed with the recent hiring freeze in the Retail divisions) Innovation + Automation
Instant benefits. Stock issue of 2 Amazon shares (2 years to vest). Easy online access to all personal information.
Simple, mental tasks. If you like physical work.
The benefits, stock options, career advancement, innovation, ability to change your processes, located throughout the country and ability to relocate if you desire
To build my career and imrove the company
Everyday provides new challenges or problems to solve for our customers. I have never once felt board or that my skills were not being used. There is freedom to stretch out and put your skills to use while learning new ones at the same time. The ability to work next to people who have the same motivations and passion that I do has been a breath of fresh air. Seeing everyone embody and use our Leadership Principles everyday is amazing. The last part I will add is the same thing I tell people before I will refer them for positions. Make sure you embody all of our leadership principles because if you don't it might not be a good fit. We use them everyday and in all of our decision making. So, if you embody our principles and are looking for challenge and want to be part of history then Amazon might be the place for you.
Most companies have some leadership principles. Amazon has its own version too. However, unlike many companies, I see it being valued and put to work in every aspect of the business.  This is a company where the following are valued (in my opinion): * thinking it through before jumping in (it's okay to say 'I'll get back to you with the data'), * pace of delivering results in the face of uncertainty (a.k.a. a good mix of resourcefulness and hustle), * seeking guidance from mentors and getting feedback from peers and experts (having an ego can be detrimental) * thinking big (a.k.a. scaling up, be it a service, or number of customers) * having a data-backed opinion (providing recommendations and improving processes/technologies are encouraged)
Opportunity for growth Competitive pay Open door policy
- Incredibly talented and experienced people working here - Great growth and innovation culture - Tremendous opportunities for personal development
I have worked in Seattle for Amazon the past 2 years. I have really liked my time thus far. Working at Amazon has stretched me and allowed me to flex muscles i haven't had the opportunity to use in previous company. There is plenty of opportunity and most exciting is that it is up to you to seek those opportunities and make them happen. + fast paced work environment that will push you + smart and engaging co-workers + the things i work on are exciting to me + Amazon's approach to trying new things, experiementing, investing in businesses etc. Working here, you take similar approaches and investments + Constant opportunity - there is no restrictions on internal transfers and if your ideas are good enough, it is possible to build your own role + the pay, especially Amazon stock which every employee receives + location, buildings, amenities are all great
Smart, hard working, motivated colleagues Fast paced Challenging, interesting work Great offices No bureaucracy Lots of diversity
Reasonable hours. Good pay. Office in the city. Overwhelmingly competent coworkers. Straightforward career progression.
all good very understanding company
Flexible scheduling, positive atmosphere, fair supervisors
great coworkers and nothing else
Super flexible. Constant learning and improvement. The bar is set pretty high which I really like. You are encouraged to make noise on behalf of your customers.
Good work culture, you keep learning throughout your work. Very exciting!
Great culture- Have Fun. Work Hard. Make History. Never gets boring. Always new changes at a fast pace. Customer obsessed- you feel like you are making a real meaningful impact.
Amazon is a very dynamic company. Though its turnover rate is high, it offers opportunity for people who are new and willing to work hard. And there is fewer politics problem compared with other companies, like Microsoft or Google that I have worked for before
I can't say anything bad.
Pros and Cons may vary from team to team. Great work environment Flexible Schedule Many opportunities to learn Great team culture
Pros and Cons may vary from team to team. Great work environment Flexible Schedule Many opportunities to learn Great team culture
love working from home and helping drivers and customers
one of the biggest Multinational company
Coming from a background outside of Human Resources, I learned more about this career field in a few short months than I would have learned at another company in years. It really helped me grow and develop my strengths, along with help me find areas I could improve.  Coworkers are amazing. They are intelligent, hard workers, and supportive of you and the team (at least mine were). The thing I miss most about that job was the friendships I made at work. The medical insurance benefits are terrific, and the compensation is really good for one's field.  Three day weekends were incredible! It gave me time to go out and explore the city and do things on my own that I wouldn't have the opportunity to do otherwise.  There are so many free perks! Gift cards and prizes during peak season and employee appreciation lunches. If you want to get your SHRM certificate, they even have courses you can take to learn. Mentoring opportunities are endless, and they have week-long corporate trainings to meet other coworkers in your same field from across the U.S. and Canada.
Work from home, consistent work, regular on-time pay.
easy job, good for students
Health insurance is bomb to be honest (since day 1), 401K, bonus (is called VCP and when the peak comes you get a good one!)
Amazon has one of the best benefit packages I've received other than military.
Is a excellent company ,, they have good opportunities .
People in the advertising org are nice, smart, and great to work with. The ad group is growing really quickly so it's an exciting time to be here. There's a lot of room to carve out your own niche and experiment. Pay (salary, signing bonus, stock) and benefits are very good. There aren't any crazy hours and most teams are flexible about working remotely. I haven't seen any evidence of the negative stereotypes about the company. I definitely see myself here for the long term.
Great company. lots of opportunities to move internally
4 day work week with benefits
1st class all the way.
They treat EAs as important partners. Very understanding of those who have families and need time off. Work life balance has been great
The floor workers make the job worth staying.
free cofee and Ice for workers
Open work environment, Challenging tasks, Never boring, interesting projects
All of my research regarding the position I was recruited for matches the work I'm doing. I'm been with Amazon close to a year now and thoroughly enjoy my work. I'm constantly challenged and I'm always learning.
Great daily pay rate, friendly atmosphere
Decent pay, reasonable benefits.
People are nice and friendly
You’re not micromanaged if you meet your rates
Benefits, Coworkers, Experience is great.
Great culture, awesome stock price =)
Great work/life balance. I recently had a baby, & my Manager & Director regularly stop by to tell me to take off any time I need for bonding, doctor's appointments, or just to help out at home.  Great compensation & benefits. I can't speak for every person in every role, but I'd be hard-pressed to find another employer with better compensation & benefits in Orange County.  Interesting projects. I truly enjoy & believe in the products I work on. I'm afforded opportunities to mold & change them in positive ways. And I can tell that my teammates feel the same way.
Good job and everyone is nice
-You're in control of your time off -Good Management -Overtime opportunities -Opportunities for performing different roles and growth in company -Extra money around the holidays
Young energy, customer obsession (in theory), compensation, some really talented, smart, and creative coworkers among the entry level corporate ranks. Dogs everywhere, especially golden retrievers and corgis. There are some good managers, good groups, creative thinkers who care about quality. Pretty LGBTQ-friendly, more trans-friendly than some.
None at all don't ever apply!
Stress free environment. Skillful workforce. Fine organization at every aspect of all operations.
Benefits are amazing and start on your first day of hire
Positive work environment with quality management.
great pay treatment was well
Opportunities a plenty. Warehouses all over the world and a lot of different career paths to pursue. Help with schooling and schedules and lots of associate recognition
This is a great place to work.
Well known company, opportunity for growth once you have done your time
The learning at Amazon is never-ending and there is always opportunity for growth
Great health insurance when full time, amazing start out pay, paid time off, vacation time, and co workers are always friendly and helpful.
They are always hiring, so that's great.
Good pay, overtime opportunities, pto, vto, vacation, benefits, 401k, life insurance, etc.
Benefits start on day one
its laid back, no dress code, dont have to worry about crazy color hair.
The leadership principles are your beacon here at Amazon. Don't overlook their significance. Challenges are significant and pace is blistering.
It is fun nice people
It is very flexible and quick pace.
Paid time off, Productivity bonus, Chances to move inside Amazon
Stocks are generous. Work with smart people.
good location plenty of snacks opportunities for job growth
salary is still all good
Overtime opportunity Frequent Raises Paid Time Off
Overtime opportunity Frequent Raises Paid Time Off
Excellent benefits from day one
I would making my own schedule. I also like being home for family. Not sure the perks of being paid to breast pump for your baby will last. I love that aspect. Customers who are nice make my day!
The healthcare benefits are amazing. Less than $350 / month for your entire family. Hebron is a great location. No city traffic to deal with. Prime Pantry is not affected by Peak season very much. People are usually only fired for using all their time off and then some.
Fast pace, easy to pick up, DAY 1 insurance!!! Peak is daunting, 60hours a week required but compensation is decent!
Freebies are always given and managers are nice .
Influence how entire industries approach IT Incredibly smart peers Compassionate management who spend time sharing tricks for balancing work and life High intra-company job mobility
You get a lot of money for doing a beautiful job. The Location was also really good, in a very lively location, and Amazon has a lot of events keeping our lives interesting.
Benefits, benefits, benefits. All from day 1. Lots of diversity, plenty of career paths to choose from.
There's really good people there, but that's it. Good managers & fun environment. Love my managers.
There's really good people there, but that's it. Good managers & fun environment. Love my managers.
* Money is good, company RSUs are pretty lucrative (in the past couple of years anyways). * Wide range of technologies to use. * Wide range of talent to work with.
I met some amazing people
The Pros to Amazon are the Benefits that you get first day, VCP ,it's like extra money on your check for the building being productive and also that Entry Level associates can move up in Company (easier if willing to relocate).
You take breaks in between your shift. You meet alot of people. There are plenty different jobs there.
Being in the core business sector
Great company -- exciting place to be. Unique culture. Great leadership principles
Unique work culture that includes direct contact with individuals who dabble in genius. Some of the best people I've met I get to work with every day. Great work like balance with a unicorn sense of fulfillment. Why aren't you working here yet?
I feel empowered working at Amazon and I have a great work life balance.
Great company to work for. Great benefits, time off package is very generous, people there were great.
- Good pay, considering it's not minimum wage. - Plenty of time off options. As long as you have the hours to take the day off, they don't care. - 3 days off (unless overtime is called).
Alot of paid time off and unpaid time off opportunities
Very good benefits, good training easy to get prommted always room for improvement.
Decent pay. Plenty of breaks
Great pay and bonuses your first 2 years.
Flexibility in form of UPT, VTO and vacations. Health benefits plus stock market shares and bonuses during peak time.
Constantly learning culture Smart people Big dreams can be realized Thinking Big is encouraged Writing culture - encouraging one to think through ideas
flexible, caring, opportunities, fun, innovating
I love working at Amazon. My organization and team is extremely supportive in allowing me to pursue projects I am passionate about. As a new grad I have had a lot of guidance and support from organization leaders and can go to them with any ideas or concerns that I have. I feel like the decisions I make and the inputs I express matter to leaders.
Work life balance, and freedom to handle schedule is great. Easy to connect with more experienced co-workers / leaders. Flexible career paths + the ability to tailor career plans to personal interests / desires. Once onboard with Amazon, there are plenty of opportunities make internal moves / work on exciting projects
Lives its leadership principles in all decisions. Requires critical thinking in all that you do Brutally honest feedback reduces the need for politics Brilliant coworkers
Collaborative engineers and management. Everyone takes a personal sense of ownership.
Good people and amazing environment to work in
Well organized Professional Best time management
This company really believes and follows it's values (the Leadership Principles) and they're good, practical, real, and substantial guidelines for how to do business - not the typical nonsensical, useless-aphorism-laden corporate values that most large companies have.  Amazon is incredibly nimble and autonomous. It's not hard to start something here.  The people here are incredibly smart - the caliber of my coworkers is inspiring.  At least on my team, work / life balance is easy to achieve and encouraged. No one is working under crazy stressful conditions or long hours. Everyone leaves at a reasonable hour, works reasonable hours, doesn't work the weekend, takes vacation. My coworkers are all really respectful, polite, and encouraging.  Unlike some other tech companies, everything Amazon does is grounded in a real, substantial, solid retail business. We sell real stuff - not advertising or attention or eyeballs - so the decisions the company makes are grounded in that reality, and I think it helps keep folks from drifting off into outer space too often.  Amazon is incredibly flexible. You can easily switch to other departments, job roles, etc. It's the best place to grow your career.
I have no pros of this company. If it is up to me, I would reverse every thing they have done in Seattle.
Great environment to learn and grow as a person. Entry level through upper management have great benefits and a path to move up in the company.
Good working environment. You get to work with a lot of driven and smart people
Amazing, talented people who genuinely want to win
Amazon provides its employees with great opportunities to work in various parts of the country on a variety of teams. Very good leadership from the top down. Pretty good benefit package, including restricted stock units. Your level of engagement helps drive your success.
a lot of biz growth opportunity
I wish I could think of one.
Lots of cool products to work on
The pay is great,good work environment. Loved working for the company
Though I work third shift here, they’re flexible. You have plenty of break time, and just about everyone is friendly.
Great company to work for, great atmosphere and friendly staff, managers are sharp and very friendly
Work with really smart people Work with exciting technologies - AWS, ML, etc Fast pace , you'll never get bored.
The benefits are amazing here
Flexible hours, Short Shifts, Holiday OT pay
The pay and insurance was great
Great Environment, great people that work there.
Good benefits, easy to work with Human Resources and Management. College course tuition assistant programs are in place to help students.
Pay, hours, benefits, system, opportunities.
The people you meet there can help you push through the long days.The friends I met there become more of family because I spend more time with them than my family.
great benefits for the employees
Decent Pay. Alright Benefits. good sign on bonus.
The people I work with are super down to Earth and the hard work pays off.
Good benefits, very good work environment
- better pay than minimum wage - time-off options -set schedule - company morale - shift options
Benefits, good schedule, stock options
- No politics - Great managers - Surrounded by smart people - Feel challenged every day - Lots of perks - Work/life balance - Satisfaction in what I'm doing - Family oriented environment
The pros about Amazon is that you get 3 days off and during peak you can win prizes. They also provide thanksgiving meal for associates .
Able to get a discount while working there, and schedule was not bad.
Good benefits Good people to work with
Great culture and team a people that you can learn from.
Great hours, ethical company
Colleagues are very bright and intelligent
Lot of opportunities to expand your career and impact free lunch in some subsidiaries very open culture
big company comes with perks--lots of resources, movement within company, growth opportunities hard-working, smart, creative peers respectful work environment, direct communication
Flexible on work hours and location, lots of opportunity for career advancement, ability to transfer at any time to different teams or areas of interest, restricted stock unit options given with competitive total comp package, new annual review process is extremely positive and strengths based process, ability to pitch new ideas and make them a reality (you can create your own role if you find something that aligns with Amazon's LPs and can add value to the company), lots of current focus on growing individuals from within company paired with individual/team goals and career advancement plans.
Fun, productive, safe fast paced.
Growth potential, Amazon brand name, and the opportunity to communicate with other Amazon employees
Flexibility Wages a bit more than minimum Simple tasks
+ The compensation is outstanding. Highest pay, benefit, stock, vacation package in my area. + You will learn a great deal about the distribution industry. + Looks great on a resume + You will work with an educated, smart, and hard working peer group.
- Fast paced environment - Cheap lunch options - Easy clocking in and out
Better pay than most jobs in the area. Random perks (meals,merchandise,etc.) Easy
1. The people at Amazon are amazing, the culture among the lower level staff is great. Almost everyone is incredibly friendly, very helpful, and very hardworking. There are a lot of people who are stars, they can do any task no matter how complex, and they are always willing to help you out or share their knowledge.  2. Many of the people managers are also wonderful, they care deeply about their employees and their development, although they are limited by Amazon's organizational structure.
Name recognition is literally the only thing they have going for them. Worst place I have ever worked.
I wanted to wait a year to write this review, as I was so happy working here my first few months that I wanted to have a fuller perspective to write this. After a year in, I have to say I enjoy working here as much as I did the day I started. Amazon is a unique place to work. After having worked at so many tech companies that are run like dictatorships, it's nice to be somewhere where everyone's input is not only listened to, but encouraged. Amazon has an amazing hiring bar and because of this they expect everyone to be contributing to advancing their product. The high hiring bar also means that you will always work with amazingly smart people. You'll never have to pick up the slack for a team mate who just doesn't get it. Everyone is skilled and driven. Managers work constantly with their team to focus on career goals. You let your manager know where you want to be in 1/3/5 years and a clear path is written up on how to get there. Then focus is given to make sure tasks are made available to you to get there, or you find those tasks yourself and take some "bias for action" and just do them.
*Supportive Team Leads and colleagues *Opportunity to move up *Freedom to make decisions on each call /chat *This company genuinely cares about its customers and employees *Opportunities for Voluntary Time Off , Unpaid Time Off, Paid Time Off, Vaca Time, etc, to maintain a healthy work/home life. *Very flexible schedule options *Overtime opportunities in 30 minute sign up slots, rewarded 1 hour of Unpaid Time Off after signing up for 4 OT hours within a pay period *So many opportunities to keep learning , *Interaction with your team and team lead / manager at all times via "chat room" I could go on and on ! :-)
work from home, equipment provided
Great benefits Never the same day twice, it's always "Day 1" Challenge yourself every day
Good hiring. Good filtering. Excellent rounds to test one's ability.
Great opportunity to develop others, especially college hires
I think it's a good job opportunity and to have a good salary. grasias
Great work environment and people
Loved the energy there. Fast paced environment
Stock value (for now) and opportunity to cross orgs
Good coworkers. Provided snacks and coffee.
Great pay, decent people
Opportunity to grow and develop and earn a livable wage
hours and lunch were great
Feels Good to help nonprofits
Flexible, Decent pay, Fast days.
Good overtime great self esteem booster
time off regular incentives regular schedule and dependable environment
The people in the trenches understand the work at hand and will develop a familial respect toward you or anyone that does what we do every night.
Free thanksgiving dinner, overtime, prizes during holidays
Interesting problems and room to learn and grow
Good work environment, nice people
Good pay, fixed days/hours with minimal worry of schedule changes
Good to work there on daily basis.
Amazing benefits. Health, dental, and vision insurance less than $50 every two weeks. Insurance begins immediately upon hire. Upon getting hired you start with Vacation time, Unpaid time, and personal paid time off. Excellent management and HR team on back half 3rd shift at Cha2. Outbound pick department is easy to learn. Very fast paced work which makes the night go by quicker. VTO (voluntary time off) offered if it gets slow, but you can stay if you like. 4 days/10 hour shifts. 3 days off. I have been working there for 1 year 7 months and love it.
good pay, voluntary overtime, and 40 hour weeks
Literally the easiest job to get hired for. No resume needed. Anyone can work here.  Most co-workers are great working on the battlefield together. Most Flex drivers are good too.
Amazon in general is an innovative company and the opportunities for professional growth are unlimited - both within and beyond your current role. My current team members are supportive, intelligent, and motivated. The work-life balance is also outstanding.
Management Pay Fun place Constantly on my feet
Like the people I work with! I like working 4 with three off!
great place to work . good workers
Working at Amazon has been a terrific experience, co-workers are always helpful and there is a strong collaborative environment where we all help each other. You are expected to bring your A-game every day, which is refreshing since you are always high caliber and with like minded people. Lateral career movement is very flexible and management is supportive of changing roles that will develop your career. Work-life balance is great, and managers respect time off. Amazon is the type of company you can be proud to work for, since they are always pushing you to be better.
working with Amazon is just the place which is I dreamed before. It is my luck to work with Amazonian
We innovate on behalf of customers. Being pioneers in our space, we are trendsetter and technology creator that everyone else follows.
The subject matter to work on at the company is extremely interesting and you have the opportunity to try innovative solutions to problems if you can back them up with data.
A Very Customer oriented company with enthusiastic leadership. There are many opportunities for advancement if you are willing to work hard. Benefits and perks are second to none at this level.
- Dogs are allowed - Urban campus - High salaries and benefits - Amazon makes your boss and managers have promotions and hires approved by external people who are brought to identify biases
The compensation is very competitive in the field. You just never know when your number will come up & you will be discharged.
Very smart talented people. Do your Home work and reap the benefits. You can speak your mind, provide honest feedback and not feel like you have to be a yes man.
I was able to stack packages after scan on the pilot, wrap, forklift to delivery ready, sort packages, and get along with the team (co workers). This was Amazon in Arvenel, New Jersey
Its a fast pace job. Around alot of people and have to play as a team.
Everyone works together, Free snacks once a week, holiday pay
Great team, funny environment, fast, the drive to push you, comfy, in the loop of Chicago, company outings, and being apart of one of the greatest companies in the world.
Good Managers in this site Intensive training Flexible style of work Promotions are as fast as the Employee's pace Perks - My personal interest is "stocks" :p
Innovative culture, countless opportunities for growth, competitive salary, casual work environment, competitive (not cutthroat) culture, flat organizational structure. You work with some of the brightest and most innovative minds in the world at Amazon, making every day fun, exciting and a new opportunity to learn and grow.
Very stimulating environment with a lot of very smart folks. Work/life balance is surprisingly good. Lots of opportunities for growth and exposure to some awesome new technologies and platforms.
merit-based hierarchy (no promotions based on tenure), unlimited opportunities to challenge yourself and learn new skills, dogs at work, resources (technical and non) readily available.... overall I love working here. I am constantly challenged and pushed to my academic and professional limits. If you want to succeed and are willing to put in the effort, you will thrive here. All the resources and support you need to thrive are available -- including work/life balance.
Great work environment, team, location, vision, and principles. Every day you get to learn something new from few of the most talented people I have come across.
Benefits, holiday pay, pro, vacation, school
No pros that I can think of.
Good Pay, Stock and nice facility
Innovation in products and process, Leadership Principles are way of life, not platitudes on a wall, No sacred cows, People really want to help
You get out what you put in. There is no shortage of more work to take on, ideas to share and initiatives to start. If you are a creative mind, enjoy your days never being the same and can thrive in an environment with little direction and an exceptionally high bar- You can do anything at Amazon.
Pay is ok and there is room for growth. Amazon is becoming one of the biggest companies so you have a chance to grow.
They paid great money to make the ads for employment sound great
Flexible schedule, great job for stay at home parent
It is a customer friendly company
great culture amazing people to work with
Always room to advance once employed.
they provide unpaid time off t every 3 month
The most fantastic and supportive people you'll ever work with. Everyone wants to help you do better and learn.
I've been with Amazon just over 60 days. The work is not as difficult, at least at my facility, as I had heard and read about. This is a brand new facility and there has been plenty of issues but I would guess that is to be expected. Amazon has done quite a bit to engage with the employees...games, contests, raffles, etc. A free pumpkin pie at Thanksgiving and a Turkey dinner a few days before Christmas. We were paid for Thanksgiving and Christmas and will be paid for New Year's Day. There is VCP (variable compensation pay) that you get every month if your facility meets it's goal and you show up for work everyday and use none of your UPT (unpaid time off). It can be a nice chunk of money. You have the opportunity to sign up for Medical, Vision and Dental on day 1 and the monthly charge for those is cheap. They have more comprehensive medical coverage but expect to pay more. 401k is available and you are to shares of Amazon stock which you have access to after 2 years with the company. Check the price for Amazon stock and you'll see that it's quite a bit of money. Vacation accrues with every pay period and you start with 10 hours of PTO (personal time off) which also accrues every pay period. UPT starts with 10 hours and is replenished quarterly. UPT is used in hourly increments so if you are late 15 minutes, and you don,t have any PTO to use, It will cost you 1 hour of UPT. If you run out of PTO and UPT and your late that's pretty much it for you. The opportunity for advancement is there if you want to work for it but it is not going to be given to you. Show up for work everyday on time and do your work, be flexible for the needs of Amazon. It will work out good for you
-Work from home based opportunity -Wide selection of available shifts to choose from -Decent pay and overtime shift opportunities available -Ability to swap shifts with another co-worker -2 breaks during each shift and an hour lunch break
Pay is $4 more than minimum wage in the state of WI. They have made schedules more diverse. The job itself is pretty easy. They offer free dental and vision insurance for part time employees.
There is really good Pay
Decent pay and diverse enviroment
The benefit package is great here.
rewards and raffles and flexible schedules
Experience on work resume looks good.
Plenty of hours, lots of overtime, always busy throughout the day
Pay, Work Load, Advancement, Technology, Management, Career Outlook, Stock Bonus, Benefits
Associates that work there are nice
Decent pay for part time work Managers put forth effort
Below average, redundant work. Paid vending machines. Biased mediocre managers.
- Ownership  - No micromanagement - The ability to make an impact irrespective of how long you have been here - Team members are very respectful and motivated
I get to work with a lot of really smart people on problems with scale and complexity that are hard to find almost anywhere else. I interview with other companies every other year or so, and they almost always are trying to solve a problem that a group at Amazon has either already solved, or is trying to solve at a larger scale, and who I can just go and join when I'm really interested in that problem.
Benefits and wages available from day one
1. Free Banana 2. Good initial compensation 3. Very easy to get hired. You may impress bar-raiser by solving FooBar, and can get hired. Sometime they even hire you by just a single hackerrank round. 4. It's good only if you have plan to leave within a year.
Nearly unlimited career growth potential, both vertically and horizontally. If you work smart AND hard you'll find yourself with a lot of cool projects, launches, and new roles. The people around you are super smart and communication is very open -- you'll find yourself working out problems with people in different groups and countries. Lots of emphasis on finding root causes of problems & addressing them vs. covering them up like other companies. Overall benefits package is very good.
Great place to work and the R.M.E team are great supporters as well can guide you at the right direction.
My team is constantly evolving and changing. We are extremely nimble - almost like a startup
Flexible schedule, very busy work
-Flexible schedules for students while working, just submit school schedule to HR on site.  -They offered many verified time off opportunities (VTO) and verified extra time (VET) opportunities (without penalty), even during peak season.  -During school finals I was able to VTO all week and not have to worry about coming in for work.  -If your regular work schedule is to work at least 5 days per week and you VTO all week, then you have "guaranteed pay" for 10 hours. So you still get paid for 10 hours without having to come in that week.  -They acknowledge, thank, and reward hard-workers, especially during peak season. They gave gift cards, TVs, game consoles, game tickets, etc to random clock-ins, high-rate scanners, and hard-workers.  -Easy to job to get. No interview, apply online, schedule information session and take drug test, Pass drug test and background check, Schedule another appointment for orientation plus first day of training. Training will be a total of 3 days on site, expect to stand and walk a full 4 hours, no sitting at all during the session.
The only good thing about this Company is Stocks and the opportunity to get half of your school tuition paid after being with the Company for a year. Also, you do get some sort of benefits which are Dental and Vision and that's about it.
Great group of peer leaders
Pay is good for entry level. Lots of shifts to choose from. Easy fast paced work.
Amazon is Diverse. I love the fact that I started as a scanner but was never denied an opportunity to try other departments. I have since been trained and certified as a Yard Jockey! The Company also encourages feedback from it's Associates for improvement. We also have monthly celebrations. Leadership is open minded and recognizes you for your hard work. You can make your own schedule..
People were easy to get along with the work was easy I learn a lot at every station
The smartest people around take great joy in creating solutions to some of the most challenging situations that face Amazon as it serves such a wide variety of customers, and works with third-parties like the merchants who sell and fulfill their goods using Amazon's services.
Money is really great and helpful
You are surrounded by incredibly intelligent people. This company is full of the worlds brightest and I feel that I am positively challenged each and every day.
Decent pay and tons overtime
Fast paced environment, four days work three days off
I absolutely love this company.  If you're seeking a fast pace, growing, changing, challenging environment, this place is for you. When they say work hard have fun make history, they mean it. I have had some amazing opportunities with this company. Never have I felt that I "fit in" at a company but I feel that here. I used to hop jobs every two years because I got bored but that's not the case at Amazon. I learn something new everyday, I have the ability to impact a company of this size and to me, that's life changing. I have never been more proud to work for a company.  If you're more driven by compensation and benefits, Amazon has amazing benefits. I feel their compensation is fair in comparison to the rest of the market.
Pay is well above minimum wage. It is easy to tell whether or not you are working to the standards that Amazon has set for the team. The team themselves and Management within store is very friendly and has a lot of positive energy.
Steady work Great benefits There is always opportunities to pick up overtime hours if desired Performance based bonuses at the end of the month
Flexible hrs , good for Lazy people
Cutting edge company, rapid software development
The company pays good. And you get great benefits that start day one of employment. They also give you restricted stock options.
Good Pay and you keep busy all the time
One of the best things about working at Amazon (especially AWS) is that the scale creates really interesting problems for software engineers, it's very motivating to see academic problems in daily basis. There are really smart people around and culture is very open and encouraging people to learn from each other. Every AWS product is an art of engineering, it's an excellent chance to get to know behind the scene. Teams are independent and can iterate really fast, every engineer partakes the decision of what to do next. There's almost zero bureaucracy. It's great to be responsible for operations of the software, being oncall adds another dimension to software engineers.
They really try hard but culture is now PC like most places. Worked rush and peak at Christmas time and not once heard any holiday music at all throughout the facility.
Continuous Learning. Lot of growth opportunities. Space to excel your skills. Easy team change opportunity.
Fun work environment! As long as you have the willingness to be put to work, and have the desire to grow, mostly all management will work with you in achieving your goal. At least that has been my experience so far.
Very attentive with issues being addressed, great hours, and great benefits... Since I been there I have seen more progress within the management team.
What is so core to Amazon is Our Leadership Principles. I've worked at 3 other Fortune 500 Companies and none embraced their values, their tenants, their principles like Amazon. Our Leadership Principals are truly part of our DNA. My favorite - like so many here at Amazon - is Customer Obsession. We don't just talk about the customer as the guiding light or doing what is right by the customer, we start with the customer and work backward. We work on behalf of our customers to improve our services, our products, our customer experience. It is part of what makes working here so much fun!
If you want to work alongside some incredibly smart people who are open to sharing and mentoring this is the place for you. Amazon just makes you better at whatever it is that you do. You have the ability to drive your own career at Amazon by constantly pushing the envelope and scrutinizing data to figure out a better way to do things. Comp is competitive and benefits are solid. You work hard but the hours are reasonable and you can actually have work/life balance.
The best part of working at Amazon is the strong culture of innovation and customer obsession. The working backwards process is a great way to align with leadership and other key stakeholders on any new idea you have. It is the largest startup in the world.
Creative environment with nerdy people who work hard, make history Plenty of opportunities to learn and grow Opportunities to contribute to the startup culture by pitching business ideas
Many opportunities and leadership always there to support you.
There are great coworkers and plenty of new people to meet. There is always overtime opportunities. Ability to learn new things throughout the workplace.
Clean, friendly people, benefits, hours
Incredible health benefits, great HR team
The benefits are great. $17 a check for insurance is great. Guaranteed hours. 4-day week. Free Advil. Good personal time deal.
Large company with a lot of room to move
There's always an opportunity to move up in the company.
Work is easy. Nothing else good
The upward mobility, fast paced, growth and technology adoption is unparalleled. You have the ability to learn something new every day. Managers are responsible for and expected to drive ownership of their teams. The company provides a lot of resources to develop leaders.
Benefits, growing company, and development
Working from home and having everything provided that you need to work is very convenient. Good benefits and multiple health care plans to choose from.
Flexible schedule,understanding supervisors, really easy to pick up on and learn. Everyday is different so every time I come in there is always something for me to do.
Fantastic Benefits, Great Base Pay
great health benefits, first day of hire.
Amazon takes risks and tries new things Leadership principles are fantastic
people were nice and helped out alot
Work has great impact Challenges People with sharing minds
Good pay and great benifits and we'll maintained very nice people and a great company to work and retire from
Lots of responsibility with high number of direct reports
You get 40 hrs of paid time off per yer along with vacation and also insurance benefits for day one. AND after a year of employment they offer 95% tuition refund on certain degrees.
Technology interesting and process operation. Tuition reimbursement, “career skills.’ Not really sure if you can survive or not from physical exhaustion.
You get paid weekly, never see the same faces and you can wear whatever you want.
Only having to concentrate on the customer!! Not having to sell them some thing else before getting off of the phone!
Easy job, cool people, good pay
A lot of learning opportunities, plenty of smart people, interesting projects, and the ability to make a difference on your team or in the whole company.
Work culture Customer focused Fast paced environment
Great pay & benefits, and I love that Amazon is invested in their employees and encourages them to move around within the company. I have experienced flexible hours and a great work/life balance, and I like that I have the opportunity to work with some really smart and successful people on a daily basis.
I LOVE my team. My managers ensure that I am not overworked. They ask me if my job meets all my career goals, and if it doesn't they give me opportunities to meet those goals.
Plenty of opportunities for entry to mid level employees to pitch big ideas and make difference. Great compensation for people who can make it past 2 years.
Competitive pay, great benefits, laid back enviromment.
Very good benefits Hours are good Work is steady
Work from home. Discounts. Paid holidays. Double pay for OT.
- gift cards - great co-workers
- Tons of opportunity for advancement, you can apply for new positions or be promoted after 90 days. - Benefits and pay are good - Great team atmosphere, everyone generally gets along very well
Very good insurance and other benefits are comparable. Strong diversity.
Fast growing, good place to learn something new
Lots of opportunities to work on different interesting projects and teams. Relatively good emphasis on best engineering practices and bar. New teams constantly cropping up and looking for engineers.
-Easy hiring process. -The opportunities for employee feedback seemed promising. Did not see many implemented. -Voluntary time off offered. -Starting rate was decent for the area, especially with a benefits package offered. -Vacation time/unpaid time was readily available from day 1 to be used when needed. -Casual dress code.
Huge company that has expanded to so many markets and areas and the potential for growth is massive and would like to stay with this company as they take over the world
Bright, hardworking, and kind people. Big projects. True to principles.
Encouraged to take ownership of personal workload, co-workers are top notch. The ability to grow a career or further a career. Amazon has something for everyone!!
The number one pro of working at Amazon are the benefits. You won't find another company that has better benefits than Amazon does. They are plentiful, and you will spend your first few months "uncovering" benefits you weren't initially told about. The culture here is well above par from what I expected coming in. It puts the culture at most of my past jobs to shame.
Work Life Balance Supportive leadership, who are willing to help create/direct the roadway for your future career goals. Everyday presents new challenges
One of the first pieces of advice I read here before joining was that you have to be "self-directed", in that work here can be very uncertain and you have to figure out a lot of things on your own. Some people see this as a negative. However, I believe that the unpredictability and the pressure to uniquely find a solution no one else has found can be quite empowering. One of the leadership principles here is Ownership, and it is one that can guide you to a very fulfilling career, where you learn new stuff every day for many years. Sure, it can be intimidating and overwhelming for even very experienced technologists. But if you are clear on your purpose and career goals, and the impact you can make on others, you can be energized every day by these challenges. It's a very unique culture, and it is by no means ideal or perfect, but in the world of inventors, it's not supposed to be.
Great Benefits, always feel valued, fun environment, work from home,
Always learning something new Management lets me do my job Coworkers are smart-as-hell We eat our own dog food
> Amazon, the name speaks for itself. I was a die-hard Amazon shopper, a big fan & now a proud employee. > Scope for building new & innovative softwares is just unlimited. The company is willing to shed money & time - if you prove your idea is worth it.
Use the Leadership Principles daily! The culture is great plus all the dogs are so fun and cute within the buildings. At Amazon there is a great balance on challenging work, team building, and personal life.
Employees are empowered to make decisions and influence the work they do. A lot of super smart people working around you. Never a boring day in the office. Company promotes internal mobility, very easy to move between departments and change country.
At Amazon you are given autonomy to innovate and experiment. It is a great culture for individuals who enjoy solving problems and creating things from scratch. Your career is truly in your own hands.
limitless opportunity to learn and make an impact - you are never held back from moving forward with new ideas all senior management and VPs I have met are highly technical, humble, and trustworthy any feedback given and received is fact-based, and actionable business and travel expense process is super smooth and seamless great guest speakers, outside-of-work activities (picnics, parties)
Atmosphere, Pay, Food, Culture, PAY
Stock option, Sick Time, Vacation, Friendly environment, Great work schedule, Awesome Management team , Caring HR, Paid Holiday and many more. Number one growing company in the industry.
The best part of the job is the people. It's a great mix of ages, races, beliefs and backgrounds. Really cool people who helped each other out. Had some great times and met good people
Great benefits Team environment Good schedule
Managers are very sad thanks
decent starting pay great co workers
Fast paced, lots of opportunity. Very easy to move up in warehouse operations. Promotional opportunities come around multiple times a year.
Lots of fun perks. I bring my dog to work regularly, get to see lots of cool stuff before it's released to the public, food and drinks regularly provided on my current team.
Amazon is not for those who simply want a job. You are required to think, pivot, create, invent and go beyond what you thought you could do--which is what I like about it. If you bore easily at a regular job due to not being challenged, this is for you.
Autonomy. Challenging. Full of opportunities of growth.
Family friendly, great benefits, being able to work from home, management that cares, friendly teammates, paid and unpaid time off in addition to vacation time accrual
Get better pay here as a EMT then most paramedics in the stateq
Steady hours always know what day you have off
Pay was pretty decent. And they always gave incentives and free stuff to try and make you think you were working in a good environment
Pay is very good to many long hours.
Good benefits, full time, a lot of people you can become friends with.
Good hours and lots of overtime
I enjoyed the money and opportunities
health benefits performance based bonus upward mobility possible
- amazing people, great hiring process that keeps raising the bar - innovation, feels sometimes like working in a startup, no idea is dismissed - flat, you can talk to anyone in the company - resources - you can get any resource you need if it serves the purpose - self service, self driven, you manage your time, no micro management - very little politics, at least in my view - AWS is the leader in its category and will stay this way for a while - They pay well - You learn A LOT
At Amazon you can truly leap! You are encouraged to THINK BIG, LEARN & BE CURIOUS, grow, exercise BIAS FOR ACTION and have real OWNERSHIP in work that is 'mission critical' and genuinely 'making history'. The LEADERSHIP PRINCIPLES (which can be found online) are earnestly employed and integral to day-to-day thinking, practices and processes. The environment at Amazon holds a palpable energy and excitement that comes from a fervent commitment to HIRE AND DEVELOP THE BEST. Being among the best-of-the-best, folks who ARE RIGHT, A LOT, and being brought together to collaborate and contribute is incredibly stimulating and rewarding. Senior management and company tenants impressively INSIST ON HIGHEST STANDARDS, and CUSTOMER OBSESSION is a real and seriously held litmus test for all activity! This EARNS TRUST and is a huge "pro" in my book. Honestly, there have been some VERY dark days that have demanded I call upon personal and internal fortitude to navigate forward, and I am pretty sure there may be more of them in the future. However, the personal and professional lessons learned within those times are invaluable, and I am incredibly thankful for them. The philosophy of Amazon is incredibly energizing. I cannot think of another company that is innovating at the scope and scale that Amazon is. It is thrilling and a sincere honor to be able to make history, to feel accomplishment for your hard work and I really do have fun while doing so. 2 days out of 10, I am regrouping to fortify my resolve and get to work, but the other 8... I am 'Tap Dancing into Work!'
Excellent Company, Excellent Benefits, Great motivation. Great management. Great coworkers.
Amazon has been a great company to work for and has allowed me the flexibility to try new jobs and explore my career goals.
The speed at which work is done is phenomenal, challenging environment which helps you grow professionally. A lot of value is given to new ideas, and doesn't matter which level or what designation you are at. Very customer obsessed and extremely good level of work ethics for the buyer at large.
Good hours, good team, good pay.
You are surrounded by smart, hard working, humble and caring people. Working with incredibly talented group of people raises your own performance bar. You actually focus on work and not worry about politics. Leadership principles are more than slogans. People live and breathe the leadership. principles. Lots of career opportunities and good compensation.
Great pay, Contrary to common belief, there is excellent work-life balance. Of course, you can take on more responsibility and work long hours if you want to grow fast, but you can have a fulfilling career with great work-life balance.
Time off, benefits, stock, work from home!
Fast paced, meet cool people
I had to make sure I was stowing at all time
You get three days off ,you can take leave of absence to get away from work but you dont get payed
I came in as a seasonal worker and was converted into full employment at my 3 month mark. Keep in mind you have to exceed in your Call metrics to be converted early. Working from home is a plus. They offer VTO all the time to let you have as much of a break as you want. No it’s not paid . Once you are permanent you are paid for holidays if you work on that day or not and if you do work on a paid holiday you get holiday pay on top of your hrs work with time and a half added also so that is a big PLUS . All of your colleagues help eachother our on a daily bases I’m the chat rooms. Everybody is super nice. It is so easy to move up. You have a chance to choose your times that you want to work when you first start but just keep in mind no matter where you are located in the US it is on PST so make sure you choose the exact time you want pertaining to your time zone that’s where I messed up at lol. But overall best place to work Amazon really love their employees.
Manager is fantastic, coworkers are people I would want to hang out with, work is very autonomous and they are flexible with my class schedule and time off whenever I need it. Amazon NEXT program gives me internship and job opportunities in the future.
-Transparency throughout the org. - Managers who promote work/life balance - A lot of room for growth from current role. -Supportive managers and peers who want you to succeed
Amazon is a great company and it's obviously not going away any time soon. The company is so huge that you can find a job doing anything you want. Put your time in, apply yourself in your current role, and share with your manager where you want to go. You'll get there.
Coworkers are driven, professional, and helpful. Constantly learning in a fast-paced environment. Can easily change teams if you don't enjoy your current work.
-You get to work for a fast-moving, super recognizable and relevant company. -The other people, in general, are some of the smartest and most talented folks you'll ever work with. -Great training and development. There's a lot of emphasis on this, and there are tons of options available. -Good technology (software and hardware) and people who know how to train you/ use it. -Overall, great mid-level management, who are motivated and caring. -Where other companies often do what they think a company should do, Amazon does what makes the most sense (like dressing in business casual nowadays). There's plenty of room to change processes if they aren't working or test a more efficient way of doing things.
Work is hard but simple. You may be cross-trained or labor shared to another department but still expected to perform n your main roll. If you feel unable to remain productive AND help out in other departments, speak to you supervisor. They are usually not aware of the circumstances negatively affecting your performance and will most likely take steps to help you out.
Work with smart, driven people on exciting, innovative new initiatives.
They are not wedded to any process. Show why what they have is broke or what you see is better and you have amazing latitude to invent something better. And there is much less stigma to failing fast than any other place I have worded.  For anyone steeped in strategic marketing what they don't know is stupefying, but they only have to be shown it once. Amazon leaders are whip smart and can spot a good new idea...but don't wait for anyone to say "thank you." However, you can bring your dog to work and Fido is always grateful.
Working with some truly interesting technology and passionate people.
If you need extra funds or just to be employed. It's the place to work.
If you need extra funds or just to be employed. It's the place to work.
Pay is better than minimum wage to start
Awesome benefits, workers appreciation rewards
Little responsibility, good pay, good exercise. The job itself is very low stress, and high energy. I enjoyed it, overall.
Great pay. Raffles and rewards. Always makes sure to make you feel motivated. Perhaps tries a bit too hard. Get Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years off.
Consistent work, very organized, flexible
Compensation, reputation, professional networking opportunities
Sexual harassment is swept under the rug ambassador vest are handed out for the hell of it and stand around for 10 hours and do nothing and get paid for it and get rewarded with swag bucks.
Good benefits. No other pros
opportunity to work on challenging projects
They hire fast. You can grow.
Tons of opportunity for advancement, learning new things, and working in different parts of the company.  Challenging work  Never the same day twice (even though technically it's always day one)
Dynamic work environment and exciting technology. Very structured and metrics driven performance evaluation process. Quarterly promotional cycles and plenty of career advancement and lateral move opportunities.
I've the other Fortune 100 companies I've worked with, I've never seen one at this size have as strong an entrepreneurial spirit. There are so many things about how the culture and processes in the company that have helped maintain elements of what made the company a success from it's early days. I find many of the people I work with to be interesting and fun. Having worked in other industries, I found the pay to be higher for communications. The benefits package is solid, although I think there's room for creativity.
Stocks Diversity of work available Leadership principles
Innovating, fast paced, place to work
The 3 day weekend was great. Voluntary overtime was always a plus. Most managers treated all employees with respect.
Amazon is full of opportunity. It can be an exciting, dynamic place to work where you learn a lot every day. Many teams at Amazon are flexible and provide supportive work environments with ample opportunities for career development and growth.
working at amazon was pretty good for the most part, it was sometimes fun, benefits were great
Good pay and the benefits
The pros to working here is that every three months you get 20 hours of unpaid time. Also the managers there and nice and helpful. Well the ones I've gotten there they have.
Great pay  Amazing benefits  Stock plan  401k  very generous time off options(40h/year paid, 80h vacation/ year paid, 80h/year unpaid)+ medical/personal/military/maternity leave options  School accommodations (proof of enrollment required)  Career choice rogram  Great opportunity for advancement.  Guaranteed hours.
Open door policy, great break rooms and fast paced.
Challenging work, flexibility to rotate roles
Excellent guidance by the seniors and very around is always willing to help. It is always fun to be here.
encouraged to try different tasks management and hr are approachable Acknowledged job preformce
If you want a lot of hours during peak season you can get plenty.
Pay is decent, Bonuses, benefits In returns, if you're lucky enough to avoid team and mech, the job is rather easy
You get paid every week
Great environment to around.
You will learn so much
This was a solid and consistent seasonal job I was able to get. You start immediately and get paid weekly! The pay is better than many other jobs, and there's no nonsense with having to deal with this personality and that personality. You go in there and do what you've got to do, and boom– you're out. I like that.
Interesting people to work with - you always get a good workout. You don’t even have to speak if you don’t want to haha
- Super flexible schedule outside of holidays - Weekly pay
Able to set your own work hours. Work From Home (No Commute) Amazon provides computer/equipment. Able to work up to 60 hours a week. $10/Hourly. Great benefits for full time. Amazon discounts. They send you free stuff throughout your time there.
Great pay  Amazing benefits  Stock plan  401k  very generous time off options(40h/year paid, 80h vacation/ year paid, 80h/year unpaid)+ medical/personal/military/maternity leave options  School accommodations (proof of enrollment required)  Career choice rogram  Great opportunity for advancement.  Guaranteed hours.
Allot of hours available to work, allot of opportunities to advance and to learn new skills.
Excellent benefits Great people Good pay
Good benefits and great pay
If you get a rush out of accomplishing things and having an impact, and have a naturally proactive and dominant personality, this is the company for you.
If you get a rush out of accomplishing things and having an impact, and have a naturally proactive and dominant personality, this is the company for you.
I like to work cause it batter to have your on and working handling your business
Most Flexible scheduling I have ever seen!
Scope of work, empowerment to make an impact
Fun place, nice benefits, seem to care for employees
10 hour work days on your feet and a huge facility, mean if you’re looking to lose some weight, you will. Opportunity to advance fairly quickly for those that work hard. Four 10 hour days mean a good work/life balance. Pretty good work culture. Able to be exposed to a lot of product.
Great hourly pay, and weekly pay. Great to work in a diversified position with opportunities for overtime and the possibility of being hired full-time m
work and life balance are good.
Pay is Good in industry
Company offers you pay in direct deposited money, not LEGO’s or rainbows.
Spread your name around the market.
Great health benefits , great managers
It was a great job while it lasted! A lot of overtime so I was compensated very well!
Uniformly bright people everywhere, focused on getting things done.
Excellent growth potential, good pay, excellent benefits, reasonably challenging, empowered to make decisions, good work/life balance.
Decent pay for hours worked
The majority of the people were nice. I learned of new products. The day flew by as I was always busy. They offer voluntary time off in addition to sick days. There was opportunity for overtime. Peak season came with rewards and give aways.
knowledgeable and helpful colleague, fast professional growth
Give great hours. Some nice people employed. Some are rude.
Convenient scheduling. Short sort shifts which are relatively easy. Work is not hard at all. A lot of efficiency at the sort center.
Excellent people to work with. Fast paced.
Collaborative yet independent environment, cares about employees
You'll work in a collaborative environment. Leadership allows you to be creative and highly encourage it! Leadership principles is more than a mission, it's Amazon's lifestyle!!! Major room to grow and navigate to other positions throughout the company.
Vast field of subject areas to be curious and learn, flexibility and access to learn and contribute, talented peer group
-Best minds to work with -Leadership Principles - Breath, live and work with these principles - Extremely helpful to work as a one big team -You own your career progression & growth
1. High impact of your work to customers and to financials. 2. Good work environment: My team and the other teams that I have worked with have friendly people an people willing to support and help. In Amazon, you need to be able to be self-sufficient and don't depend too much on being hand hold. However, if you have questions or issues, your manager and colleagues seems to always be willing to help 3. Just the feeling of being part of one of the best companies in the world is great.
The amenities are amazing. The break room is awesome, and training is great.
Many opportunities for professional development and growth, great training resources, outstanding benefits
Always a lot of movement, adapting, skill building, and ability to use your best judgement to alleviate complex issues and barriers.
Excellent training sessions, you feel like you are back in college. Great support from managers and coworkers. Culture . Diverse workforce. Flexible schedules. Commute options/ free bus rides, carpool via scoop. You can bring your dog to work. Appearance is important in most company, that does not apply to Amazon. People can dress up casual and comfortable. No more trips to the dry cleaner.!!
Benefits on day 1. Coworkers were cool.
A company where literally the sky is the limit. It does anything and everything and allows to internally transfer and try out new things. The leadership principles are as real as it gets and the company measures everything against them, which makes what's expected of you as an employee much more clear. Customers are truly the center of everything. The best school for that.
Off the top, if you stand your ground from day one you'll be taken care of and (1) earn what you're worth, (2) get the projects that will make your name.
Working from home. Flexible Schedule. Great Management. Support is always there and questions are always answered.
Benefits, fast-paced, promote from within, perks during busy times of year, incentives to excel.
Best Technology Company to work for if you are passionate about helping customers directly and quickly. Dev to Customer distance is short, very short. Your individual impact can be seen at real time.
Good company for someone who is open minded and driven. Multicultural work environment. A different problem to solve weekly if not daily.
Work culture, benefits, salary, activities
Good working environment for me.
definitely a good company. you work with smart people.
Paid weekly! VERY COOL work environment, and laid back.
Nice culture, very friendly people
Awesome and completely affordable health benefits
- pays more than minimum wage - outside of mandatory overtime, you'll work 10 hours a day for 4 days a week, meaning you theoretically get three days off per week
well known company, very educational
Great pay during the holidays.
fast pacing, no politics, great innovations
- Able to lead large national/global activities - Management leads by example - Clear guidance when needed by leaders
I made a decent amount of money
Extremely customer focused, high technical bar.
Good At Making You Feel As If The Job IS Secure When In Truth It Is Not
VTO. If their isn’t enough work, you can just leave.
None to give at this time
Competitive Salary, decent health benefits
Fun sometimes and good for beginning
A lot to learn, money is good, and Seattle is a beautiful place to live.
Autonomy Brilliant colleagues Constant forward momentum Heavily resourced
Good company to work for, available overtime!
Intelligent colleagues, cutting-edge technologies, good compensation.
A very ambitious company, with brilliant colleges and of course very good paid. It’s huge to play a role in a main department
alot lot of enthusiasm fuplace to workn
They pay you wonderfully for the job that you'll be doing
An amazing team of individuals and they truly strive to be the best for each other
Great benefits and flexible schedule.
- Talented co-workers - Good Tech stack
Decent pay with increases for night shift and weekends 4 Day work weeks Easy Job Employee Discount at 10% off first $1000 worth of purchases on items sold by Amazon
Innovation and ownership is highly valued. Amazon is solving some challenging problems, so there’s a great opportunity to learn in almost any team.
Friendly environment with good schedule
Fast pace, learn skills that are valued by other tech companies. Pay is good if the stock value keeps going up and you got the stocks few years ago.
Leading company in our space (cloud), lots of excitement. Working with super sharp people.
Leading company in our space (cloud), lots of excitement. Working with super sharp people.
I like the level of end-to-end Ownership
Able to change projects freely, opinions respected, great managers
Benefits on day one, the work isn't too hard, and the pay is pretty good.
Pay and benefits are pretty good Work from home is useful
Fast paced cutting edge environment. Opportunity to build and lead large teams. Surrounded by incredible talent and desire to deliver results.
Great pay and benefits climate controlled
Opportunity to learn and grow is immense. If you want to learn about various aspects of a business, here's the place you want to be!
Reasonable process of hw development. Value innovations
Amazing amazonian spirit and team environment
Green field, opportunity to solve complex problems that have never been dealt with before. Self driven people will find ample opportunity to grow, movement within the company is supported. Challenging and fast moving... automation, automation, automation, it's the only way to keep up.
Hire anybody, no skills needed.
You get tiny a paycheck. Sort of a fixed schedule. They may change it (and they will) at any point.
Benefits, free coffee and hot chocolate
Very associate driven. Goal oriented. Will work with you to acheiver goals and progress quickly. Prefers to promote within.
Good pay, benefits are low cost for employees. Holiday pay, time off, vacation, employee discounts, nice coworkers, school accommodation, employee's get company stock after 1 year
Good people and direct superiors to work with, good benefits too.
Great career exposure and experience
the job is very awesome
Everyone is willing to teach you new things
Good for the amount of work you do
On 4 days off 3 days are awsome. They are wonderful. Management is great and very friendly/ Benefits are great too Most coworkers are really good people with great personalities.
Not long shifts though, so if you need extra cash in addition to a FT it is good to go!
Pay is good, get benefits on day one, stock, retirement, health, vision.
Easy job and weekly pay.
They really do like to have fun! Also, excellent benefits, stock units, company discount online - and monthly bonuses are great! If you like to work, this is the place for you. Hard work is appreciated, expected, and rewarded. TONS of learning opportunities. Upward mobility for those who aim for it. Break rooms have lots of great, affordable options.
Loved the people, the hours I could pick, fun job for me, something always going on from totes above your head going one place or another, reminded me of a roller coaster, always something going on, great benefits.
Good pay Good benefits, Clean environment
The pay is okay for the work
Signing bonus and relocation allowance.
Easy simple work, friendly managers, occasinal giveaways during the season.
Great benefits and flexibility, great coworkers, you are responsible for your own advancement/performance.
Great pay, never short on hours, good benefits, most of the staff is chill, fast paced, time flies, lots of exercise, simple jobs.
New adventure, smart people, culture
Lots of mobility, opportunity to excel and you'll be pushed to improve and better yourself.
Health benefits, PTO, UPT and paid vacation.
the pro's working or this company is the rate o pay, the benefits, and the opportunity to get lots o overtime.
great benefits, good pay, consistent, room for growth, stocks
Great company Transparent management Career encouragement Personal and Professional growth
If you find the right team, everything can fall into place. I have great coworkers, we work on interesting challenges, my work/life balance can be whatever I want it to be. My career growth opportunities are tied to my performance, not tenure like at my previous company. My job function is respected and I have been able to become an expert in my field.
If you find the right team, everything can fall into place. I have great coworkers, we work on interesting challenges, my work/life balance can be whatever I want it to be. My career growth opportunities are tied to my performance, not tenure like at my previous company. My job function is respected and I have been able to become an expert in my field.
Great benefits. Awesome pay. Good schedules.
1) Smart people.  2) Learning growth  3) Flexibility in moving between teams/orgs.
The discounts are garbage but they put alot of effort to employee development. They have a learning path to help you achieve you goals
always allow for room to grow
Depends on who is reading this. They will hire anyone. You have medical insurance on day one though, as long as you are a full-time employee.
Hours and pay are reliable.
None that I caN think of
Whats not to like about amazon, we are solving some of the best problems in the world, going above and beyond for customers, working with the smartest of the bunch and working on cutting edge technology
-Solid Leadership Principles. -Once you're in, plenty of opportunities to learn and grow doing different things throughout the company, across teams and countries. -Solid income and stock. -Attracts a lot of cool people.
3 days off, easy, loved my co-workers and managers, flexible schedule and a ton of pt and upt
Good once you get past tier 1 or out of a warehouse. Good benefits from day 1 as a regular employee. Tuition Assistance after 1st year. Pay a little higher than same job at other companies for general labor.
Easy to move up the chain. Don’t be scared to work hard to get where u want to get. They notice the people who put work into the company.
extra hours during peak season hard work is rewarded! slackers are unappreciated :)
3 day work week for back half nights 4 days off 36 hours 72 bi weekly
The pay is better than working at Walmart, but till you start you do not realize you will earn every penny. You can roll out of bed and come to work in your pj's. You can pick the area you would like to work at daily.
good pay, stock, benefits, opportunities
Work at Home, Schedule flexibility, Independence, Computer/phone/headset provided, Plenty of Overtime and Time-off opportunities, Endless ways to find help with with any issue.
- Great learning environment - Team Flexibility - Great Corporate Culture
Great management, rapid promotion ability. If you're full time the benefits are awesome.
A lot of smart people, unlimited opportunities to learn and grow. Competitive pay and benefits.
* Surrounded by hard working and smart people. * A lot to grow and learn * Hey bring your dogs
Fast pace, innovative, young, opportunities.
The culture at Amazon is amazing. I've never known a company so focused on doing the right thing for the customer as Amazon. Amazon seems to hire with a strong onus towards ownership, which ensures its employees never say "that's not my job." Amazon's environment promotes innovation and fosters creativity with a culture that embraces failure and learns from it.
The managers help you learn your job well
Great benefits, Friendly people. Fun atmosphere
Good pay and nice hours
speed of doing stuff lack of bureaucracy career growth insanely smart people no BS environment. No politics
Part time guarantee if you show up and need to work there
Nothing great about the company
Great work environment, pays well with and plenty of of overtime if needed.
Extremely smart people. Plenty of autonomy. Ability to grow and take on a lot of responsibility.
I get to work from home and most of the time it is actually fun.
A lot of walking to burn calories. If you're one of the rare hard working employees, your work is appreciated. When they say "Good job," they will actually mean it. Everyone's work is over-rated, so if you're mediocre, management will tell you that you're good. If you're good, you'll be told that you're great. Nice for the ego, I guess, and it also means that it doesn't take much effort to get recognition and feel secure in your job. There are people of all shapes and sizes and ages, and they're all getting by, so there's no need to worry if you think you can't do it because you're too old/too fat/no experience/etc. You can definitely do it. I've met multiple 70+ year old women, and they all get the job done! I'd personally prefer the job to be more grueling because of my weight-loss goals, but I'm still losing weight, so I can't complain too much. You can choose your shifts, and you'll get those shifts every week with no boss telling you, "you have to come in this Saturday." If it turns out that the shifts you chose are no good for you anymore, you can get on your computer, select a new set of shifts, and after a couple weeks, your schedule will change. You don't even need to talk to anyone or explain yourself. Extremely easy to get time off (unpaid, of course). You don't need to call in or let anyone know if you can't work. You can literally walk out any time you want before the shift ends if you need to be somewhere. It just comes out of your Unpaid Time, which always seems to have way more hours than necessary for a normal human being (especially considering how easy it is to customize your shift choices). I mean seriously, if you're using all of your UPT, then why do you even bother showing up at all? Paid Time Off accumulates more slowly, but it's still there, and it's nice to have.
You will be challenged to drive your own experience with this company. Opportunity will be handed to you, but how you balance expectations and perception, frame your mindset, charge the tasks, grow personally and professionally, and deliver the opportunity is on your shoulders. For some, this is free reign to fly, for others this is debilitating. THIS is ambiguity, it takes a healthy balance of creativity and practicality. You must seek feedback and be self reflective.
The delivery stations are a lot easier to work at than the FCs, which have super high work standards. I’ve done every single (associate) job in the warehouse, and nothing is too unrealistic. As long as you’re able-bodied, and are prepared to bust a sweat, it’s a great job with good starting pay. I regularly get 14,000+ steps at work, every day. I call it getting paid to workout.
Okay pay, Good amount of breaks
Engaging environment, smart people, and good pay
It keeps you going motivated and you're always doing something you're never bored or busy
Fellow associates were great to work with. Everyone gets along. Job is fairly easy if you communicate with your peers. Lots of overtime during peak holiday season.
Keep in mind that I don't work at HQ in Seattle. I work in the fulfillment network and that seems to be a very different environment from HQ.  -Smart People: I work with genuinely intelligent people daily. They bring new perspectives and information. I can honestly say that I've grown professionally.  -Never a Dull Moment: The work is always changing. I've struggled with monotony in past jobs, but not at Amazon. There is always a new puzzle, project, or question that can be addressed. It makes the day go by fast.  -Opportunity: Amazon is always growing and hiring. New opportunities in almost any role are available.  -Compensation: The pay here is above average. Stock awards are large if you last (most don't).  -Benefits: The health insurance is very good. Additional commentary on benefit sin the Cons section.  -Overall: this is a good place to use as a stepping stone. There is opportunity but you'll shed your fair share of blood and sweat to make the most of it. Like all things, some people genuinely love it while others hate it, and people have views that fall everywhere between these two extremes.
They pay you Bi-Weekly and timely, however, you must process your ADP Card within the first 24 hours or later you cannot use that card and you will go round and round before they say or by the way you must get a new ADP Card!
Good people, nice benefits, flexible hours.
-Growth potential is incredible -Fantastic ability to relocate just about anywhere -It's a company that is fun to work for since you know they want to win and do great things for their customers. It's fun to be a part of.
Great job make great friends and work hard
Overtime Medical benefits Pay Great atmosphere
Great hours and room to grow
some good benefits and lots of opportunities to move up
Everything, pay, bonus, time off, and health insurance.
Pay is not bad, great benefits, most people are friendly
Time off so as you as you get hired
Casual work environment, internal job opportunities for career growth, leadership principles are generally closely adhered to, always learning opportunities online and in person, able to set personal work life balance boundaries, teams usually hold frequent team events to network and create a healthy group environment, asking for help is welcomed, hiring is taken very seriously and the interview process is imperative to company success, career growth and learning opportunities cancel out the low compensation as a negative issue, when a manager is good they’re really good and tend to be successful/stick around, people respect good ideas and are willing to try new projects and programs, company has locations around the world allowing for not just career growth but also personal growth/pursuit of locale dreams and travel, occasional free swag, employees often get to test beta programs prior to public reveal.
Very good and inexpensive insurance. Guaranteed 40 hrs a week.
Amazing work culture and good for freshers.
- Very fast moving - Very talented co-workers - Great place to learn a lot of new skills
You got to pick up overtime if it was available.
The income and the hours
Good job if you can withstand long hours on your feet
The Amazon Hub Benefits Friendly People Free PB&J sandwiches in break room
Great career growth, great opportunities and they really take care of their employees.
Amazing work culture. Everyone around is very humble.
Guaranteed hours Steady pay Opportunity Benefits
I work from home. I get to work with some amazing delivery drivers.
Amazing company culture. Positive environment, great work / life balance in the sales realm of the business. I work about 45 - 50 hours per week, but, you have a lot of control over your schedule and leadership provides a lot of latitude in decision making. For being such a large company, it is amazing how much each employee is unleashed and how quickly decisions are made. In many ways, Amazon operates like a small company in this way. Surprisingly, there is very little to no “company politics” that is common with most large companies (at least not where I work). Marketplace team in Hardlines has a competitive sales focus with regular sales competitions to make things fun and an awesome team environment. Happy hour and team lunches to celebrate birthdays, anniversary’s, successes etc.. is the norm. Company picnics and events are a blast. They even have a bring your kids to work day where they spend who knows how much turning the South Lake Union area of Seattle into an entertaining / fun zone for your kids for a day. Oh ya... and we get to work for Amazon... how cool is that!
Great Benefits and decent pay.
Great hours and flexible schedule great people to work with.
Benefits, pro , vacation , school
The people on my team were great. We sometimes did outings together.
Decent pay for part time employment
Stable job with decent pay and benefits
Work-life balance is great Transparency at every level Minimum politics
Decent pay. Easy hire. Positive environment
Pay (of course) Relaxed dress code Most coworkers are very cool
There is nothing about this company that I would consider a pro
Easy Job, team work and people are friendly
Amazon take care of their employees with fast pace advancement and great benefits.
Good pay and benefits with multiple jobs within the building and the experience is great on a resume
Great starting pay and benefits from day 1, opportunity for career growth if you are motivated
Paid holiday/job security/pay check/Travel development /friendly
Flexible work schedule. Great culture. Good stepping stone to further and explore other career opportunities in Amazon.
- Building cool things fast while learning a lot - Great strong people to work with - Freedom to move between teams and disciplines - Good work life harmony (if you know how to say no :))
VCP, VTO, Time off vacations
Since I started engaging with HR about a systems engineering job I noticed a special warmth about the people at Amazon Lab126. The in-person interview with the boss of my boss went very well and the next step was the on-site full-day interview. The people at the full-day interview were kind, caring, interested in my background, and how I have solved problems for customers. I talked to both managers and engineers and I was very favorably impressed by all the people. After the full-day interview I felt well about the prospects and got a job offer that I gladly accepted. Now after almost five months on the job and I very happy to be at Amazon Lab126. I have already traveled to have a face-to-face meeting with a remote team in Europe that I work with every week and everything went very well. All the people there were warmth and interested in what I have done and what I am doing now. The work is very interesting, clearly relevant to my background, and I am supported by management and co-workers in items that I am learning as part of my work.
Stocks, vacation, lots of days off
exciting company, great pay and sign on bonus
good pay and decent benifets
Great benefits, interesting work, nice atmosphere, good compensation, amazing coworkers, nice office and nice location in Bratislava.
Good benefits and acceptable compensation
Easy work and very flexible schedule. Not bad pay either.
Decent salary. Pretty flexible schedules. Many opportunities to pick up extra shifts.
All thoughts are just my understanding. There are many positives:  1. Significant growth in almost every direction (of which are hundreds) the company goes to, which means: - that Amazon becomes one of the best places to "design" your own career path without leaving the company. Actually, the company encourages employees to move horizontally, as they are interested in us staying and finding what we want to do for life inside the company. Ads, finance, operations, fintech, hardware, cloud - these are just a couple of things you can choose from if you want to work in Amazon. - Easier career growth. - "Winner" brand in your resume if you decide to move on later down the road.  2. Very smart people with diverse backgrounds around you, which are all interested in developing each other and directly give feedback. Especially if you have an access to VP+ level meetings, you have absolutely incredible learning opportunities, as the senior management (people I interacted with) is outstandingly knowledgeable and experienced.  3. From what I heard (have no actual data to support it), less politics than in other companies. I feel like people are super busy implementing improvements (as there are so many of them) and thus "expanding the pie" instead of dividing a small pie they have now. My feeling is that everyone understands that expanding the pie is much more rewarding in the long term.  4. Leadership Principles, which create a very good framework/guidance for all these absolutely different diverse initiatives (Amazon is like a set of many startups) to operate and interact with each other. Because of that, the whole structure is very well managed without micromanaging.
Pay is decent for fairly easy work. Easy to get hired.
You get an amazing amount of experience and to work with gifted individuals.
Employees are great to work with.
The work will go by quick. There is always something to do. You will burn many calories throughout the shift.
-A team environment -Snacks in break room occasionally -A great way to sweat out calories if picking -Friendly assistant managers! Most moved up so they understand your positions. -Co-Workers are great! You have your few bad seeds but what company doesn't. It makes the environment diverse. -You're working fast pace to easy work so the hours flies by! -You make your own hours so you work when you want.
Decent pay, Decent Hours, Fulfilling work
Great pay and overtime opportunities
Benefits are good and the company is flexible
Easy hiring process, big break area cafeteria with food and drinks you can buy, security personnel on site. Some of the people were cool. Hours were perfect and would work around anyone's schedule. Water stations and good workout on the job.
Growth and learning a lot. Stock is OK.
good management experience, diverse workforce, fun/casual work environment
They offer great pay and benefits
Decent pay. Good benefits. Flexible schedule.
Pay, benefits, promotion opportunities, insurance.
I work for Amazon Web Services (AWS) for less than a year, and am I so glad that I am where I am. AWS is a great place to work at the moment. My team is the best, very professional and smart people, kind and willing to help out whenever. You can feel the warmth as everyone is looking out for everyone. My manager is very humble and friendly, always looking to challenge me and make me grow professionally. I can't say enough good things about my work. My work/life balance is perfect.
Runs like a startup - cool environment
Everyone seams to be nice and helpful.
Good pay plus insurance 401k and full time hours.
Good benefits, lots of time off.
Work from home. How can you beat a job that lets you choose your own hours, you can work in your pjs and no commute?
Working with smart and talented people
Really great people to work with, enjoyed learning picking. Benefits are great! With in to learn something new. Never worked in a warehouse before.
-always something to do so you don't get bored - really simple job/ hard to mess up -clean facility - safe enough enviroment - will lose weight due to constant walking back and forth -pretty good pay $11.75-12.25 ish range -lots of work hours -friendly coworkers who will help you learn correctly
Good peoples to work out with
The pay was ok and the long hours were good.
fast paced, impactful and meaningful work, can learn new technologies(in-house and open sourced ones)
Great company and excellent products
Great people, great job, good outlook on career advancement
Good pay, flexible hours, easy work, many opportunities to advance.
Great people, great job, good outlook on career advancement
Good pay, flexible hours, easy work, many opportunities to advance.
Working at Amazon Fresh is a great opportunity to work in a different division of Amazon. Amazon offers many great opportunities to contribute to the team's daily goals in many ways.
Best place to work and grow career.
I've been with Amazon Alexa team for about 3 months now and am having a very positive experience! Work: Engaging with lots of learning and so much potential now and in the future. Best way for me to feel part of the team was to get a project/work where I could contribute. It was great I got to work on an initiative which did not need Amazon Alexa knowledge in depth but leveraged my experience to streamline and optimize a process improvement in my team. People: Brilliant yet humble and helpful. Most everyone goes out of their way to help you get on-boarded and make you feel part of a team Management: Leadership is very clear with their expectations. They give new comers enough time to get accustomed to the Amazon was and also explaining why things are done the way they are. They give teams enough independence to operate and execute without teams going willy-nilly. They also hold teams accountable with relevant metrics and status meetings. For working parents there is ample Work Life Balance opportunities and never left stressed about family while I've been here.
1. Good place to learn from work 2. You can realize your idea
Superb Work Culture,, Great learning curve
Fun and active work environment
Scope of role is hard to match. Get to solve intrinsically interesting problems and have broad authority to execute new idea's even at low levels within the organization.
At Amazon it is nearly impossible to define the experience you will get. Some facilities are slow, easy to maintain and you will not develop much. Other facilities are fast paced, full of issues and you will learn a lot. A big phrase at Amazon is Learn by Doing, which holds true. You really will not find any guides, training or much useful information for 99% of the problems you come across.  The one part of Amazon that I enjoy is most of the time, it is customer oriented. We do give associates great opportunities and positions, but a lot of the time it is for the lucky few who get caught up in it. There is so little organization many people will miss out on great opportunities.
good discounts gift cards work from home good pay you have a team that can help you hour lunch paid breaks 2 15min breaks
Always on the go, never really an opportunity to be bored with what you are doing. Good staff to work with.
exciting, fastpaced, empowered, ownership, opportunity
Decent schedule. Nice to know the back system of comping customers.
-Great pay and benefits, including RSUs -Flexible work environment -Many opportunities for job exploration and changing position and role -Most companies have a mission statement that doesn't mean much, but we truly live by our leadership principles to help make a difference in our customers' lives.
Amazon was Very flexible with schedule and had no problem giving me the hours I needs, great employees work here
Excellent program for advancing and having more than job, but having a career.
Valued employees and customers the same
Good for beginner just graduate
Friendly people Awesome projects Good learning experience Good pay
More Benefit for Employee Career
Fast paced, constantly challenged professionally, leadership principles are real and used, pushes you to new limits, growth opportunities boundary-less
Pay and financial package, opportunities to grow and relocate. Unlimited roles and locations to work. High tech company that is growing immensely.
Good money, available overtime hours especially during peak season. Part-time associates who always work hard and it’s a pleasure to work with them.
I am focused on helping people. We are judged by the good that we do and what are customers are able to accomplish. I feel that everyone in my org can do my job, from my boss all the way up my management chain. Folks understand what I deal with every day so I encounter very few blockers to getting things done. We are customer obsessed so its easy to navigate among choices.
Amazing work and career growth opportunities.
Pros is the energy is awesome the fast pace of work is amazing because it keeps you motivated
No Pros, do not work there unless you really need a job.
Great place to work and learn about amazon. Great culture.
Fast pace environment,lots of opportunity to grow
Learn a lot in a short period
This was a wonderful job out of college. I worked with very large datasets, had fairly free reign over what my responsibilities were, and produced work that provided a sense of accomplishment. For example, I developed Excel dashboards that every member of my team would refer to, and the data would be updated automatically on a daily basis.
Good benefits, good pay, nice area.
The Employees are one of the nicest people you will ever meet. Both Managers and Co- Workers really care about both you and your work ethic they will help you along the way and make sure you are okay. Benefits are amazing with it being the fact that you receive them on DAY ONE. Pay could be a little higher especially with the amount of work put in.
Great benefits, PTO NONPTO, vacation time, 401k
- lots internal transfer opportunities to different business, different countries. - very flexible work style
easy interview, great starting pay(12.50) + additional if you work weekend or overnights
Pays well for work done Plenty of overtime available Fast paced work environment Expectations clearly defined
Benefits Laid back atmosphere Incentives
Benefits day 1 Work is brutal but if you can survive you’ll be in better shape before you know it Work is pretty simplified, be on time, work hard, follow instructions and you’ll thrive.
Competitive salary Great people to work with
Great benefits and easy hiring process
Work at home. Keeps you busy. Paid training. Supplied equipment.
Innovation and think big is one of the greatest thing you can see everywhere around you
Great benefits, great support, great pay
Very talented and hard working team, have fun and work hard on every sort, good compensation and benefits, and feel that I’ve accomplished something important by ensuring every customer is satisfied every day.
Latest technologies and cutting edge projects Amazon really cares about security Great compensation Managers are often very flexible with time off Managers listen to senior engineers (and junior too for the most part) Everyone is super nice Switching teams is very easy and encouraged
I think the best things about working here is the shift times ,the wage and the fact that you can request to work any schedule to suit your needs. I work three doubles and am off 4 days. Shifts here are 4hr and being p\t I can only work up to 6 shifts a week. I was originally a p\t seasonal employee but when conversion to blue badge was offered,I was only 2days past my 90 and was sitting on 4 attendance points . Conversion was only open for 1 week,I put in for it and was hired. My wage went up and I have better benefits. My job is a fulfillment associate 1 in the sort center. I basically put boxes and packages on pallets that will be sent to various post offices for delivery. It is hard work and you are walking ,walking, walking . You do have a quota and you will slim down and firm up.
Pay, large break room and food trucks.
Friendly and hardworking people full of knowledge, challenging projects
Good benefits If you are desperate for some liveable money, work here
At the outset, I want to put a disclaimer that in case you find this outrageously positive in the tone of the feedback, it is actually and I might sound like I am obsessed with Amazon, because, well I might be. I will also take the opportunity to say that this feedback is purely my personal opinion and does not represent the company in any way. I am doing this voluntarily because I want to. I can only tell what I learnt newly and in spite of being in the industry for many years, I felt I have learnt so many things and maybe, for the first time, actually got to see how institutionalized certain things are, though they seem to be not really alien in concepts in other companies as well. To start with, metrics as a way to define, both the problem and the solution. The concept is certainly not new to most companies, but not in the form I have observed and learnt at Amazon. It actually becomes part of your DNA where you habitually do it and not as a top down mandate. This takes us to the next logical step where we define goals for yourself and the team. I have not seen where this is not the case. But again, its in the way it is done at Amazon. The way metrics are used to define these probably make a world of difference. Next comes the leadership principles that Amazon has so effectively come to represent. Come to think of it, why would we want to hire anyone who doesn’t already have these imbibed in himself or herself. The focus on strong technical knowledge along with testing a person in terms of their leadership skills during an interview itself makes people proud of themselves. This pride multiplies as we become interviewers ourselves. Again, typical of Amazon, you don’t qualify to become an interviewer yourself because you are now in Amazon. You go through a process called Making Great Hiring Decisions and for every interview, you have some one called a Bar Raiser who will ensure we are setting a relentlessly high standard in hiring. Again, no company will want to make poor hiring decisions, but not many have such a well defined mechanism to ensure so. And again, this ties back to what Jeff Bezos always maintained, ‘Good intentions don’t always work. Good mechanisms do’. The last thing is the quality of people you work with. You work with a lot of intelligent people around you and, the best thing about Amazon is the number of highly tenured employees you get to meet. Nobody is above details and expectedly so. It helps you be on your toes all the time. When people always talk in terms of the leadership principles, it seemed pretty odd to me initially, but, not unsurprisingly, became a habit with me too as these principles really form the foundation of Amazon. I haven’t talked a lot about the Amazon leadership principles in particular because this is about my experience and not really something that can easily be Googled for.
1. 👍🏻, proactive corporate approach/interplay with employees. 2. Benefits, day one. (WAY cool. 😜) 3. MANDATORY OT during 'Peak Period' (11/01-->12/26). Extra $$$ is NEVER a bad thing. Even if I have to earn it.  4. Amazon has a VERY modern, cutting-edge, eclectic approach to mgmt style, to its HR approach/interplay. But productivity is productivity is productivity.
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Good Nice Great Wow Awesome
Fun, fast paced work environment.
Great co-workers and amazing lower level management. Mid and high management will be in the cons section. Great for showing off on your resume. Benefits are okay, but seem to discourage families, as they are only affordable for single people with no one else to support.
They hire anyone and its very easy.
Good benefits, some perks, independence
Good base pay, stocks, and medical benefits. Cool environment and fun associates
Easy to get employment for seasonal part time and late night shifts available
Good pay High quality work Genuinely make a difference for customers
You get to do you own thing and have options to work across different roles.
This is absolutely the best team I have ever been part of in my career. I love working with these people. And the projects are interesting too. :)  BUT it really depends on the team at Amazon, I hear horror stories from other people, and it is kind of hard to believe I work at the same company sometimes. :)  That being said I do feel very appreciated working here. The regular events are pretty amazing. Bring your parent to work day was probably my favorite so far. :)  - good pay - decent benefits - nice work environment - flexible work hours and WFH arrangement - work life balance - my colleagues - great managers - adjustable standing desks - nice portable laptops (even if I'm not a mac fan. :D) - good tools and build system that are constantly being improved - leadership principles - customer obession - clear career and promotion process - mentoring program - learning talks
There is so much to learn while working at Amazon. Every day, I was presented with different challenges that makes me think out-of-the box to solve it differently. The community support is excellent for several types of challenges and mentorship is the officially supported method to yield long-term benefits.   I grew from SDE to SDM at Amazon and I have worked in two different countries myself and collaborated with teams around the globe. The vast variety of data poses several key challenges and keeps you on your toes always. The teams have great potential, people, work culture and enormous problems to solve.
Okay pay, pto, upt, vacation, etc.
-Very flexible you pick up shifts on your phone -Easiest work you will ever do -No interview for job
The 3 days in a row off. Voluntary time off can be quite often during slow times Benefits are good. Many positions opening constantly to. Move up or just do something different.
Convenience of working from home
The companies level of prestige
Good pay Easy to use app Overall good people available shifts Flexible hours/shifts More shifts during the busy season Select shifts for larger cars
Good benefits, some perks, independence
You get a set schedule with amazing benefits from day one. But The people you work with are very interesting and you see a lot of interesting items that people sell on Amazon. It's pretty fun working here! As long as you hit your rate and you don't use all your UPT then it's a great job to work for. After one year of employment it's I believe 90% tuition reimbursement for certain associates degrees. They do random opportunities throughout the year to encourage employees to work hard and stay on task. occasionally they will do bingo for prizes, basketball shoot out for prizes, and ping-pong tournaments for prizes all during the lunch break. they also have power hour where you work as fast as you can for one hour in your department and the highest rated person gets rewarded with sometimes gift cards, swag bucks to purchase Amazon swag at HR, and plenty of other opportunities to be rewarded for your work.
Great culture, great benefits, great sense of purpose.
Terrific work environment, excellent management and site leadership/support, lots of opportunities to grow and develop. People here do an excellent job of upholding the 14 Leadership Principles and working to be true to the Amazon vision. I can't speak for other sites, but I love working at PSC in Washington State!
Small teams, tons of responsibility. Huge impact. Best company in the world.
This is the place for people who want ownership and the ability to create impact at scale.
U get quick money better benefit. And better shift. It’s a lovely place to work in. Easy interview and easy to get in
It’s great Work with amazon that allows me to get benefits
great culture, fast paced and learning environment
Many opportunities for grow.
My manager and team mates trust me and empower me to do my best every day in support of customers. Constant flow of new features and services, endless firehose of learning.
Pay and benefits are good. You are asked to do a lot in a short amount of time, however you have some freedom to impact your own results.
The pay and the immediate appointment
I have enjoyed the team work, learning and exciting experience. The team was quite supportive as I was ramping up. Finally, now that I am successfully contributing value to the team, I really enjoy the autonomy and "start-up" feel to decision making. I really like that you don't have to join management to advance your career. Amazon really values engineering skills.
Good hours, emotionally stable management, hands-on training, 1-on-1 open door policy, little supervision, computer generated coaching's, high turnover associates, low-class workforce, full benefits / stock plan / 401K, Voice of Associate board, many work locations for transfer
Extremely smart people and a lot of opportunity for growth...the sky's the limit at Amazon. I've been a full-time employee for almost 3 years and I just love the culture. Competitive salary and benefits. 100% self motivating work environment, if you are not a self starter Amazon might not be the right company for you. Internal transfers to other roles and other organizations are encouraged.
The pros are the pay and how flexible the hours are. I worked 3 days one week and 4 days every other week.
A lot of overtime and management are very respectful.
overall a good place to work in
lots of work to do and it can get stressfull
pay, food, machines ,benefits ,cool
Good enough salary and you meet new people.
Good place to work and learn
I loved Amazon before I worked there and after working there...I do not feel the same about the company. Absolutely no pros to working there.
Plenty of opportunities for career growth, you are surrounded by strong motivated community.
Work From Home, Equipment provided, Discount
Would keep you moving, great excerise, stretch breaks, and an enjoyable work environment.
compensation package, job security, growing
They have great opportunities to earn extra money. Most of the staff are nice and friendly and very helpful when you run into a problem.
learn a lot here, work with smart people, mobility
It is challenging with fun co workers
Great opportunity to face many challenges, boost yourself to find you can do more than you expected.
Good overtime opportunities and benefits
When they hired me in November for full time I did not know I had to work 6 days a week 10 hrs a day. I just could not do it. But will try to get rehired in January. Wish I could have done it. Pay was good n 300 dollar bonus at the end n could win all kinds of stuff n benefits.
Get out what you put in, be prepared to be intellectually tested and challenged outside of your comfort zone in a good way.
Schedule Flexibility Active fast paced workplace.
Benefits start day one. All benefits you could need or want. Not many places for this.
Set hours, weekly pay, overtime offered
lots of perks, decent pay.
Out of every ten employees I have to work with 7-9 of them are brilliant in their own right (former Startup CEOs, rocket scientists from NASA, scholars, former pro athletes, academia stars, etc). I've been drinking from the firehose for three years and counting and honestly don't see that slowing down. If you like to learn and really want to propel yourself in your career and industry, coming to a company like Amazon (or google facebook, or MS, really any of the top tech companies.,..) is a GREAT career move. I honestly don't see how i'd go back to a middle of the pack company again....so many people leave here at middle level positions, and go on to be higher level directors at middle of the pack companies. Its like the difference between playing at a D2/D3 college and going Division 1.  Compared to other companies in the Washington DC area, the pay is better and/or on par. Because of the stock that you get in addition to the salary, most of us are faring much better than any other position that you'd have around here in a comparable org/role.  Amazon's way more progressive than most DC area companies - dressing up is frowned upon, people have tattoos/pink hair/etc,...basically come as you are within reason. This removes a layer of stress associated with having to get ready for work, that people really don't realize has a great value. We have pretty good benefits too.  You can get hired on and changed roles internally easily. No manager can stop you from transferring. I think this has made managers a bit more nice, as they can lose you easily if they get out of line.  Amazon is pretty progressive when it comes to skills - they don't care as much about certs and degrees as your abilities. I'm on a team where I'm the only degreed individual, and yet, i do believe that one person, is probably top ten experts in their field in the world, and another person to be exceptional in their skillset as well. The third person has over 30 years of experience and they literally begged them not to retire. That said, we also have many phDs and exceptional academics here,..but the key takeaway is be exceptional at making and/or doing. Alphabet soup credentials are not impressive here. Curing cancer is.  So many internal programs to develop technical skills and change career paths. You can come here as an hourly employee and eventually train your way into engineering if you do the work.
Amazon is a rare company that truly "lives and breathes" their Leadership Principles which drives the innovative & collaborative culture. I can see this displayed in the first week I joined Amazon and excited to be part of the largest "Startup" company in the world where every day is Day 1.
If you are looking for an unadulterated purpose behind your work, a razor-focus on creating the best products that will change the way we live our lives, this the place.
You'll work with the most talented, intelligent individuals in the industry. You'll be challenged daily, but empowered to make changes to impact your business. The growth potential and financial stability that Amazon offers is bar NONE!
Getting best technology to work with
Opportunities to find a position in various areas.
Great work environment, learns multiple skill
- Lots of challenging problems - Smart, driven people - Collaborative environment
a lot of support in the team
VCP payouts every month that you use minimal amounts of UPT Works with school hours (have to work minimal of 30/wk)
The pay is not bad compared to the type of job. Easy to get the job
Nice employees, huge facility, and easy work
Beverages no cost tome off when system fails
After previously being at Fortune 500 company, the single biggest thing that stands out is how empowered you are - right from the beginning. Things move incredibly fast. With the growing size and reach, you have the opportunity to move most anywhere in the world.  Additionally I left Amazon after two years to work on a project outside the company. After a year away and standing up what I'd left for, I came back to Amazon and have continued to stretch myself and feel honored to be able to do so.
Flexible and easy to learn
Great chance for advancement, great management teams, definitely and awesome place to work
Benefits, pay, set schedule. I like the 10hour shift for 4 days a week and 3 days off. You get to meet a lot of great people.
it a wonderful place to work I just love being in the public eye and interact with people
You can find a good team to work in if you are driven enough and make a good case for yourself I like the leadership principals even more after leaving Amazon. They should be adhered to more.
Good work environment....Amazon is pretty good about treating their employees well with food and good health benefits and prizes every now and then
None at all. Not even one.
Benefits get full time hours
Benefits start day one. Decent pay if you have no skills or are starting over and it is easy to be hired.
- A job. - Met some nice people enduring the same experience as me.
Perhaps the difference is that I'm approaching this from late in life. I was thrilled to be hired at 62 and am by far not the oldest. It's hard work and it beats me up almost every night but I feel accomplished. Also, I chose to work and do not have to worry about making rent. The pay is way above minimum and management is firm, but fair. Every workplace has drama, but on Night Sort we all do all of the jobs and are on more/less equal footing. It surprises me that I like it. After a lifetime of job stress in the "cube farm" it's a pleasure to show up, put in the effort, clock out and go home without taking it with me. There are small perks they don't have to do: pizza, candy, Swagbucks, time off at will, T-shirts, gift cards. And you will get in shape.
RSU compensation has been great for long term employees. Company is truly customer obsessed and very dynamic environment to work within
1. You meet a lot of super smart and hard-working people here. You'll become a competent coder, designer, and architect in no time. Engineers are usually nice and willing to help. 2. The pay is great especially if it is your first full-time job. 3. You can work from home if you do not have any meetings scheduled. 4. Because the work you do is usually very challenging, you develop a genuine camaraderie with your teammates. 5. Amazon is a great resume booster. You can go anywhere you'd like after working here.
Executive Assistant Team, Always challenged with new projects, Lots of event management opportunities, Great Manager, Great Team, Fast-Paced Work Environment, Bring Dogs to Work, Plenty of Amazing extra benefits, Flexible hours
Good pay, excellent benefits. Everyone is pretty nice at Amazon. You have great opportunities at Amazon. I love that they want more for their employees.
Wages, benefits, meet new people, too, the smarter/harder you work the more job security.
Great people to work with here.
Very friendly work atmosphere Work is competitive and not monotonous Lots of events that happen regularly, great fun!
nice people good place to be
Upper management such as HR are very attentive, and always available. Great hours to choose from all the time. I love that it is fast paced.
Most fellow employees sre good people Good work out everyday
-Pays pretty decently because of all the overtime and whatnot -It's a new warehouse and its pretty nice inside, everything is easily reachable during break etc. -Mostly everyone is pretty nice
Good physical activity and flexible hours
Good benefits Only work 7 out of every 14 days
Amazon is a solid company, depending on who and where you work. The company has great organization methods in place and offers solid benefits.
Ownership, autonomy, fast moving and room to advance (depends on team). I honestly feel, it is what you make it!
An established company that isn't in danger of folding overnight.
Nothing about this job is positive.
Great benefits when you start
Specially if you don’t have any college degree or other type of experience. 40 hours per week plus voluntary over time every time for those that need the extra hours.
Amazon has so many excellent internal tools help people develop fast
Switching teams is easy, managers are supportive.
Very flexible and great hours.
Great environment Friendly co-workers Freedom to express yourself
Good pay, excellent benefits. Everyone is pretty nice at Amazon. You have great opportunities at Amazon. I love that they want more for their employees.
Amazon's set of technical challenges are unique to just a handful of companies. Thanks to the high hiring bar, you'll truly find yourself working with some of the smartest individuals you'll ever meet. You will be given opportunities to grow your skill set, and your career, and even if you choose to leave the company, you will find your experience in very high demand with other employers in the area.  Teams generally run themselves independently - this includes defining projects, their priorities, and technical decisions. In that sense, it would be accurate to think of Amazon as a collection of loosely affiliated startups, which sometime overlap in scope, with a shared goal of doing right by our customers.
Great location and people work hard.
Good hours pay is ok but was promised more then I receive
Friendly people. Easy job. Good while it last
Great work culture. Fast Paced. Always evolving. Mostly honest feedbacks. Great leadership principles. Smart co-workers. Being part of impactful things. High growth company. Good pay and esops. Challenging work environment
The Leadership Principles are alive in everything we do. It is not easy, but it does make working at Amazon one of the best jobs I have ever had. Customer Obsession and Earning Trust (with our customers and each other) provides the foundation for impactful work!
Amazing culture and values. Employees are given autonomy and responsibility quickly with lots of opportunity to advance soley based on your merits and not time at the company or seniority. The team works hard, has fun, and makes a difference.
Software engineers are really empowered at Amazon, with a strong voice in determining the direction of their product/project. I am also fortunate to work with a wonderful group of people on my team. These factors, a great company culture and a great team, make Amazon a fabulous place to work for me.
Amazon work groups have great autonomy to work independently and provide superior results. We are empowered via the Amazon leadership principles to place big bets and take calculated risks. Amazon is a technology company. As a technologist, I can think of no greater company to work for. Living and working in Seattle at Amazon headquarters is an invigorating experience on many levels: technical challenges, technical autonomy, decision making clear down to the engineering level, freedom to do the right thing, no dress code, and downtown Seattle culture including restaurants, activities, the Pacific Ocean, and a view of stunning mountain ranges.
For the first time in my career I feel in control of how I work. I love how Amazon asks the question "how can we work better?" and then allows me to make the changes I feel make my work better. Everything is new and exciting. Very much how it was when I started my career in production.
1. Challenging work and hence you learn a lot. 2. Not that stressful as I had heard about. But it depends on the team.
Keep learning at any age You are at the cutting edge of technology Innovating and Building Working with the Brightest and Smartest Professionals
Managers are great, they are always willing to work with you
Great work life balance. Dont take work home Rarely am I asked to work extra and most times I take on more because I have the capacity too. Walking distance from my house We have dogs to hang out with on lunch and breaks
Benefits day 1. I pay $16 for medical dental and vision just for one person. The trainer I had was awesome and the atmosphere is awesome. Right off the bat you get personal time (10hrs) which you can use all at once or use it bits at a time.
you would always work on real and impactful business problems
fast and easy money, fast-paced, easy to learn
1. Learn a lot 2. Diversity
-2 weeks of vacation first year -3 weeks of vacation after first year -smart colleagues and supervisors with can-do attitude -excellent compensation and benefits package -people are very nice and collaborative, rather than competitive. strong feeling of team-ness -leadership has incentive to push you forward so your manager is on your side when it comes time to promotion -there's a formal mentorship program that everyone is encouraged to participate -people do fun stuff outside of work together such as play soccer in a company team -flexible work hours -can bring dog to work -free gym -free parking -free snacks
I interviewed for a CSA position 2 years ago. I have never seen a company focus on individual growth as much as Amazon does. In the last 2 years, I have been promoted twice. Even though the company is huge, the culture here is like that of a startup. Everyone gets recognized for their work. This company is a fire hose of knowledge and is the best place for anyone who is curious to learn something new every day.
Work from home. Great benefit and some benefits start at the 1st day.
Great pay in most positions about level 3, many great people to work with, room for growth, stock share(s), South Lake Union views and buildings, and a big discount of $10 off prime services?
good pay for mindless tasks
I really enjoy the fast pace environment. I am never bored at work and my days fly by. My team is awesome and great to work with. Great first job out of college!
When employees learn in a faster way and demonstrate interest in their job, ther have the opportunity to get promoted in this company.
Worked with very talented people. The most complex build system I've ever seen. Pays well
- Lots of money - Looks great on resume - Challenging, fast paced environment - Job security - Insurance benefits are great
Pay and benefits are unparalleled, and upward mobility is fantastic for those who are willing to put in the sweat equity and work for it.
Unbelievably easy to perform like a rockstar. The longer I am with this company the more insight I gain in regards to all the negative reviews. Now I could be a little too hard on people but I mean really scanning boxes at a rate of 120 per hour seemed hard and unattainable to me until I realized what I was doin wrong like focusing too much on big boxes and wasting too much time fixing messy pallets to fit a box in, not doing enough jiffy’s. Amazon is a pretty cool place to work for but only if u actually work and strive to be the best. Great learning opportunities. Great way to really beef up ur resume. Wrapping and top wrapping pallets is so much fun! The hilarious things that accidentally break loose from boxes.
Lots of hours and opportunities for extra time, good benefits
Great work environment and friendly staff.
You get a 10% discount on "fulfilled by Amazon" orders on amazon. They train you to operate equipment such as forklifts, turrets, electric pallet jacks. Very friendly environment.
* Great co-workers * Love the atmosphere of going to work each day
Relaxing, stable, easy, remote, can help ppl solve problems which is satisfying
Great pay. Full time means 10hr shifts four times a week. That means 3 consecutive days off.
good school, learn a lot
OK pay for the job
Great experience and lot of ownership
Unbelievably easy to perform like a rockstar. The longer I am with this company the more insight I gain in regards to all the negative reviews. Now I could be a little too hard on people but I mean really scanning boxes at a rate of 120 per hour seemed hard and unattainable to me until I realized what I was doin wrong like focusing too much on big boxes and wasting too much time fixing messy pallets to fit a box in, not doing enough jiffy’s. Amazon is a pretty cool place to work for but only if u actually work and strive to be the best. Great learning opportunities. Great way to really beef up ur resume. Wrapping and top wrapping pallets is so much fun! The hilarious things that accidentally break loose from boxes.
Great pay and great employees, everybody is friendly
You’ll be surrounded by incredibly smart people who will help up your game.
Flexible schedules, easy to find extra hours.
Amazon looks good on your resume
Anyone who has a drive and a will to succeed can read the Amazon Leadership Principles to understand how to excel in the work environment there. You're surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the industry. There are great opportunities to mentor and be mentored.
Good work Environment Lots to learn
Awesome, customer-centric culture. A hiring process that weeds out slackers and people who don't share our passion for customers and fast, effective execution. Excellent resources to help a sales person be successful.
Good pay, great company, good benefits
Opportunity for great experience and to work with very smart people.
Good pay and great management Good location
Great environment, easy work, recognition, pay during peak.
The health and stock benefits are nice. The match on the 401k isn't too bad either. Every day is a new experience and every experience can be an opportunity to learn.
The pay rate that starts at 12.25/hr
Get a decent pay and benefits.
Pay, benefits, easy job.
The team managers are amazing
Flexible hours if you work a full-time and looking for a part-time but must work one day out of the weekend!
The starting pay is decent and you'll have plenty of overtime.
It's a paycheck every week.
Pay and benefits are top class. learned a lot about the industry.
Great benefits, many different teams to cater to everyone's interests
Work here is challenging and fast paced. Get on the right team and you can go far. Expectations are high so work can be stressful. However, it's not as bad as people say. Most managers care about you and your well being. So far work/life balance is not an issue
great place to work at, managment is very respectful
Decent pay to start out, company stocks when hired, acquire paid time off over time
Get a decent pay and benefits.
There is room to move up and the people are great.
+ Surrounded by talented and fun people + Great work life balance + Very competitive pay and benefits + Innovative company
Lots of movement to advance if your patient
Decent Pay ...time-off Is flexible...
You only have to work at Amazon for 90 days and you can be promoted to the next level if you want. The benefit package is wonderful. There is a lot of time off.
Short shifts, which is great becuase it is very physical work.
Very fair wage to start Stock option and bonuses even for PT upon hire Multiple breaks/even paid
Vision/LTD/STD, Employees are given stock, Generous time off, Paid Holidays
great entry job. benefits. stocks.
Benefits are great and it is easily to move up in the company.
Lots of overtime offered for the christmas season, short shifts, and they throw in an extra 4 hours of holiday pay plus time and half when you work on the holidays. Lots of raffle prizes given out during the christmas season.
- A growing team - as Amazon adds new web services they add new writers. They don't just throw the new work on our existing writers' plates. - A strong editorial support staff - a really good ratio between writers and editors ensures that the technically oriented writers produce good text. - An active tools team - they are always working to automate more of the process and improve our tooling to allow us to focus on what really matters: describing complex technology for our customers. - Flexibility - we can work from home one or more days each week as long as we get the job done. We also can pretty much set our own hours as either early birds or night owls.
The company created a very comfortable and relaxed work environment. Everything is pretty straight forward and easy to do. There is also slot of overtime available.
Hours are good... Pay is good. As long as you do your job, you won't have anyone constantly looking over your shoulder.
It grows strong characteristics in life of individuals that are ready for self reliance work and mentality.
Great pay, fun atmosphere, get to customers every day lives. The leadership principles are no BS and guide pretty much every decision.
Get hardcore and authentic product management experience here.
I love that the company has a set of principles that really drive how they think and operate. They're part of everything that we do. If you read them (published as Amazon.com's Leadership Principles) and aren't inspired, this may not be the best place for you.
Good stock growth so far
Easy to get hired. Lenient about time off when you need it. You can manage your own personal time. Four day work week, so three days off is a plus.
Flexible work schedule. Decent hourly pay. Great benefits for a part time job.
Great place to be in if you like your work to be kind of a roller coaster ride, with lot of twists and turns and sometimes a surprising lull too. Amazon is practically now so many different companies that you could be here for 20 years without your job feeling redundant. Lot of passionate and smart people looking to do great work, makes you push yourself to achieve more.
Weekly pay is great to receive.
Opportunity to lead a team.
Great place, fast paced, overtime
The pay for the period of time you work is worth the wait.
Great Pay Diverse benefits Limitless advancement Ability to relocate
Love the fast pace and autonomy you have to make an impact. I also really like the people overall. My team has a great culture of helping each other out. Access to learning and training is amazing.
Good money, and driving the vehicles you never pushing yourself too hard but still busy.
fast-paced, engineering culture, passionate, friendly collegues
Great training. Very patient and detailed
not too sure yet honestly
Yes they pay a lot, give you decent vacation, and stock
You only work about 4 hours a day.
Paid training. Benefits available. Lunches and breaks and evenly spaced.
There is always jobs available. Easy work, no qualifications other than pass a drug test. Don’t have to worry about the company closing its doors.
Work schedule, benefits and pay incentives.
Great work experience and exposure, fast paced, highly motivated/driven co-workers, performance based culture, cross-functional/ matrixed org structure
Work-life balance is as good as it gets.
- Great benefits, especially parental leave - Stock keeps going up - When you can get into an Amazon garage (long waitlist) parking is very reasonable for downtown Seattle - Ability to move around within the company. You are able to do many different things without having to move to a new company. - I have always been on teams that are very flexible regarding PTO, needing to WFH and arrive late/leave early.
High Pay but it's promissory - i.e., restricted stock units that begin to vest at month 25 when the sign-on bonus is about to expire. Carrot on a stick tactic to make it difficult to want to leave (if you're predominately motivated by money)
Leading packing lines at Amazon looks good on a resume and interview for better jobs
Managers are great, their operation is great, facility is great, pay is 13.85
not micromanaged, friendly coworkers, and you can choose your break time
You meet a lot of people
Most days are pretty great, honestly. I am constantly pushed to think bigger Employees are competent, smart, and interesting. I have had limited interactions with people who were nasty, childish, or rude. Ability to own projects, and create initiatives even at entry level Management wants to hear your ideas, and encourages invention Good work life balance
Great medical benefits, monthly bonuses, stock incentive, casual work environment, diverse people. Pretty cool place to work, freebies for performers. And did I mention the cool people! 3 day weekends, overtime available.. easy interview process. Pass the screening online and if you're asked to come for and interview you got the job as long as you pass the mouth swab drug test and background check. Regarding background just be honest on in your app, they are pretty flexible. Someone will call you to verify and then you're good!
Great medical benefits, monthly bonuses, stock incentive, casual work environment, diverse people. Pretty cool place to work, freebies for performers. And did I mention the cool people! 3 day weekends, overtime available.. easy interview process. Pass the screening online and if you're asked to come for and interview you got the job as long as you pass the mouth swab drug test and background check. Regarding background just be honest on in your app, they are pretty flexible. Someone will call you to verify and then you're good!
It's lit I liked the money
Great pay and innovative company
lot of growth, good culture
good workout, great opportunity for growth if you kiss tail
Opportunities to travel with competitive benefits.
Worked with school schedule, met some great people.
-Benefits -3 days off -Chances to win prizes, like tvs and game consoles.
Great benefits! 401k, incredible health insurance price plans, stock options fully vested after 3 years. PTO, VTO, VOT, MOT. If you work hard and are good to them, It pays off and will pay you off.  Good work and life balance
Great place to learn and grow and improve your skills. The culture is amazing. You are free to provide feedback to anyone in an attempt to continuously improve our client facing skills and deliverables. You are free to fail as well.
Great communication on training and great atmosphere in the work place.
in Amazon Web Services unlimited Innovation, very good benefits and pay compared to similar companies, awesome culture and respect, consistent message across all business unites and departments.
Excellent project management, smart colleagues to work with, nice company culture and values
Great career opportunities and work life balance (due to internal tools to ease Operations workload) Great compensation, benefits and perks Talented and hardworking peers. Multi phased wetting interview process to make sure people with right skills and commitment make it to the teams. Very customer focused and your decisions in day to day life impacts the customers directly.
This is a great place to work! Colleagues are very nice, managers care a lot about us and encourage us to take trainings to develop ourselves.
Paid Holidays, Health Care, Dental, 401K
Great place to learn, talented workforce
Diversity, Ability to Grow, Benefits and Compensation
Highly motivated individuals. Strong culture and process. Work is focused on substance, not fluff.
Flexible, innovative, surrounded by smart people, constantly challenged
Highly motivated individuals. Strong culture and process. Work is focused on substance, not fluff.
Flexible, innovative, surrounded by smart people, constantly challenged
- Amazing talent around you to learn from as well as keeps you at your toes - Great work life balance (Just get your task completed and keep inventing new ways to complete projects more efficiently) - Massive company so there is something for everyone - Feels like working for a startup with money (Though frugality is a bloodline) - Be part of the future - Culture - Fewer Layers in leadership - Food Medical, Dental and Vision - Stock Compensation
the hours and benefits are good.
Good pay was at top of reasons. 16$/hr
Overtime Pay, Benefits, Fun Co Workers
Every single person on my team is incredibly smart. It creates a culture unlike any other. People do live the leadership principles at work which is a framework that enables us to do the right thing.
Great job with decent pay for unskilled positions and job security as well as growth
I love the company they are great
Benefits day one if hired directly by amazon
Fast pace. Goes by quick.
Voluntary time off allows for some schedule flexibility
Paid time off and unpaid time off available from day one. Benefits are ok.
semi-good basic training for a junior tech person
Great benefits, great pay, they help pay for your education as well
Smarts engineers and working on latest technologies
Great benefits! 401k, incredible health insurance price plans, stock options fully vested after 3 years. PTO, VTO, VOT, MOT. If you work hard and are good to them, It pays off and will pay you off.  Good work and life balance
VTO & VTE No boss over your back
The company has great benefits.
Definitely large scaling. A lot stuff to learn when you deal with large volume of customer based. Most teams have good culture and open to discuss professionally.
Work Culture, Ease of communication with the hierarchy, well defined goals, open to cross functional process knowledge.
big company, famous, good stock share
Great benefits great work environment
I know my work ethic, would be a plus with team work knowledge and time management.
It was easy work, not hard to do really anything, fast and you do get a 15 minute break so that's a plus, they have a wait room with games and food, and drinks and everyone is friendly and willing to work as a team
Good work environment and best leadership ever
keeps you busy, fast growing company, lots of opportunities. schedules are set for first 90 days, but appears to be adjustable after.
- lots of autonomy and freedom - you get to work with truly cutting edge tech - smart people
DON'T KNOW OF ANY BECAUSE NEVER GIVEN THE CHANCE
Good company. Nice new building. Hr lady lyed like a cheap rug.
Friendly coworkers, nice new building
Benefits are good. They offer overtime which is great. This is a new location so, so far so good. They provide you with training. Training is fast so you must be a fast learner. You get trained on everything within the building. During peak you are allow a certain amount of over time.
Amazon is great People are nice Tons of opportunities etc
Work from home, support of team and managers, supplied laptop and headset, easy job with lots of training.
Opportunities to move to new roles
* Full control over your world- lots of responsibility but also authority * Amazing people to work with * Great technology stack * Tons of growth opportunity * Working at scale, building highly-available and resilient software
We work on problems that are dictated by our customers, which is really fun. We scale very quickly, it's not unusual to go from not making any revenue to millions in a year. Great working environment. Good comp.
Experience and a lot of friendly faces. Great benefits
Lots of smart people. Good pay, able to work on big projects.
Easy work, a zombie could work here or someone completely brain dead. Easiest job I have ever had and my manager was great.
Good benefits and smart people around
Leadership principals are good guidelines for life (IMO) on top of work. Lots of opportunity for those who work hard and have good self-awareness. The ability to prioritize and know when to say no are useful to your career success.
Interesting company where no day is the same.
Very fast-paced but people really care about their work and its contagious
It's decent pay. $12.50 an hour is pretty decent. You don't really have to worry about your hours changing on you. Break room offers alot of food and drinks.
Good consistent hours and benifits
Fast paced environment, where things are constantly changing. If you liked being outside of your comfort zone and learning new skill sets on a daily basis than this is the place for you. I have had multiple days when leaving work where I can honestly tell that I have gotten smarter because of how many great people are thinking big!
There is so much growth opportunity, that it makes 10/hr worth it. I have been given opportunities to move around within Amazon and I have only been with them going on 6 months.
Nice environment ,and good organization.
4 days on 3 days off
Position allowed for a lot of autonomy.
* mostly great people (friendly, intelligent, etc) * leadership principles guide most conversations and decisions * emphasis on data * emphasis on consensus building * impact people globally
good benefit and environment for fulltime SDE
Decent pay, varying shifts, ability to lose weight
Lots of opportunity to make an impact on the business. In many jobs you can see the impact you are making in customers
Great benefits, fun co-workers, informal atmosphere.
Benefits, paid time-off, different cultures
full paid medical from day one
lots of growths opportunity
Make rate and they let you cross-train in areas. I have been in the Las Vegas location since August and have been cross trained in for other areas. So I am not just stuck at processing all week.
Make rate and they let you cross-train in areas. I have been in the Las Vegas location since August and have been cross trained in for other areas. So I am not just stuck at processing all week.
Great workplace for great workers
Good pay and quick immediate hire
Paid time off and vacation time added to bank every pay period.  Well known company (for those who care about recognition and reputation).  Liberal dress code.
Some of the floor managers looked out for me and helped protect me from the toxic environment of favoritism that was rampant.
Great company focused on its customers.
Very organized,respectful,peaceful,neat and lively. Good pay Nice management. Flexible timing
Innovative company, growing like crazy still.
$$$. benefits start on first day. Mandatory OT lots of hours during holidays. 40 hrs in four days
i like amazon has a good benefit good pay
I cannot point to the pay, benefits or working conditions as pro's because they are all pretty terrible, recruiting lies to and misleads people in order to get fresh faces in the door to offset one of the highest turnover rates of any company. If I had to point to one pro, it would probably be the availability of part time shifts that work well for those who are going to college full time as well as the fact that the pay is at the top of the scale, when compared to other part time jobs like fast food or coffee shops. It is the bonds I have formed with my coworkers as well as all the wonderful people I have met, that have made the job tolerable and keep me excited to come back. I highly suggest starting as a part time employee, if you like it there are plenty of chances to move to full time or increase your hours.
Great place to work I liked it
4 Day Work weeks, 3 days off.
Good hours, friendly managers, lots of people to meet
The compensation and benefits are very competitive.
Pay, benefits and somewhat you meet cool people.
Health benefits are ok. Stocks are good (especially if you got hired 3-4 years ago, for new hires its wors as will give only a few since the price is too high). And you can transfer everywhere in the US.
Great benefits and peoples
Fast and fun work environment
Good pay, good benefits, promised hours
I've been with Amazon for 3 years before I finally resigned. I started directly out of college as an Area Manager and promoted once a year to Operation Manager, and was starting to get tapped for Senior Operations Manager. The progression at this company is unbelievable and growth potential is nearly limitless. You get to work with a highly dedicated team that strives to raise the bar. Don't get me wrong, you may come across individuals who also do the minimum and cut corners to "get results", but that is the case anywhere. I was able to lead teams of up to +700 associates, and indirectly oversee +1500 associates during the holiday season, all at the age of 25. I was able to influence shift wide, department wide, building wide, and even region wide procedures/processes/decisions for the company.
Easiest job you can get with alright pay.
hours overtime graveyard pay weekly pay
The building is climate controlled and quite clean. Every body gets along, some folks are more friendly than others but nobody is a problem.
You have a lot of autonomy and opportunity to show your worth.
- The people are nice and friendly - Fast Paced environment - Good pay
Great pay, great benefits, great discounts for employees, and super awesome bosses. You get paid hours build up and you can use them when you want.
Plenty of opportunities for advancement and training in all areas of the warehouse. Management works closely with employees which creates a great working relationship. Hard but easy work, be prepared to stand on feet for 5 hours a day. 15 minute paid break. The pay is decent for the work that's being done.
Fast paced and friendly environment
It CAN be a good side job if you’re that desperate for money. Even better if you’re also in shape because you will be expected to move quickly.
You get to work with talented and driven people. You work on amazing initiatives that inspire you to come to work everyday. There is flexibility in the work schedule. You can move between teams to ensure you find your best fit.
Great benefits and great co-workers
The pay is good the hours are long. But is nice place to work or is very caring.
Great job for a student,  Solid pay for how little you are asked of,  Lot's of overtime available,  Decent exercise,  Extremely friendly co-workers for the most part  Tons of time off  Music over the sound system. Not always my choice, but varied, so overall enjoyable.
Sales do not reflect pay (not commission based) Trusting you enough to operate the pop-up independently. Hours/payroll are not affected by sales, as they are in most retail positions. Great pay for part time OR full time! Insurance, 401K, as well as PTO benefits for both partial and full time employees. Hourly pay+1/2 hour for each hour paid on every Sunday, as well as 6 scheduled, Federal Holidays throughout the year. Paid Holiday off if you are unscheduled! Commitment to elevate toward a higher position within the corporation. 30 minute unpaid lunch break, as well as 2 seperate, paid 15 minute breaks. Solid foundation toward your future career goals!
- Obsession with customer success is most definitely front and center Collectively the smartest group of people with whom I've ever worked - Leadership principles are no joke and provide a common set of operating guidelines - Anybody at any level can make change happen within the organization
Take you career to next level Lot of opportunities to learn Put you out of your comfort zone to learn more Leadership is very supportive but knows what they want
Amazon is a challenging, constantly invigorating place to work. I wish I'd begun working here earlier—every company I've worked for, in the private and public sectors, could learn lessons from Amazon.
-Dynamic Environment -Team Oriented. -Great Training. -Incredible managers and peers.
A land of opportunities, if you are a person where you can learn and build solutions very quickly and help customers to succeed at a faster rate than ever before then this is the place to be.  In this company, there is a high value for the data and facts that go behind any deliverable, recommendation, improvement, and whatever is done. This overwrites or reduce a great deal of traditional processes. This not only helps the company but also help the employees to grow in their careers.  How many companies encourages do not afraid to fail and do mistakes. What is important is: learn from the mistakes and get better at what you do and innovate every day!
The corporate culture is energizing and encourages all team members to act as owners on behalf of customers.
Everyone is very nice and supportive. They care about the employees and offer many options for support.
Has good benefits. Life, stock, matching 401 k, pto, vacation, adoption assistance , maternity - Paternity leave, full time forty hour Week , new skills, great main break room. Plenty of on site parking. Easy access to tollway.
You can pick your schedule
Benefits starting on day one
Amazon has excellent benefits all around (investment, health care, and bonuses). Additionally the environment in which a field transportation associate works allows for being outside of facility the majority of the time, heavy interaction with most departments, and the ability to create software solutions on the fly to automate task that would otherwise take a lot of time.
-good hourly pay -good benefits -advance quickly
Very innovative and inspiring environment. You take ownership of your ideas
Compensation package, Local Team/People, Location (near a plethora of beaches), Work Schedule when circumstances are normal, Growth Opportunities, Ability for rapid change, as an individual and as an organization
Many opportunities to learn and be curious!
Many opportunities to learn and be curious!
Work on cutting-edge technologies Work with competitive people around
Work with smart people, solving world class impact issues, serving large customer base and make huge impact, tons of training internally, opportunity to learn and grow.
Great environment for working and improving
Fast paced, great people, good benefits
1.) The job is not that boring. 2.) Decent pay. 3.) Optional extra hours
I loved the sense of community that each team felt like. Being on a close knit team while pioneering new spaces was one of the best work experiences I've ever had. To have survived the infamous Cloud Drive/Cloud Music release (Amazon underestimated the amount of people the new features would bring in and the team was woefully underprepared to handle the call/email volume and had vague blurbs at first). Brings a tear to my eyes just thinking about what my team went through during the weeks following that incident)  Also how much other teams were willing to help out teams that were under heavy unexpected call volume. Amazon Instant Video broke (like it had a tendency of doing) but during this time, EVERYTHING went down. As in Can't connect to Amazon servers across ALL devices. My team, along with everyone else, pulled all but 2-3 agents to help AIV out (at peak, there was 800+ calls in queue).  Management (at least to me) was amazing and super helpful.
Great atmosphere at a great place to work. Benefits, Stock, bonus pay.
good benefits, room for moving up, good working conditions with safety being the priority
Smart colleagues, interesting work, high pay
Work when you want and balance your life.
No good reasons to work here.
There are no positive side to working at Amazon ! I was there for 4 and a half years and that was way too long !
Great culture that emphasizes directness and transparency, which may not be ideal for all. Many new opportunities, constant challenges.
Having great management is critical to the success of a team/employee. I am fortunate to have an excellent manager. I have the privilege of working on unique projects that pull skills and talents out of me.
New challanges and benefits are good
great learning environment, growth Opportunities, Leadership skills
Always stuff to work on or improve. For the most part, very smart people who all move at a very pace and are eager to make large impacts. Company has many exciting areas of interest.
Great ownership over career and career goals.
Great work environment, good pay, fun coworkers.
Affordable healthcare and friendly co-workers
The pay was pretty decent
Benefits, hours, challenging, structure, motivation
The people are awesome, clean environment.
Health and dental insurance and only work 4 days a week 10 hour shifts.
Great stock options, great health care through Kaiser (but only if you live in CA) but not free like other tech companies in the bay area, fast paced challenging environment that will always keep you busy
Benefits are amazing training is detailed and no pushing and you can always ask for help without feeling pressured not to
great benefits, flexibility and many perks
Great opportunities, best place for developers in Costa Rica
Good Pay I love working with them!! & GIFT CARDS!!!!!!
There are big changes in Amazon, and now they are the focus is to be employee-centric. You'll work on cutting-edge projects / solve important issues that impact your community and the world. You have ample options of training, or you can also switch career in the interesting field.  I have an excellent manager and team who are always motivated and looking for new ideas.You'll meet interesting people who are your colleagues, managers, and senior management.
Lots of diversity interesting work great culture nice / helpful employees
Amazon provides relative job security for "pickers" (people who assemble orders to go to customers) and "c-rets" (people who process items returned by customers) because people will always buy things, and return them.
Flexible hours, work from home
Great benefits, good stock options,
You got to learn new things everyday, easy advancement, trainings, met different people everyday.
1. Innovation at his best. Lucky to have an opportunity to work on Innovative & awesome products. I also got an opportunity to work with awesome talent @ Amazon. Diversity at his best at Amazon 2. Flexible Work Schedule & Travel. 3. Manager are always there to understand your concerns. it is easy to transfer if you like to try to different things at Amazon. The manager always happy to discuss the long-term career plan & transfer are really easy. 3. Shuttles available most of the locations. 4. You get an opportunity to participate in the beta testing & win amazon gift cards.
good work culture at amazon
good pay, plenty of hours
It's fairly easy to work and it's something I can see myself doing.
Good pay, four-day work weeks, quick promotions
Great co-workers and good benefits
Decent pay. Lots of benefits.
Great working with coworkers and friends
Its cool to see how much people order
decent pay for high school students
its a Job and it has opportunities for overtime if you need them.
Good pay, benefits, friendly co workers.
Great benefits friendly work environment
I am a very good consistent worker looking to work. Able to lift 50 pounds or more for more than 8-12 hours
Great work culture with great people
Great Benefits Some of The Leadership staff have hearts Holiday pay even if you don’t work
- Interesting/challenging problems to solve, which push the boundaries of technology and known limitations - Business impact of your work is immediate and feels valuable. - Incredible growth opportunities - can have the challenges and opportunities to be promoted in a very short period of time, versus other high-profile companies. - Leadership principles guide and dictate best practices, which helps to consistently uphold a high level of standards across hiring, quality of work, and - Work/life balance is way better than what the media portrays - working nights or weekends never happens unless on-call. - Office area is quiet and spacious, with tons of meeting rooms and a great view of downtown Bellevue.
Fast paced and energetic environment. You're given a lot of responsibility, regardless of level, and really get to have a chance to have an impact on the business. It's easy to move around the company and even make large career changes. There's no workplace politics that can prevent you from finding a new team or taking your career/promotions into your own hand. With plenty open roles and teams across the world, there's really an opportunity for everyone at Amazon to find something that they truly enjoy. It's also a really fun work environment, with a young workforce. I really enjoy the open learning sessions you can join to learn about what other teams are working on, there's plenty of company/team sponsored events, relaxed work environment where you can enjoy a drink with coworkers while you relax at your desk in the afternoon. Flexible work life balance is really appreciated.
Top notch thinkers deliver via top notch processes
I loved it at amazon. its a fast pace, hard working, fun environment. everyone is full of energy and very friendly.
- Working with smart, motivated people who are willing to help you - Wide variety of teams and projects that you can work on - Massive problem scale that you may not get elsewhere
Great Benefits good pay good hours and a fun place to work.
Innovative. Fast-paced. Scrappy when we need to be, process-focused when we need to be. I've had excellent managers here.
I love being surrounded by brilliant people and pure, raw passion. It's one of the best parts about Amazon. The other great part about Amazon is the culture: anyone can be a leader. There are lots of opportunities, once you're in, to be a go-getter and stretch yourself and work on projects that interest you. (The hard part about that is that those opportunities are sometimes hard to get with all the competition to work for Amazon, and once in Amazon, to do something amazing.) Other positives: The benefits are no joke, and I haven't run out of vacation or personal days or sick time yet. (Granted, I don't often use them.) My managers have been exceptionally understanding people with the brains to earn my trust. And let's not forget: you can bring your dog to work (if you're at corporate). Kind of hard to beat. Three of my 4 managers were very flexible and allowed me to work a flexible schedule with the expectation that as long as I got my work done, everybody was happy. Their trust in me caused me to put everything and more into my work to deliver my very best.
Opportunity is knocking (Action Bronson voice) Great pay Ample room to grow (as long you bring your A game) Surrounded by people who super smart and a very diverse range of backgrounds and experience
1. Great pay - I've only seen 2 companies (Google & FB) in Seattle offer more than my current total compensation, and while some in the Bay Area do, it's not more after adjusting for cost of living. 2. Part of an exciting company 3. Fast-paced 4. Hands-on experience with massively scaled software. 5. Very laid back about working from home (although this varies from team to team) 6. Objective, merit-based analysis for promotions. Not much office politics or nepotism in my org (caveat: I've heard very different things from other orgs) 7. Good hardware. This was not the case at all before 2015 or 2016. Now almost every dev. has a top-of-the-line MacBook Pro, at least 1 EC2 instance, and an ultrawide monitor (or 2 regular monitors).
It has good culture. Opportunities to learn from superiors.
Money. Although they are painfully strict the paycheck can be quite substantial if you work overtime and maintain clock in and clock out protocol.
-flexible scheduling -work from home -paid training -work as much or little as you'd like -good side job for extra income or if you are a stay at home parent like me and want to earn some money for yourself.
Good Pay Endless career opportunities within the organization Management involved in day to day operation Will listen to employees comments and feedback in order to make positive change. Never Boring Work responsibilities State of the art break rooms with food and drink selections
-After 60 days, there are opportunities to move around internally. -Quality and very cheap health, dental, and vision insurance provided.
Compensation if you stay for 4 years. Amazon name on your resume. Stock price has been going up well the last few years.
Big company with big vision
Great managers,most co-workers are easy to get along with,good work environment
Fast pace and always changing. Real opportunities to be promoted or to learn other jobs with in the company.
You review health insurance the date of hire.
The bosses/supervisors at Amazon were unfailingly polite, very nice & civil. I was never yelled at, not once.
Overnight shifts pay more, simple process
Popular company to work for
People are generally nice, break room, lunch selections
Medical, Dental, 401K Immediately and nice co-workers.
Had an Awesome SMF1 Area Manager in our department. They constantly offered their help when things got tense and backed up. They give great pointers and feedback to help you succeed.
Dynamic and fast paced, intense and challenging environment
Really good environment to learn, fast-going everything happens in seconds.
Absolutely no pros at all!
there are none at all
easy work and great benefits from day 1
there is none may be the pay
I like working around people and getting the experience
I do many jobs within my department: Pick item to be returned to Vendor,Pack item to be returned to Vendor and administer Datamation and a M-F 7:30 am to 4 pm schedule.
Work from home. Great benefits. Decent pay
Brand awareness with customer and strong internal partners to leverage.
You really do have the chance to work on really cool projects. People aren't as smart as they like to think they are, but they are pretty smart. Work can be really rewarding, and with a good team you can find a great example of 'no-BS' culture that's surprisingly refreshing in such a big company.
+ I received an amazing offer, but the environment made it not worth the heartache to continue. + SOME teams are doing some exciting things if you can stomach the culture. + Offices all over the world, so may want to travel. + Self directed promotion process. + Access to AWS for coding, engineering and research.
Top tier workplace, high intensity, e-commerce learning, professionalism, career development.
Friendly atmosphere. They are devoted to providing excellent customer service.
Talented and smart colleagues. Will grow fast.
There are really no pros.
The benefits are vast for such a position The compensation isn't bad They provide time and a half for some holidays You get a chance to meet a lot of great people
Potlucks. Variety of shifts offered.
Great opportunity for growth if one would like to grow within the company. It open door company with second change for everyone.
Innovative, fast paced, think big, data driven
They care about their employees.
Fast pace, benefits, work n life balance, if you want to grow with in Amazon you have to prove yourself.
Good pay and friendly coworkers.
The pay, and the benefits are amazing. I feel bad for the competition.   The hours I appreciate as a student.  I work Four 10hr shifts. The food in the break room is cheap and good....  Notice very helpful improvements around the building.  Quarterly UPT, 3hrs of PTO per check.  There's a two boards on a large wall you can write your immediate questions or concerns on  Able to travel  Tuition could be paid for.  Amazon and Sprint discounts.  Healthcare IS AUH-MAZING
Good Exposure into operations Experience, get to work with a variety of people Benefits, stock options, time off (if approved) Hires college graduates
Nice team members. Dealing with different drivers everyday. Benefits
- Fast paced learning and growth - Exposure and visibility to many teams, roles and businesses - Ownership and as much responsibility as you can handle (sometimes more) - Smart employees and great people to learn from
The scale, complexity and impact of the projects I'm involved in is incredible. I've never before worked with so many smart people who are so dedicated to doing great work. I've learned more in the last 2.5 years at Amazon than I did in my previous 5 years of work.
Stocks, growth opportunities, reputation, overall compensation
Fast pace of change, intelligent coworkers and good perks
Work with amazing/talented people, work life balance, involvement on interesting projects, promote movement and growth within the org, the sky's the limit on what you can accomplish at Amazon.
Leaders that care, start up environment, and never have any fear
Amazon is a very friendly place with a multitude of people from all walks of life. They breed their own from within. It is easy to move up and also shift locations within the Company.
Really good culture to shape you into being a business professional
Making a difference in the lives of our customers and associates Being a part of the most innovative companies in the world Countless opportunities for advancement
Opportunities to grow can be found within every project.
great learning opportunity diverse business/ products great ramp up
Truly customer-obsessed. Ideas are not just pushed aside, but instead if you have a great idea, they will let you run with it and experiment and try out new things. Lots of opportunity within the organization to grow and promote from within. Exhilarating fast-paced work with a huge impact across many verticals to our customers.
I came to AWS from another large software company based in the Seattle area. I'm in field sales and have a great team. Customers love us and the work is very fulfilling. Company values are solid, at least from what I see on my specific team and the teams we work with.
It was a very simple job to learn
Benfits from day one, decent pay, overtime, hires quickly.
Great money and benefits are good
Good pay with flexible hours.
Challenging enviornment, smart engineers, good pay, Seattle is awesome
Great coworkers. Some people are truly awesome. I had a lot of fun some days. LOTS of opportunities for overtime. You always know what management's expectations are. Great insurance, and other benefits.
Positive team moral , timely pay, and opportunities for advancement, overtime
The flexibility to work in different areas You can take time off
The pay, and the benefits are amazing. I feel bad for the competition.   The hours I appreciate as a student.  I work Four 10hr shifts. The food in the break room is cheap and good....  Notice very helpful improvements around the building.  Quarterly UPT, 3hrs of PTO per check.  There's a two boards on a large wall you can write your immediate questions or concerns on  Able to travel  Tuition could be paid for.  Amazon and Sprint discounts.  Healthcare IS AUH-MAZING
Sign in bonus, great associates and co-managers, fun and fast pace once you hit at least 4 months of being thrown into ops., a lot of the AM role is OJT. HR wad awesome and most supportive staffing in the building.
Learned a lot more there than I have anywhere else.
Insurance plans are fantastic, and easily affordable. You get paid personal time off, and you can save up to 160 hours of paid vacation time. Also get a raise every six months.
a great opportunity with great benefits
Fun healthy parties caring great
Amazing work culture and learning environment
Sourcing, Analytics, Cold Calling and business interaction
Management listens to ideas, fast to react to changing environments
Great pay and health insurance
Opportunity to work..  ease of getting a job.. Lots and lots of hours I'd you can deal with the environment. Everything is easy to grasp and do. Break room is great you have food there you can buy or set up a pre paid account but a 100yard walk from the back of the building .. Bonus for clocking in and out on time every month 4 ten hour shifts 3 days off .. and a set overtime day
You get time and a half for working on holidays and everyone gets 8 hours of pay on holidays whether they work or not
Friendly co-workers, dress code, above normal pay for part-time job.
I have been on three different teams at Amazon over the course of 3 years, and let me tell you, each team is vastly different from the other. The team culture, opportunities, and involvement are so unique to each team, but let me tell you what I can draw from all three teams: Amazon is an electrifying and terrifying place, all rolled in one. If you are driven by solving problems no one on the planet has faced before, this place is for you. Within my first two weeks at Amazon, my manager gave me a project that affects 5.5 million customers and told me she wanted me to decide what was the right plan of action. The ability to drive change and make decisions (as long as you have data to back yourself up) is incredible at Amazon. No one will walk you through the process and hold your hand. You get thrown in there and are expected to swim. Some find this exhilarating. Some find this overwhelming. You choose.
Ok pay, great managers who treat you with respect and really help you out. You are also allowed to hang up if the customer continues to shout profanity and disrespect you, but I think I only did that once. If you put yourself in the customer's shoes and are attentive to their needs, your calls go a lot smoother than you expect, especially considering Amazon's policies are pretty favorable for the customers.
Great place to work. Fun atmosphere. You can choose to do whatever you want, you're not subjected to the same position over and over.
Team culture and collaborative environment are awesome. Also, cute dogs and puppies roaming around everywhere are also a nice perk
Innovative company Able to give feedback Flexible schedule Amazon discounts
Smart and enthusiastic employees Excellent concern and focus on hourly assiciates
good pay and benefits for employees
- Ability to make changes to processes - Development Plans - Work with very smart people - Total compensation (base pay + building bonus + stock) is pretty good - Work/Life balance for hourly employees
Fast paced, does a lot of things well. Really walks the customer comes first talk.
Great pay, mostly smart people.
Fast-paced, stay on your feet and keep moving around.
Flexible shift, very team oriented, time goes by fast
1. This company values you as an employee. Yes, you might have to work hard, but it's worth it.  2. You can literally get paid to lose weight.  3. You can move up quickly if you show initiative, and work hard.  4. The benefits are primo.  5. The people you work with will become friends quickly enough if you are a decent human being.  6. The work environment is friendly, encouraging and personal and group safety-centered.  7. You work 10 hours days, but you get 3 days off.
Amazon allows a lot of ownership on the business
Good vacation time and benefits
The flexible schedule is a plus but they pay you less and want you to work hard and not get any benefit from it
Decent pay and okay job if you're fresh out of college or in-between jobs. Also, good health benefits offered.
Can get lots of overtime
benefits are excellent, that is one reason many people work
It's fairly easy and simple work for the pay. Sometimes it can be fast paced but you'll be find once you get into the groove of things.
Great entry level job with benefits the very first day.
Relaxed environment, lots of activities
Easy part time job Flexible Amazon discounts
Great pay. Great benefits! Awesome people
personal time, vacation time, health care, stock
Make good money and meet new people that come and go. And you use company vehicles if you’re not a flex driver
friendly people, casual clothing decent wage. Treat you to food, and received a t-shirt and water bottle
The company name. Attracts great talent and people are intent to learn and make the best of their time and the brand. People are nice and hardworking.
They offer decent benefits and choices
Dont have to go far to find a warehouse, very helpful and very nice coworkers. A good workout
Super great company, great benefits
Decent pay, Great training, PTO, Easy work
-If your a loner. This is the perfect job. Make your rate and no one will bother you.
Great management, fast paced environment,
Great people and leadership, good workflow
work from home Provide equipment Nice people to work with Overtime
Room for growth if you work above and beyond your duties.
Good benefits package that's offered
They gave me steady hours that only changed when I wanted them too.They also worked with my class schedule to find the shifts that best worked for me. The managers were pretty engaged and would get on the floor and help if you asked. They pay was pretty good for the work, and their scan rate expectations were reasonable, at about 140 packages an hour. I never found myself below that threshold.
Amazon has good benefits. Maternity and Paternity leave is the best around. 6weeks for fathers and over 12 weeks full compensation for mothers. Strong culture. As far as the job, mainly deals with yard work including yard jockey, checking in and checking out incoming and outgoing loads. Daily inventory of trailers in trailer yards and partnering with operations for any issues.
It's alot of fun. Easy work
Plenty of hours to work over time.
Really driven and passionate coworkers/work environment Very fast paced Exciting
Great data-driven culture Great ownership amongst leadership and engineers Very flat hierarchy
1. The pay is Great 2. The cool coworkers 3. Nice management 4. Good hours 5. Part timers get benefits
The place had a great culture and is growing so there is a lot of opportunity for young people to move up the ladder.
High entry pay, good managers.
Nice clean environment and fun people to work with
Large company, lots of benefits, you can definitely find good coworkers
great health benefits. very friendly environment
Great New Company to work for. Overall positive and self motivating
Good pay. Good benefits. Fun staff.
A ton of growth opportunity. Really great managers and leaders throughout the company.
Dynamic, fast-paced company with plenty of opportunities to grow
Very professional operation. From the first day you are treated as a team member and there are plenty of opportunity
The culture at amazon was amazing. Everyone really seemed to enjoy working there which made an awesome experience.
Great benefits for you and your family. Some educational benefits started as well.
If you work at a sort center you get very flexible hours. It is great if you have other matters in your life to attend to like school, family, community etc...
Good Pay , great management , alot of overtime
You get paid on time.
There is always a new challenge. You can take on extra projects, and have the opportunity to work with different teams. It gives you an opportunity to explore positions that you may want to grow in to with time.
Great benefits including health insurance and tuition reimbursement.
Flexible work hours Only needs 10 hours a month to keep active status
Great pay and great benefits
Nice benefits package (if you actually decide to stay)
Benefits, 401k, life insurance, stock, flexible schedule that’s it good for younger people who enjoys being talked to and treated like they are idiots and enjoys management who’s not adult to own up to there wrongs and points fingers instead!
- Lots of diversity with all different kinds of people - Good pay
Ease and efficiency of employment application process.
I am surrounded by phenomenal talent. I love the intense customer focus. Lot's of companies claim it. Amazon lives it. Decision making tends to be driven by a long-term focus, never hitting short term targets.
Joined as part of the MBA FLDP program. Great cohort - excellent networking opportunities within the company, lots of trainings offered, employee development encouraged. Work is great - working in Finance at Amazon is definitely one of the best corporate finance jobs out there
Team environment and you are always busy
- Challenging and fun environment - Many smart engineers to work with and learn from - Easy to move around and work on new products and learn new skills - Great Work/life balance (for my org at least)
- COMPENSATION IS OK (not great) - Even with the high stock price there are plenty of other tech companies that offer higher compensation. This is partially because of the stock vesting schedule (5/15/40/40). - RESUME BOOSTER - I am applying to other companies and my callback rate is > 75% - AWS AS YOUR PLAYGROUND - This can be a good learning experience. It definitely is awesome not being limited by cost and having internal tools that help you setup an AWS account for your new service relatively quickly. - DECENT LOCATION NEAR DOWNTOWN SEATTLE - I am as critical as Seattle as any transplant but 2 years later, it is home and I can appreciate being close to the shopping, food, and entertainment nearby. - OPPORTUNITIES TO TRY OUT DIFFERENT DOMESTIC/INTERNATIONAL OFFICES
Lots of manitory overtime.
pay is decent, benefits are decent
flexible hours, friendly coworkers , okay hours
They pay better than other jobs and have good benefits
Good benefits, plenty of overtime during seasonal time.
They will literally hire anyone that can pass a background check and drug test. No interview, often immediate hire. Good pay Good benefits Flexible work schedule Mostly nice managers 3 days off a week unless peak season Limited time off whenever you want Two 15min breaks, one clock out 30 min lunch break.
Part-time was available for work from home
Fairly secure employment, solid healthcare benefits for full time workers.
Great atmosphere, friendly people, great work perks.
So far so good, I’m still in training, but maybe that will interest some. I am on my 4th day at Amazon, & will work in their customer service Dept. for a guaranteed 3 months & possibly 3 more depending on how busy they are & whatnot. They talk a lot about doing a great job by not missing work, empathizing with & develop a great repore with the customer by being “customer obsessed” I am in a class of 25 & we have 2 trainers. I think they are both fabulous! They are always available, they don’t rush through everything, check with all 25 of us individually on about a daily basis, they answer most questions via a chat room & if they know the answer they offer a quick response, even when you PM them, it’s still super quick, I believe they both want the best for all of us, and they will do whatever it takes to help us all do well enough to become Full Time employees if we want it bad enough, I believe it will be possible. Also!! Starting this month all WAH Customer Service employees are provided with a HP Chromebook Laptop, & a headset. Basically, all I needed was a home office w/no distractions, an Ethernet Cord and a decently fast wired internet connection. I also HIGHLY recommend though they are not required, the following: Keyboard, Mouse, USB Hub (doesn’t have to be expensive), at least 1 extra computer monitor (I got mine at Goodwill for $10 & it came with the cord too & it is the smartest thing I bought!). Everything I just said must be wired, Amazon requires it, no WiFi & no Bluetooth. The Laptop they provide is very small & it will be extremely difficult to see the writing on the monitor & toggle between several websites. Right now I am using my Goodwill Monitor as my Primary and my Laptop’s Monitor as my 2nd & it works well for me. However, because it’s so cheap, I’m going to buy a 2nd Larger Monitor & put my little Laptop under a monitor Stand & that will open up a lot of desk space. I got to pick my schedule, I was able to pick between 4-10 hr or 5-8 hr shifts. There were a plethora of choices & I believe they will work for pretty mostly any schedule.
It has benefits and is a amazing place to work at
Some of the greatest management I have ever worked for. Fast paced and driven work environment. Huge amount of employee resources. Great benefits and ample opportunity for promotion
Weekly pay Some type of sick time used for whatever you'd like to use it for (15 mins every 5-hour shift) Super flexible after they decided to make you flex
Good pay and plenty of shifts to choose from.
Vacation time in conjunction with 4 day work week is great. I work 4 day 10 hour shift schedule which allows me to take 4 vacation days and get 10 days off.
3 day weekends. stock options . Paid time off and 4 hours of vacation a year. Paid school after a year and good growth potential . Easy to get their 3 position
* Fun to work. Millions of different projects * Nice people
Great benefits. Opportunities to advance.
Wide range of locations to work at, very active job culture, great benefits package.
The benefits are pretty good, from day 1 stocks after 2 years Starting pay went up a dollar at my warehouse. Schedule Tuition assistance Career classes and betterment The People Casual dress
When you can actually help someone it is great. However this is not the case most if the time. You must lie and make excuses for things that you have no control over.
Will Make Good Money, Good Benefits
Working from the comfort of your home, employee discount.
lunch is great and free
The work environment is very productive.
Great pay, good working culture
1) Great compensation package 2) Growth opportunities galore 3) Positive Impact in all communities that we do business in 4) It’s Amazon!! Nothing else to say!!
Fast pace, always something new to learn and contribute. Open Environment, flexibility of move around.
The leadership principles are not just words that we talk about in training and onboarding, we use them every day in meetings, decisions, and our work. It's refreshing to be someplace where they actually mean what truly live by those principles.
Culture and environment, entrepreneurial, ownership
40 hours every week. Nice paycheck.
The pay is comparably high in most countries. The market is (almost) not regulated at all. Logistics is trivial: You can ship your product(s) over the Internet
nice salary,nice location, nice people,
Free Beer and free food
Great benefits 4 days on 3 days off chose your shift
learning, career development, interesting work
I love the culture here. The Amazon philosophy is "it's always day 1," which in itself breeds innovation due to the inherent startup mindset. If you are looking for a fast-paced, ambiguous, and consistently fun environment to route the trajectory of your career, Amazon is the place for you. In the technology era, Amazon stands alone on the peak.
Amazon is point blank in my opinion a great place to work and a great place to grow. This is my second company out of college and I'm onto second role at the company. The path to growth is not necessarily upward here, but expanding sideways and doing flips. To understand the culture is to forget everything you've ever believed about entitlement in the workplace and having formalized structure, because it's not your average startup in that sense. Those who succeed are the ones who know how to handle that entrepreneurs jump first and build their parachutes or airplanes on the way down.. every day. Systems and resources aren't perfect but it gives you the opportunity to innovate if you are creative and willing. Frugality doesn't mean cheap, it means working smart.  I've been lucky to have 3 really awesome managers at my time here. I can't say that's the same for everyone, some people are not meant to be people managers and leadership should recognize that as well as the individual. I work in HR and the department is not what you would think in the traditional sense (payroll, hiring, admin work, etc.) it's truly to partner in seeing that the business will grow.
* Traveling 80%, (saving money expensing food, transportation while traveling) * Fast-growing team, many career opportunities
at least, after being hired to fill a part time position only to find out 4 months later yoir position is filled, it is an easy decision never to apply to amazon again
Collaborative, fast-paced, cutting edge technology/products, great benefits (particularly for mothers), plenty of opportunity to set your scope and thrive
Great Growth as a new grad.
Dynamic work environment, ability to deal with numerous different projects, job rewards creativity, high levels of autonomy, overall excellent job benefits.
Good pay, good training, good travels.
You get to see lots of boxes . The ware house is so big and has so many boxes.
Work is easy and primarily involves helping out on set for various tasks when needed.
Compensation is awesome, and only gets better with time.  Work with very smart people.  Working in a place that is absurd in scale, forces you to learn new things and stretch yourself.  I'm told it looks great on your resume.  If you can make this into a career you will make serious compensation.
good vision in industry, lots of new thing
Compensation, project opportunities, Innovative company.. can provide a fast track to other opportunities, relaxed yet intense culture, typically working with very smart people at all levels
short hours but good pay
Great pay and flexible schedule
Great support system. Everyone helps you, and takes care of your questions. Easier than other customer service jobs because customers love Amazon.
The ambiguity at Amazon is worth it
a lot of good people, work is career oriented and not tedious
Relatively easy job, good pay ( $13/hr.), good benefits
Scanning mail is great I scan 179 mail package in one day it varies, on different days of the week. I enjoy doing the mail, and I received bonus points for one day being a splitter sorting mail.
* the culture of software engineer ownership of Amazon's offerings - I have repeatedly pitched ideas which Amazon funded two-pizza teams for to pursue * general engineering culture - it is *expected* that you have your own ideas and push back politely and with data in hand if you are asked to do something that you think is not the optimal thing to do right now - yes, even as a software engineer intern (this leaves some interns slack-jawed, from other employers I guess they sometimes expect that someone will tell them exactly what to do how) * Amazon (most certainly Amazon Web Service) expects and rewards engineering and operational excellence (stuff I happen to love and specialize in) - and has such scale that it is a top (the top?) place to work to drive engineering excellence at a giant scale * Amazon has world-class executive management - in the Amazon Web Service space I know and can vouch for pretty much every Vice President or higher - execs here are deeply technical while also focusing on employee happiness and career path, and typically have big actionable vision for the future, too. Yes, really.
Working here is challenging, progressive, and cutting edge. You work on new projects, deploy new technologies, develop new code, and support great innovative products. The people and teams you interact with are smart, focused, and as professional as in any company I have worked for - with a lot less politics, and a lot more productivity. They like facts, encourage healthy discussion, and build trust in you as a direct contributor to the company's success.
Lots of responsibly. Room to grow.
Great benefits, decent pay, and not a lot of surprises in daily duties.
Everyone seems to be wanting to help, no one has had anything negative to say about the company yet.
You know what the expectations are.
Health Benifits on Day 1. Monthly performance bonuses.
They pay you a decent amount of money
Stocks, VCP, Great benefits, Same schedule- it doesn’t change every week. Night shift differential. Good exercise. 3 days off on most schedules.
A good benefit package offered on the first day of employment.
Great compensation, lots of opportunity to move around within the company, including working abroad.
Rate keeps you motivated, it is a stand still job meaning you will stand in one spot and scan items into the amazon prime database.
Many interesting people and ideas
Rate keeps you motivated, it is a stand still job meaning you will stand in one spot and scan items into the amazon prime database.
Many interesting people and ideas
Love the work that I do
You will learn more within a 6 month period here at Amazon than you will in 2 years elsewhere. Amazon is growing faster any other company and we love the innovation that our associates create
-Culture encourages growth -No micromanaging -Competitive salaries -Flexible scheduling -Plethora of information -Encourages questions/if you don't know you can admit it -Plenty of internal resources -Ease of internal transfer if you find a job you want to apply to
The job pays but the work is tedious
Always Fun and Informative and I Left eBay for Amazon. Definitely My New Go To Place.
Good pay, good benefits, very friendly co-workers and staff.
There are only two good things about this horrible company. First the benefits are great. Second, opportunity to make above minimum wage is a plus.
Advanced techniques, interesting tasks, friendly teammates, I like working here.
Smart people, good design practices, great offices.
Managers were amazing! Felt like they really cared about your future at the company. Fun company culture.
no facetime culture, function mobility
No micromanagement Define your own terms
Weekly pay, flexible hours, location
A very exciting and empowering place to work. Innovation is king, especially at Amazon Web Services.
Shift bonuses laid back supervisors
The job is really super easy. The people are nice. All of my managers are really cool. And the people working there look out for you.
you get paid good to be bored. people are friendly
Benefits from day 1, but good luck getting day 1
Great pay bump compared to EMS (you will also likely receive a hiring bonus and a RSU award), full benefits which begin on day one, lots of opportunities for professional development provided you're willing to take on safety responsibilities outside of administering first aid (not mandatory but if you want to climb that's the next rung), 4 on/3 off schedule of 10 hour days divided into front half (Sun-Wed) or back half (Wed-Sat), fun coworkers, lots of autonomy.  If you're burnt out on working EMS, have gotten over wanting grizzly trauma cases, and don't mind working in an office setting this is a great job for you. If not you will likely be bored. You will be required to have your state EMS license or your National Registry certification (a recent update) but understand that you will not actually be working as an EMT, and Amcare (the name of Amazon's in-house first aid program) is not a licensed LSA. You will be treating people at the first aid level as defined by OSHA (which is very limiting compared to the road but more than adequate for the typical cases you'll be treating onsite). You will also have a lot of autonomy and there will likely be times when it's just you on your own running the show. When you're not needed in the office you'll be expected to walk around on the operations floor and interact with other employees to help drive the safety culture of the building. If you're self-motivated, a quick learner, and can complete tasks without someone standing over your shoulder constantly you'll be just fine. If you're the type that tends to procrastinate until the last minute you'll find yourself in over your head very quickly.
The people I worked with were nice, professional, and talented. Nothing terribly bad happened. No drama.
- Work in small self-contained teams responsible for its own delivery. - Determine your own processes, practices, design/architecture, etc. aka Complete ownership in amazon speak.
Clean, smooth and simple work flow
Working in an ever changing environment. The ability to take charge of my own career path and decide where I want to go.
-You will be working with some of the brightest people in your respective industry -Very clear corporate culture built around leadership principles -Lots of potential for advancement/growth for top performers -Encouraged to be bold and take risks -Very team oriented -Comp and benefits are strong compared to 90% of other companies, but not compared to other large tech firms.
Great benefits Good pay 3 days off
Great place to work. The culture is awesome, full of enthusiasm. Managers tend to be very relaxed and approachable
Great company with lots of upward growth potential
There is something new to experience everyday.
Work from home. Lots of voluntary time off, usually, depending on what department you're in.
Great company to work for with tons of opportunity, great insurance
You can meet new people
fun and fast environment for everyone
A place to meet new people and gain new experiences.
Decent work environment and plenty of hours around the holidays.
Its relatively easy work, fair pay.
Benefits would be the biggest .
the discount is ok, but that's the only real pro
The company has a great vision that differentiates itself from other big names. It's leadership principles are best suited to fit in a fast moving software development. The career opportunity is a sure thing for a big company, but Amazon offers most of the choices. Highly innovative and always encouraging ideas. You will not feel bored with your work, instead, everyday is day 1.
pay and hours are great lots of free stuff
They really care about their employees
Very smart people, everyone is nice, and the pay is great.
Lots of opportunities to learn, grow and advance.
The pay is good. Most the management are awesome. Love my co-workers. They play music while working. Always have fun.
Nice and helpful work environment
Strong culture, good flexibility, fantastic campus
Amazon offers you the ability to hop of department to department as long as you work hard in your current role.
It's very exciting and fun if you like a fast paced work environment like me.
The health benefits are the only reason I work here.
Benefits Pay A chance to take charge of initiatives from beginning to end
No micromanagement, as long as you do your job properly you will be trusted. If the volume for that day is low enough, you are given the opportunity to leave early or not come in at all (as long as you sign into the website indicating so) with no penalty. Once you reach blue badge status (you must apply for it) you will get unpaid leave time which you can use as you please without calling in.  There are many opportunities for advancement, even within the fulfillment center itself.
- Management is great and care about your work-life balance. - Coworkers are happy to help you learn the ropes. - Pay is competitive - Benefits are better than I expected. - Dog friendly environment. - Exciting new work.
it will give everyone a project
Depending on what team you are, you can have a lot of room to define your role and your reporting structure.
Flexible hours within the company
Great pay and benefits. Good hours.
Innovation, accountability, fast paced, customer focus
Great fast paced workplace with good start off pay and overtime opportunities
You will have lot of chances to interact with stakeholders inside or outside of the department. Keep yourself challenging and motivating everyday. You have opportunity to work with senior leadership often.
A friendly environment, safety 1st,good pay
Lots of firms talk about the importance of the customer, Amazon actually takes this seriously and the whole team is very focused on doing the right thing for our customers. Lots of very motivated smart people. A real sense that you can do whatever you are passionate about as long as it drives customer success. Great training.
Great atmosphere to work in, plenty of benefits.
Some of the people are bright and driven The company is growing fast and there is room for career advancement
Compensation, Stock Units, Benefits, PTO, Vacation, GM is a seasoned & knowledgeable manager, Senior OPS and OPS managers are knowledgeable and helpful, other AM's are a good mix of talents, REAL 5S, culture, opportunity to move up, extremely military friendly, Daily Gemba walks to hear employees concerns, 4 day work week.
Nice office and nice people
Great pay, good location (downtown seattle), fairly straight-forward work on stable teams.
Easy work but long hours
Pay, flexible work, opportunity for overtime
Great opportunity to demonstrate iniative
$12.00 hour $1.00 extra for night shift, four days work 10 hour shift, three days off, pay period every two weeks on a Friday, great coworkers, benefits.
It's true that working at Amazon will make you grow fast and learn a lot of stuff
Fast pace, nice environment
Learning opportunities, work/life balance, excellent environment, career opportunities, peer collaboration, teamwork, cool projects.
- Not as established globally so a lot of expansion, especially now - Constantly innovating (You'll never be bored!) - You can do what you want (nobody will tell you no)
Amazon is one of the most innovative and challenging places I've worked. People are pushed to come up with new ideas. When great ideas are presented, the company actually invests in making them a reality. It's so motivating to be in a place that says yes to innovation!
Laser focus on customers and speed and willingness to do and make things happen...No unproductive meetings where decision has already been made outside the meeting room. Have the day 1 mentality - look for opportunities to grow the business, think beyond the current business models, keep asking questions and have fun.
You get a lot of responsibility and are empowered to push code to production
Drinking from a firehose level of learning Myriad of growth opportunities Great work team
It is such an amazing place to work ! I have been made to feel like an important part of the team since day 1 !!!!
I came to Amazon to work with the brightest minds in the world, so far, my expectations have been exceeded. Not only does Amazon provide the autonomy for leaders to make significant impacts to the business, Amazon encourages experimentation and innovation. It is a fast-paced, high expectation environment, but everyone that I have worked with so far has had the spirit required to take on the challenge and have fun in the process. It is extremely exciting to be part of Amazon - a true opportunity to work hard, have fun, make history. I highly recommend Amazon for operations leaders.
The smartest people I ever worked with. I'm leaning every day I arrive to the office.  Technological challenges are amazing!
Everything is fine jusy little nore work
Decent pay for seasonal and they offer a chance to go to permanent part-time after 90 days. Everyone at the warehouse I worked is part-time.
laid back work areas, good benefits and great location, great growth opportunities in the company
Based on my two years as a manager at the company:  First, you get to work on problems that impact a huge number of customers, so scale and reliability are important things that are embedded in everything you do.  Second, you need to make sure the customers do not get impacted and retain their trust while trying to deliver faster with fewer resources.  Third, the customer goes first on top of everything else.  Four, I personally love how embedded leadership principles are in the culture of the company, they are used across to drive consensus that otherwise would require incurring in bunch of politics.  Five, things move surprisingly fast for such a big company.  In Summary you will have challenging work, very smart people to work with in the technical areas and you get to solve complex problems that can impact multiple customers across the world.
Great co-workers and working space. There is also huge potential to work on new innovative products and services.
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment.
Good benefits and close proximity
Majority of my colleagues graduated from Top business schools and have strong profile. Very confident and bias for action team culture.
Organization with the since of urgency would be exciting to be a part of this industry giant. I would enjoy helping improve the value of this company.
They work around to create a Flexible schedule for. Great Benefits, start 90 days after.
Decent pay Overtime Friendly people Benefits Good management
Always busy. Production is always in higher numbers. Great job opportunities. Fast paced environment. Always Something to do.
Lot of various race and lots of pretty women
overally good and handsomely paid with vocation
Work from Home, Flexible Schedule, lots of help and resources available, Provides laptop.
Good pay, a lot of good benefits
FT hours, set schedule, good benefits
benefits nothing else at all
They have some of the greatest benefits and a schedule that can be befitting to anyone.
+many learning opportunities + fast paced
Seattle is a nice place to live in.
No shortage of challenging technical and business problems Wicked smart people to work with Big, growing company, so stability of the business is unquestioned
Relaxed Environment Great Peers. Can gain experience in Advanced Technologies
The pay is good & discounts for online purchases.
Intelligent coworkers, dogs, plenty of opportunity everywhere
Great technology to work for.
None that I can think of.
Competitive pay & benefits, Peak bonuses, Management is very helpful and understanding, Great work environment overall
Great technology to work for.
Competitive pay & benefits, Peak bonuses, Management is very helpful and understanding, Great work environment overall
Busy atmosphere and the 10 hour shifts passed fairly quickly.
It is easy to get hired.
Management is horrible, most have no idea how to do their job. You make 10 a hour, not enough to feed 1 person let alone a family. The only pro is you work from home
Interview process is a joke. Anyone can get hired.
Good working environment in the team
1) Culture is better than I expected. Teams' cultures are highly variant. After the New York Times Expose, I had my share of apprehension of even considering Amazon. But after actually meeting the team, people seemed happier than I expected. My team is certainly much more support of an environment to work in than I expected from reading that article. 2) Massive and impactful - altho my part is only a very small slice of Amazon, it can still make a huge impact because it affects many people. 3) General company direction is growing and positive.
Amazon has great benefits and extremely flexible working hours
Great people, no quotas, good management
Was invited to the Hilton to receive a contingent offer, they give you options foe different schedules , make you do a drug test and fill out a form. They explain how and show a video of the work you will be doing and speak about some company benefits.
Challenge, lots of things to learn
Co-workers tend to band together. Process Assistants are basic the "Goto" workers in the company. Seasonal Overtime Pay helps a lot of people.
Excellent customer service, extraordinary talent and teams to be close by. Good pay and decent benefits. Have to be self motivated.
Okay place to work at.
Friendly, customer oriented, helpful cooperative managers.
Dynamic environment Lots of challenges and professional options Career growth
Only a 4 hour shift Damn near anyone who applies can get a job here
Good benefits, restricted stock units for FT employees.
They offer a great amount of benefits
easy job good pay close to home
Easy application and hiring process
No best reason. Maybe frim prison you can.
They always had great benefits.
Fast hiring, start out is $15 hourly but room to advance and quickly. To make more money. Top out in Teir 3 is $19 hourly.
fast days,fun days love the power hours
Ability to make your own schedule
Really smart people Exciting, and new problems to solve
Fun work and fun people. Gettin to be part of such a fast growing company. Getting to make decisions by myself without senior leadership.
Great health benefits and a friendly work environment
It is a good payout for a job where no interview process is required. Very good benefits, especially for those who stay for about 2 years.
Thinking Big, and Customer Centricity
Decent managers, decent coworkers, good pay if you can get the right hours you need. They usually have some kind of fun activity once a month for the employees.
- The hours are what you expect. - Pay is decent and there is overtime. - Process is defined to the point that all questions are answered.
Base pay at $13.74 an hour.
Fast paced, a lot of growth and job opportunities within company.
Stable & predictable work schedule, relaxed control on usage of time off, upbeat working environment, and healthy (fun) competition within your team.
Flexible work schedule, family friendly
Great for learning how to run things at gigantic scale. Also forces you to develop people skills.
Good pay, good benefits, great working environment
I was able to work from my home.
As a software engineer in Amazon, you will get to work on top-notch projects. The difference between Amazon and companies like Google, Facebook is that in Amazon hires "average" engineers to do "elite" work. So, there are a lot of opportunities for "average" engineers like me. If you get bored in one team, you can easily move to another team. There are so many teams to choose from. If you have an idea and want to work on it, you can easily prototype it and pitch to senior management.
Flexibility, Supportive, Accommodating, Dynamic, Benefits
Virtual Assistant, flexible hours, good people and great place to work
Opportunity for growth. Cutting edge technilogy.
Improve personal ability to become a great site merchandiser.
very flexible working environment, no micro managing
Good benefits from day one, and alot of leeway on time to take off
Incredible pay for the work and responsibility. I work from home, they sent me two monitors, a laptop, a dock, a keyboard and a mouse. My level of position recently moved from hourly to salary, depending on the boss that means my hours can flex a good amount. Health benefits are off the chain. Stock values are incredible. I bought my very first house with my Amazon salary, I've only been here a year, I sit in my pajamas in my own house every day. Unreal.
Amazon is serious about it's business and it reflects in it's employees work culture. Teams are mostly independent of each other and innovation gets preference over re-usability. In development if there's need a for particular tool, employees are encouraged to build it rather than search for it anywhere.  The fact that employees in Amazon treat themselves as owners of the company is probably why Amazon has managed to stay on top despite being so huge, Employees are free to voice their concerns to anyone and managers encourage them to do so.  Growth here is exponential. Amazon in itself is a conglomeration of several companies (Alexa, Amazon Web Services, Amazon Retail, Amazon Fashion etc). Be it business knowledge or technical knowledge the opportunities to grow are massive.  Amazon has significant percentage of all the brightest and creative minds in this world. Never has been a day in my career here at Amazon that I didn't learn something new.  If you want to work at a place where you think you can make this world a better place... This definitely is one among them.
High degree of ownership within your team and project, lots of opportunities for growth and learning, solid pay and benefits. Work/life balance is good but very dependent on your team and manager.
Great environment, amazing people, supervisors are amazing and will do everything to help you succeed, pay was awesome, oppertunities and incentives within the company kept motivation up!!! Seriously just a great place to work
There are many pros about working at Amazon. Some include: - Multiple career opportunities - Freedom to make decisions without too much bureaucracy - Data drives decisions, not impulses - A document-heavy culture ensures that every idea that comes to leadership has been carefully thought through
-Strong customer obsession -Data driven thinking
Benefits starting day 1, company stock, paid time off, vacation, competitive pay. You also get Variable Compensation Pay which is extra money just for having a perfect attendance. The medical insurance is great and they provide medical leave/personal leave. If it wasn't for all the friends I made and the amazing co-workers, I would've left already. I've been in the hospital several times and have still been able to keep this job. The medical insurance is great and covered more than 80% of my hospital bills. The pay increases every year and it's enough for me to pay all of my bills and still have some leftover.
Weekly pay , opportunity for growth, good break, coworkers and management was nice , casual wear just have to wear a hazard jacket for safety
Paid time off benefits first day Eazy Work Stocks No dress code 3 day weekends
- you learn a lot - teach you a lot of things and very willing to help - consider you priority to be full-time
Get to work very closely with high level management, pretty flexible schedule, variety of grown opportunities
Go through the leadership and if you think that matches your working style then you would love working in Amazon.
-Global organization and ability to find international opportunities -Ability to transition to different roles -Lots of resources and training opportunities especially in Seattle HQ -Cool to be a part of such a leading company -Corporate culture based on the Leadership Principles that make sense -Ability to take/create projects and run with them
Challenging environment Speed, pace Surrounded by brilliant and passionate people
Great for work experience Good to work for such a well known place
New things learned every day
Flexible schedule, and sometimes fun to work
The best thing about Amazon is that you'll get to own projects and are expected to deliver. There's no hand holding and less BS than most places, which is probably why Amazon continues to innovate and grow.
Ability to work on innovated projects Flexible work-life balance
Awesome job with great benifits
Great Benefits Good place to start out in IT
Amazon is very open to communication from everyone. It's a progressive company that changes very quickly. It takes care of its customers, or at least that is the goal.
Amazon is very open to communication from everyone. It's a progressive company that changes very quickly. It takes care of its customers, or at least that is the goal.
challenging, fast paced, stock, and you won't need a gym
Amazon Discount was pretty beneficial
Good pace Lots of learning opportunities Very smart people around
Opportunities, pay, benefits, teamwork, always new things to learn
Decent pay, good benefits and a liberal time off policy
Excellent compensation, the brand reputation is real, and the employer has excellent 401k
I have worked for Amazon in operations for nearly 7 years and while it has not always been easy, it has been an overall great experience and I would strongly recommend it to anyone who is willing to put in the effort. Amazon managers work hard and are held to high expectations which simply is not for everyone. For me personally, I have loved being surrounded by highly intelligent people who have a great work ethic and who care passionately about taking care of customers and contributing to the success of the organization so I actually prefer the fact that we demand a lot of managers and in doing so we end up with very high quality managers. One of the best things about the company is how empowered managers are to make a difference and have an enormous impact. Overall it's hard to beat Amazon in terms of a fun company to work for that will push you to grow and provide you with awesome opportunities. Anyone who can get through the tough hiring process is crazy not to take a job with Amazon as long as you're willing to work and not simply looking for an easy paycheck.
I just started working for Amazon within the last month. It has been amazing so far. While I can't impart long term wisdom, I can say that it is not what I thought, it is far better. I am working with amazingly talented and smart people who challenge me. My work is interesting and I feel like it makes a difference. I have perfect work life balance. And I get to have fun doing it all.
- The people - Working in teams - Feeling like your doing something that means something. - Chances to move around and work on what you want to work on.
Great to be part of a growing, innovative company!
I pick it’s a fast paced job it’s something different everyday management is awesome
Great benefits, Company Stock, Matched 401K
Fast and easy deliveries. good environment
different shift available and pay was ok
Your work is customer focused rather then internally focused. I've worked for several large technology companies, and the talent level here is by far the best. I'm challenged every day in a positive manner, and the opportunities to grow your career are awesome.
Great benefits that start on day one
-Great growth potential in many departments if you invest the time and effort. -Great benefits
One of the coolest companies, they take care of their employees, free coffee, no dress code, easy grow inside the company, within other great things
High salary, relaxed work environment
High salary, relaxed work environment
Provide tools as need. HR department helpful. Maintenance micro- managers try to be helpful. When Bezos visits, pizza is free.
The FC I work for in Campbellsville Ky is better than the factory job I worked at for a month in Russel Springs simply because of the work itself not being too physically demanding. We are allowed to talk to fellow workers and have some time to do so, all depending on the manager and PAs on that day. Startups are decently organized and there is a general appearance that the company has at least some concern for it's employees well being. RSU benifits are nice and so is the Career choice program that helps give you an education for jobs that may even be outside of Amazon.
Large company Good benefits Low key dress code
It is pretty fast paced
-Excellent leadership experience. -4 Day work week. -Development Opportunities
Every day at amazon is a challenge! It is difficult to become bored or even become an expert. You are contstantly surrounded by very intelligent people and given the power to solve issues as they arise. Amazon is not a great place for someone who needs constant guidance or coaching, but if you are self motivated and love to accomplish things it’s the perfect place.
- Amazon's Leadership Principles are a known by all employees and put in practice. - Easy to change roles or change job to a different team. You are not limited to a specific scope of work, if you can do more and grow, you can take ownership and drive your ideas. - Mentors are available. - Ideas are valued no matter what level you are at. - It is common to meet with your skip manager regularly as well as your manager. This helps strong individual contributors to not to get stuck under a manager by getting wider visibility.
-Designated work hours and days -40 Hour weeks in 4 days -If you do your job well you can avoid management -Slowly gain PTO and vacation
easy to take time off
Lots of opportunity for OT...
Virtual location, so work from home, however, there is no flexibility in scheduling
The people at AWS are on a whole incredibly innovative, smart, and dedicated... The speed we move at as an organization all while keeping the customer in primary focus is nothing short of astounding. I have been with several major tech companies both large and small and haven't seen many places with lack of ego witnessed at AWS especially among leadership. Good ideas tend to win out regardless of where they originate.
biggest company in the world. pays well if you get a higher position.
Get to learn about the new field. Working with smart people. Amazing work culture even at MNC
Only have to work 4 days a week. The work is pretty regular and it's hard to mess up.
Good benifits I was on maternity leave for 5 Months 100% Pay Good Incentives during peak
Exciting work. Room for growth for those who seek it.
It is a good company to learn. There are lot of smart people that you get to work with. You can implement a lot of new techniques in multiple areas of Computer Science
Great workspace Fair Management Solid team around you
- fast paced - good salary - gives good opportunities - always innovating - value good work
Great people, great projects to work on and a get to learn a lot in a short period of time. I have been around for 2+ years and have learnt a lot and made some really good friends and colleagues I enjoy working with.
* People here are great to work with * It isn't the crazy work-you-to-death workplace that everyone seems to think (I was one of those before joining) * Free snacks on every floor (different snacks for each floor)
Company is very strong in its principles which makes it a reliably good place to work. Salaries are very competitive
Full of opportunities every day. Maniacal customer focus. You have input into the tools and processes to make Amazon better. Great compensation package.
There is a reason why Amazon is regarded as one of the most innovative companies in the industry. The company has a well-defined process for new ideas to be reviewed by the right group of people, and adopted based on their merits, with least amount of bureaucracy during the process.
Ownership- You get to own and invent Culture-fast pace and inventive (AMAZING) No limits of potential Dogs:) Great Management
No other company will give you the opportunity to manage 150+ people straight out of college. Awesome experience so far
Challenging work, exciting opportunities, and career mobility
Amazon is growing and innovating at a rapid pace, if you enjoy growth, innovation and want to be part of history, there's no place like Amazon right now!
If you enjoy working with people who have a diverse background, Amazon is great place to work for. There are lots of fun events and conferences going on every month. My work hour is flexible, and it is easy to take vacation as long as my teammates can cover my work during the absence.
I love spending my days with smart and funny people. I love being a part of exciting innovation and design. I feel highly respected and a vital part of the success of the business. Culturally, there are plenty of fun opportunities from guest speakers to musicians to art classes.
Good pay for entry level job with no skills or interview. I found that it was easy to interact and relate with other employees (meeting people will help you get through the day). Good bonuses/benefits if you can last...
If you want more hours or pick up days always available
Pay, benefits, ability to control your own destiny
N/A not much to say about the pros
1. I see many people saying Amazon uses employees in crazy ways. That's not true at least to me or to any one I know. It really depends on the individual employees to maintain the work-life balance. In my org, no one is forced to work a minimum of certain number of hours. You control your own pace as long as you deliver on time. I probably work overtime (> 8 hours/day) once every few months. I was still able to be promoted to next level in less than two years. 2. Management is really a hit or miss. And this is true to ALL the companies I believe. When you have a healthy management chain up to VP level as I do, your manager, skip level manager care about you as an individual contributor. 3. Minimum politics you have to hear about. At least among the SDEs I know, there's no politics in their work. 4. You are the owner. Instead of having multiple people owning same project like what I've experienced in other tech companies, at Amazon you are the owner of your project. You get all the credits for the good things you've done and no one can take it away from you. You own the COEs when you make mistakes, learn and grow from your mistake is a very healthy way to your growth (and promotion). 5. Trust me, as long as you are capable, Amazon is the place for you to shine. If you are not that solid on your skills, learn in the hard way. You will be very capable and confident even if you decide to try other career opportunities. Amazon is not a good fit for you if you are not capable, not curious on learning. You will feel there's no work-life balance since you cannot deliver.
I love the flexibility of working hours and location, as well as the level of top leadership engagement on my program, as well as big ideas that can come from anywhere in the company. The innovation here is astounding. The facilities (buildings, kitchens, quiet spaces, mother's rooms...) are world class and safety oriented.  I have worked in the Customer Service (CS) and Finance Teams as well as a "pilot" group in the Retail organization. Working in the CS and Finance Teams was a great experience with strong leadership that cares about its people and teams that work together to accomplish great things.  There are tons of opportunities to learn and to contribute to changing the way the world does things.
Working in fulfillment center is straightforward. Tasks are repetitive but meeting performance standards isn't difficult. Very flexible time off benefits.
great benefits, great hours, fun and diverse work
great benefits, great hours, fun and diverse work
The people and the benefits are awesome! Lots of room for development and growth within the company. With a good attitude, opportunities will come up!
Amazon treated their employees very well.
Great developmental opportunities, great pay and really understanding when it comes to time off, you will get to work with very intelligent and competent peers that will help you to get to the next level.
Some incredible people, some horrendous middle management.
You can put Amazon on your resume. You work with some really smart people.
Benefits, RSU, that's really about it for the pros of this place
Competitive pay for warehouse work Good benefits More off days per week
Good pay, 4 days of wprk
shift flexibility. great team leads.
Good teamwork may be a little confusing for the new joinees
1. Good exposure to high end technology 2. Excellent learning experience 3. Boost to your overall profile
What pros? The blisters? Backaches? The crappy disorganized management and snarky HR girls?
Good pay, good people, and good facilities
Easy work. No experience required.
Pay weekly, flexible hours, growth opportunities
Benefits, full time job, no interview, stock
401k match (but a limited amount), stock incentives, multiple healthcare packages, personal leave options, and the impression Amazon makes on a resume can't be denied.
Allows you to dive into areas outside of your core role.
benefits and three days off
benefits and three days off
they pay above minimum wage pick your own schedule little to no manager supervision
Weekly pay, good schedule options
The salary would have to be the best in my opinion especially on holidays when you recive almost double pay.
Get benefits a good workout and you can take classes for freee
Fast - Paced, Fun environment. Lots if moving pieces for growth with jobs opening up for those who seek higher levels of management
innovative, creative, challenging and fun!
opportunity to learn new tech
Smart people, challenging work, opportunities to make an impact with your work, and pick up a number of skills as you go. The company is very diverse in terms of industries, projects and management styles. It is very easy to move within the company -- this helps people to find work they're passionate about and team they enjoy.
Working with motivated individuals that are passionated about finance
Smart people Never a day when I don’t learn something new Opportunities to work for some of the game changing teams Your work would have a great impact Encourages to Fail and learn Machine learning university Exciting and challenging work
pay time off LOA benifits
It's nice if you like a job where you can stay active.
Good pay and benefits available
Steady pay, sometimes they give food.
Easy hire process Holiday pay Opportunities for advancement
Decent pay and benefits are good
Great tools for development Developers given a free hand to develop
Friendly workers and managers. Good first pay Great training Safety is a priority Workers are happy
The benefit package is fantastic!
Hours are there. Can work 2 extra days to OT. One day is mandatory OT. Benefits starting day 1. Can't complain about that.
Fast, growth, compensation are great.
VERY friendly staff gives the employee breathing room if you need to take a day off etc very understanding supervisors
Technology, technology, technology, technology, and only technology
fast-paced environment and really smart people
The stock is a big plus.
Innovation is everywhere and the leadership principles are not just on the wall they are in the every day workplace. I have complete independence to create whatever makes sense for my customer aligning to our customer obsession principle. The people I engage with at Amazon are incredibly bright and eager to do the right thing.
-They really live out their leadership principles -Lots of opportunity for career development inside the company -They value efficiency and impact in work, which makes you feel valued
12.00 is decent not enough for all the work but because alot of entry level people have never made that much. Good selection in breakroom to buy. If you happen to be placed at a station by someone cool it will make the day go by faster but if you're in between two antisocial ppl the day will be quiet and boring.
Positive atmosphere to work in
Benefits on day 1
The only thing I can think of is the price of the insurance
I've worked at Amazon for over a year now and really like it. Exceptionally smart people are the norm. The overall approach to creatively inventing ways around obstacles is refreshing -- my coworkers aren't routinely defeated by operational challenges. The pace of change is fast, which is also refreshing. When projects don't go as planned, we have thoughtful conversations about what we learned and will do differently going forward. It's a very pragmatic, rational approach to getting great work done, and I find that this resonates well with how I am wired. People expect that you will provide feedback regularly on how they can better embody Amazon's 14 Leadership Principles, and also expect that you can handle feedback in a mature manner. This means problems are addressed and can be fixed, and helps to avoid a culture of grumbling where people aren't satisfied but no one will take action to solve an issue. There are very big opportunities to tackle, which is exciting if you like building things.
AWS is an outstanding technology with the full force of Amazon's brand recognition driving customer adoption. Highly driven and smart group that is open to leading with the best ideas versus seniority. High pay is also a major plus.
The people I have worked with in 1.5 years at Amazon are good collaborators. They are engaged, principled, and candid. People at Amazon take responsibility for their mistakes, give credit where it is due, and find ways to make those around them successful. People here don't seem to complain ever, they just identify what can be made better and make it happen.
Strong culture, lots of new people, encourages new ideas, truly obsessed with customers, walks the walk not just talks to the talk
TEAM concept. Respect for all. Challenging the individual to be better. Great benefits and salary. Room for growth. Face paced.
Amazon is the most dynamic company I have ever seen. Though the company is one of the biggest in the technology domain, it is still agile. Every day is the opportunity to build new things and learn.
$17.50/hr MSP1 BHN  Great friends can be made here. This warehouse will develop your character and professionalism in its own way.
Easy work, overnight shifts, fun people
Amazon provides a good salary and good benefits, with lots of opportunity to move up in the company. I feel supported from my team and supervisors. I feel confident in my job security and am proud to be a part of such a successful company
They offer benefits from day one and a willing to work with you on the days you need. Not to many places like this.
You can move up fast if you put in the hard work
The pay, Benefits, Paid time off.
Weekly Pay, Hourly Pay,
- You learn a lot. - Challenged everyday. - You meet people who are smart, driven, and engaging.  Note: Amazon has a high hiring bar, so the people who make it through are 9 times out of 10 fully functional/non-crazy/more balanced/self-aware people. That means a lot of the people here are cool and you want to be friends with them outside of work.
One of the goals of work should be to improve and grow. There are lots of smart people at Amazon and you will undoubtedly stretch yourself and fill in gaps that may have previously been missing. You will be better equipped for other professional endeavors by working at Amazon.
Internally very data-driven Office/org politics are rare and generally boil down to what maximizes customer benefit, not silly posturing over positions. Deep and broad knowledge base within the talent pool Continuous opportunities to learn and grow Adherence to Amazon Leadership Principles isn't just lip service Employees can move around freely to find teams/projects they are excited about
Immediate benefits, independent working environment, I have no further pros to add!
Established company with High visibility name recognition
Work from home. No gaz.
a job but treated as a number
met some cool people there
The hours here was amazing, shifts were consist and overtime was lovely, i wouldn't mind going back
More Hours, Benefits, Weekly pay
Biggest pro is how easy it is to get into Amazon Fulfillment services. There's no interview, and as long as you tell them what they want to hear on the personality review, you'll get a warehouse job.
The pay is nice for a teenager, fresh out of high school.
Good salary, flexible hours, helpful coworkers
Taking anyone who applies. Good orientation
It's so inspiring to work with so many intelligent, hard working people who are truly invested in making great products and services for people around the globe.
Best Company to work for, excellent team and great new technology
Intense, passionate co-workers who will push you to deliver your very best each day on behalf of our customers. The opportunity to pioneer and build something that didn't exist before, a rare opportunity at this scale in any industry. Work backwards from the customer's needs/challenges to solve their problems without constraining yourself and unleashing your ability to Think Big
Love working here, fantastic work environment.
- Great place to learn new technologies - Close connection with business objectives and end customer satisfaction
1. Good teammates 2. Good pay 3. Challenging tasks
- Opportunity to run a large multi-million dollar business at a generally relatively young age - Leadership will work with you to gear side projects towards your long-term career interests - Incredible learning opportunity - WFH is possible occasionally - You can bring your dog to work - Everyone is incredibly smart and it is nice to constantly work around intelligent individuals
Mandatoey overtime which is good for those that want to work themselves to death.
Decent benefits. Great way for introduction to leadership. Very basic principles.
Good benefits, for very cheap. Air conditioning.
Easy work Good pay to competition
Good Pay Part time hours Nice clean enviroment
fast pace. flexible hours. good excersice
Easy work, flexible hours, laid back
They give a lot hours and lots more during peak seasons.
Friendly people to work with. The hours are very flexible and excellent for a part-time position.
Amazon is incredibly frugal. Teams have very minimal resources and yet own significant pieces of functionality. My team, in particular, owns a significant feature within the mobile application that millions of customers interact with every day. Because of that, I’ve had the chance to deliver products of significant complexity and high visibility.  Amazon is also a very flat organization in which you own your own career progression. From my experience, that’s been a huge plus.
Work along side the best of the best. Having the opportunity to work for a company who says they are customer obsessed and truly mean it. Delivering technology and services that change people's lives for the better. Growth opportunities in every direction.
Good hours.. You only have to work 4 days out of the week.
Get to learn a lot, good tools easily accessible, and like I said other teams are good. The manager decided how bad or good your work life will be
Helpful, Friendly coworkers Very good benefits
Ever changing environment with opportunity to grow but must not stay in one spot for too long. Always look to move on to a new site.
The benefits are excellent (healthcare, 401K, bonuses), and the best part is, you get them on day 1. Also, they grant voluntary time off when it is slow. Beautiful, comfortable facility, free coffee.
I was pleasently surprised how engaging and strength-focused my team has been. Since day one, I've been included in conversations that I feel like I have little reason being in beyond simply building and developing my own strengths and understanding of the overall business. Amazon is very much focused on the leadership principles and propelling new hires into their desired careers. Once you are in the door, you are 'one of the best' and they just want you to find the best fit for your abilities and desires.
Flexible working arrangements, less work than asia companies, challenging work, colleagues are smart.
Guarantee 40 hours Monthly bonuses Paid time off and vacation
- Competitive salary - Intelligent coworkers - Technology exposure
If you like growth through struggle and constant learning, then definitely a Pro
Data driven and Customer focused makes decision making easy.
Most innovative company. Lot of interesting projects. Flexible work hours, Work from home.
Engagement Abundance of Resources Positive Culture Create your own development path Growth and Development
The company is really energetic and supportive of creativity, and my colleagues get things done. Leaders can be convinced to change their minds if you put together a good case.
Fantastic benefits for the work that is performed. Opportunities for internal advancement, both seasonal and permanent. College classes offered in the warehouse, free CDL courses.
high energy, fast pace envirnoment
I've worked in tech for nearly 10 years now and Amazon is the best place I have ever worked. There are sources of info online that say Amazon has a poor work life balance, but I haven't found that to be the case at all.
So much to learn. Things move fast as it feels like a startup.
+Culture, prevalence of the leadership principles +Internal Transfer Program (you can transfer on your first day if you want to) +Great medical & health benefits +Pat & Mat leave, 3/4 time, and part time options available- most teams will work with you through changing life circumstances +You set your own work-life balance standards. You don't have to be a workaholic unless you really want to
Very smart people who are motivated to deliver results on behalf of customers. A culture of insisting on the highest standards and continually improving on what we do. The ability to define your own career and consider new roles. Opportunities to try new ideas with a very good chance of success and scale.
pretty great company, come and join us
good opportunities for new grad
Challenging and fun work. I get to work on stuff that matters. Management is always interested in hearing how I feel. Best place I ever worked
Constantly surrounded by very bright people, always have an opportunity to learn. Very intriguing to see all of the innovating things Amazon is working on Amazon is a very data driven company, Finance always has a seat at the table and you can make a great impact as a Business Analyst as well.
You will always learn something new @ Amazon irrespective of how many years you work in Amazon. That's why we call everyday as Day1
Extremely fast decision making and very non-hierarchical in the decision making. Data almost always trumps rank (have yet to come across a situation where that didnt happen). Very high bar on communication and detail and they are extremely insistent on meeting those. The upside is that once one meets that bar they are will have high caliber professional skillset. Finally you get a lot of responsibility even for relatively junior folks.
You'll work on cutting-edge products that impact the world. Pleasure to work with some really smart people that help your career growth.
1. co-works and mangers are really nice 2. Can learn a lot and there is room for growth 3. teams are willing to try new tech
Very good env and people are so nice
Great Team Great Work Open to Feedback and new ideas No Stress and a healthy work environment
Great team, opportunities to succeed, and innovative thinking.
Start-up culture with Fortune 20 budget. Incredible opportunities for everyone, regardless of background. The only requirement is passion.
Great team, great manager, love them
-Opportunities to work in many departments within the org to learn new things -Networking with every level of the business -Exposure to technologies I would not have had in other companies -Training is available for current position and potential future positions
I work with great people, am trusted, and treated like a person. I came to Amazon from the military and am so happy I was offered the opportunity to become an Amazonian. Amazon offers so much for their employees and truly cares.
Smartest people. Unlimited opportunity's to grow and learn. Respectful environment. Flexible hours.
- Smart people - Challenge place - Zero bureaucracy
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer with a rich culture full of values such as teamwork, comradery, and determination.
Not a lot of politics/bureaucracy. Great to work with so many smart people. Constant learning opportunities.
Very fast paced, as there is always something major going on. Little to no days when you find yourself bored at work. You work a lot, you learn a lot. Lots of opportunities to forge your career path as you deem fit, with opportunities in pretty much every field available in the same company because of how many things the company is doing. Oh, and casuals.
AWS does it right. They make everyone an equity owner in the business, so you have a vested interest in helping the company succeed. They also make sure you are compensated in a 4 year plan, which gives you the impression they want you to stay. I love that whenever there is a question about what we should do, all you have to think about is, what is best for our customers? That is the difference between Amazon and their competitors, Amazon is truly customer obsessed and not focused on the bottom line like other companies.
The work is easy
1. Opportunities for growth: I started in Seattle and after 3 years found an awesome opportunity in Europe. I worked with my boss and after interviewing internally i was accepted and relocated. Amazon made this process as painless is possible. I've seen many others around me make similar moves to Europe or other locations.  2. Stock: Having started 5 years ago, the stock has been a great piece of the overall compensation. I still believe there is a ton of room for growth.  3. Talent: Working with the people at Amazon has been humbling. I am still amazed that i was hired given how high the talent bar is here. The interview process is great at making sure we are not hiring "B-players"
- Autonomy - Flexibility to work remotely as needed - Fast-paced, dynamic environment - Things get done here! - Encouragement to Think Big and take calculated risks - All decisions are based on data - numbers do the talking, not some smooth talker
- There are literally no limits. You can have an idea, oversee it, and realize it to fruition inside of 6 months. - Culture emphasizes clarity and specificity. Transparency and straightforwardness are valued above all, and room for BSing is significantly more limited than other large organizations. People communicate in highly literal terms, and the more simple you sound the more well-respected you are. This really is my favorite thing about Amazon: there's no reward for garbage consultant lingo that sounds good but is really just hot air. You get to just describe stuff like you would to a 10-year old (in a good way), and you get to say 'I don't know' pretty bluntly when you don't know. That's incredibly rare. - It's easy to move around between teams. - Caliber of people around is high. People are significantly smarter than the average in any of the companies I've worked at previously. Different galaxy than where (e.g.) Microsoft in terms of employee caliber. - You'll learn more than you ever thought possible.
-Fast paced work culture. -You get to work on latest cutting edge technologies. -Your opinion matters and will be heard. -Great learning curve and enormous growth opportunities. -Startup kind of environment in most of the teams. -End to end understanding of the system.
- dogs - career opportunities - easy to transfer internally - location - culture isn't "quirky" but it is pretty good
People Cutting edge technology Impact of work
fast pace, engaging, professional work environment, surrounded by creative people, collective problem solving, teamwork, many opportunities to learn.
- Opportunity to work on innovative product - Flexible work hours - Free Uber Pool credit (Up to $130/mo)
You get to work with really smart people who don't slack.
Benefits, time off, stock, bonus pay
Its a great environment to work in u get to see some different orders
Its a great environment to work in u get to see some different orders
Steady paycheck, Steady Job, Great people. If you just need a filler job this is for you.
Benefits. That’s it. The pay isn’t enough for the work but you do get healthcare, vision, dental from day one.
Great content, ambitious mandate, great filmmakers, young vibe, growth opportunities
Amazon is an incredible place to work and presents a constant set of challenges for me. I see my career growing exponentially while I am here and I feel very privileged to be here. The distributed nature of the Company makes each team I have worked for feel extremely different and this fact also means that individuals have a great deal of power in shaping their teams culture and values.
Very easy to use. I like the auto fill boxes.
Great benefits and pay. Company gives employees stock
Good compensation, including stocks, once your pass the 2 years mark within the company. Also once you find the right team or career on Amazon, that allow the right balance of your personal and professional goals, you can say that you have work great life balance
Good compensation and benefits and opportunities to grow
There are no pros about working for Amazon.
A lot of experienced SDEs.
You get to work on amazing products at a scale very few will ever get to see. You will get good at interviewing. People follow the Amazon leadership principals, and that’s a very good thing!
I love the people. I grew to love most of the managers. We just got a MUCH deserved raise. You can easily advance in this company, due to the complexity of the nature of work.
fast pace, great stock, perfect location
Independence, Good Pay, HR is helpful
It's really an easy job work wise.
Lots of opportunity for growth within the organization Pay and benefits are very good Work with a diverse group of people
they give you shares of the stock
great benefits, lots of opportunity for increased pay  13.5 per hour
Benifits are good, and vacation time can build up, just be sure to use them or you can lose them before they are benifical, as in they will boot u in a heart beat.
Everyone is there to help you succeed. I've never worked in such a great place before. The work is fast paced, so you have to be ready for that, but overall, I hope to be here for a VERY long time! Compensation is great and tells you how much Amazon values you as an employee.
Engineering talent, tech, and culture. Compensation. Easy commute if you live in SLU or Capitol Hill in Seattle.
1/ Extremely fast innovation 2/ Working on and solving big problems 3/ Customer obsessed culture 4/ Transformative technology 5/ Talented and dedicated co-workers
For one, its Amazon. You work with very bright and self motivated people. People really stick to the leadership principles.
Benefits, the name, good amount of campus hires
Training is excellent, support of colleagues and supervisors is wonderful, ability to impact day to day business rules is fantastic/
Smart people, fast moving team, pay is a little bit higher than average. You can learn a lot here, two months at Amazon feels like 6 months else where.
Decent pay, some nice people, online discount which usually counters the tax.
Great coworkers, great atmosphere, always learning new things.
+ Amazing coworkers + Managers have to be developers first, so they understand tech issues + As much responsibility as you want, lots of trust. You can interview, do architecture documents, propose new technologies, the world is your oyster + Work from home friendly (not 100%, depends on the manager, but I do about once a week) + Bring my dog to work! + Offices all over the world if you're interested in transferring to work abroad + Compensation and stock bonus is great
Sorting out the pickers orders and preparing the orders for the packers to pack to go for shipment to the customers.
Autonomy, every idea is appreciated, just do it attitude, really smart people to work along with, benefits
Salary and Pay, growing company
Benefits , stocks , guaranteed hours , bonus at the end of month based off productivity.
working from home is a big plus
Independence, Good Pay, HR is helpful
Great starting pay and the ability to get raises very quickly. Full training in all areas are offered and if your willing to work hard and sweat everyday for 10 hours a day, 4 days a week, then this is the job for you. The 4 day weeks go by quick, it can be exhausting so proper rest and a healthy lifestyle will help you stay strong within this company. Beat benefits as well once you are a hired on as a full time.
excellent environment awesome people great environment
There's a strong bias for action and employees are encouraged to have a point of view. Rather than feeling like I'm working for a large tech company, I feel like I'm building the future with an amazing group of incredibly smart people.
Awesome place to work really like it here
Fantastic place to work. I left a brand manager role in a top CPG firm to come here, and I have absolutely no regrets.
Good pay and flexible hours
Great pay and benefits.....paid training flexibility schdumr
Great environment great training great support system
$12.00 per hour guaranteed 40 hours per week. Health insurance on first day of hire. Stable company to work for. A very "do your job and go home" type of position. If you enjoy doing repetitive tasks, constant lifting, pushing, and pulling of objects weighing up to 50lbs, and if you really don't want to have to think or interact with customers or colleagues and you work best on your own, this might be a good job for you.
A paycheck is the only pro I can think of.
Great benefits, insurance from day one, stock, bosses who care. Great pay, great discounts. Bosses who care. Great advancement.
* Fast-paced, high-growth culture * Exciting project work, innovation is everything here * Diverse & global workforce * Opportunities for development and advancement * Excellent parental / maternity leave and "ramp back" program * Fair compensation & valuable RSUs
Good pay, discounts, great benefits
High standards for customer service. Little bureaucracy in the way of getting the "right" thing done. Fair review process/bonus structure. Impact.
Work life balance, friendly work environment, very team oriented, flexibility to move teams to continue career growth, many travel opportunities to take advantage of if you are interested however, not required.
Good career advancement, and 4-day work weeks. Part time employees get full benefits!
Amazon Web Services is a highly customer-focused organization focused on helping enterprises innovate. Equally challenging and rewarding AWS offers interesting work, great colleagues, and rewards that map to results. So thrilled I joined.
If you are ready to Work Hard, Have Fun, and Make History, then Amazon is the place to be. Amazon is the global leader in the E-Commerce Macrocosm. Amazon is the future of retail and is surging forward to quickly be number one in all dimensions, including brick-and-mortar retail. If you are looking for a company that will allow you forge a great career - look no further, Amazon is the place to be. Amazon is a tech/retail company that is growing by leaps and bounds. Here are some pros to consider about Amazon:  (1). Customer Obsession: Amazon is the greatest company with the best and most advanced understanding of what it means in taking care of the customer. If you wish to be part of the team that takes care of customers the best – Amazon is the place to be.  (2). Innovation Hub: Amazon is a Great Innovation-Driven Hub. We are hundreds of years ahead all companies when it comes to the E-Commerce Business. We are growing fast and quickly starting to gain a foothold in the brick-and-mortar setting. We bought Whole Foods for a start.  (3). Talent Hub: If you are smart, then join Amazon and be inspired by other smart folks. Everyone in the room in most management positions have a college degree. If you are educated and seeking to widen the horizon of your talent and future professional prowess, then Amazon is the place to be.  (4). Great Remuneration: Amazon pays very well. You will work hard, you will have fun. You will make history. You will be paid well while doing so.  (5). Team Driven: Amazonians cherish Teamwork! Do you want to be among a group of professionals who work as a team, then Amazon is a place to be.
an absolutely fantastic company with the most rapid growth that I've ever seen
Great experience. Met tons of people. Got to see how enterprise level fulfillment was carried out.
-limitless career trajectory options -strong growing company -great brand recognition helps get in the door for sales
Innovation is really valued here and we are pushed to make history.
- Great minds to work with. - Challenging meaningful work with lot of responsibility. - To be part of an organization that is a trend setter.
- You always have opportunities to learn and grow - You are surrounded by smart people who have innovative ideas - You are encouraged to question how things are done and propose solutions/improvements - The Amazon community is amazing and there are many affinity groups you can participate in
*Ample opportunities for growth. *Competitive pay. *Endless educational opportunities. *Challenging but inviting environment.
Super awesome core culture, smart people all around to talk to, access to pretty much all tech content/talks/knowledge (open culture)
- Good people to work with - Encouraging managers - VET (Voluntary Extra Time) and VTO (Voluntary Time Off) - Shift flexibility - Easy job, can be learned easily (hard at first, gets easier after a while) - Clean warehouse, good temperature
Benefits are good. Hours are available.
They have excellent pay and benefits
Flexibility, get to choose shifts after awhile (under a certain limit, if they're available)
Monthly bonus checks Climate Control Building
Trainings , Learnability , You usually have the say on timelines, Lots of work :) , Perks
Amazon Web Services has a fast-moving, focused culture, where you can truly do great things
Good work life balance, understanding managers. Easy to approach anyone with in the company
Good work life balance, understanding managers. Easy to approach anyone with in the company
The people and the culture
Innovative, fast paced, great compensation, well known brand!
Flexible schedule and good pay match
Work with some of the most talented people on earth. Exciting challenges. Most advanced technologies.
Quick hire, easy enough job with good benefits
Decent Money Many positions and shifts
If you enjoy building, inventing, testing, exploring, and are "that person" whom consistently raises their hand to design better ways to solve a problem, Amazon is the place to launch and grow your career. I came from traditional retail organizations, some more focused on the customer than others. None were obsessed like Amazon- willing and committed to exploring the possible (without always knowing whether the exploration will result in an immediate win). The freedom and autonomy I've been afforded has catapulted my personal and professional development. I'm not sure any organization today is as willing to take risks, afford time for creativity and testing, like Amazon.
Work is simple minded and east
There is an entrepreneurial spirit here that is not felt in any other work environment. We are free to come up with new ideas and implement them to better our team/dept. Leadership is brilliant and supportive.
The night shift was about getting the job done. I liked leaving with the day completed. It was very satisfying.
A lot depends on your manager. Loved the culture and if you are a go getter awesome opportunity. Lot of growth potential
- customer obsessed: we always start with the customer and work backwards - this helps eliminate things that may be good for the P&L, but bad for the customer or other things that are to help Amazon's bottom line. at the end of the day, the only thing that will be good for the P&L is making decisions that the customer will respond positively too. Amazon gets this better than any other company I have worked for. - ownership: lots of autonomy and freedom to make decisions and this means a lot of responsibility. you will always be asked "what do you think?" when you present a problem/question, be prepared to offer a solution. if you are a self-started, you will flourish. if not, Amazon is probably not a good fit. - you are always learning, you will never be bored, and if you become bored - the ability to move within the organization is super easy so long as you are a solid performer. - compensation and benefits: benefits are super cheap, total compensation is competitive
good advancement opportunities they thank you for hard work
Hands down best benefits from any company I have worked for. Travel opportunities 4 day a week schedule Growth with in the company Best paying job for my field
It has been great so far.
Good place for learning and developing stuff.
Encourages ownership and demands excellence
Great benefits, 3-day weekends (outside of peak season).
Work Culture,Benifits,Balanced Life, great place to work
There are very few places that operate at this scale. The problems that need to be resolved as a result of this are usually interesting and never ending.  Do well with regard to performance metrics and with a good manager, there is decent growth potential.  Boredom won't be an issue with all the activity going on.  Two or three day weekends are an amazing thing. Work does not follow you home when you go off shift unless you want it to.  If you are able to succeed under an Amazon work load, you can excel anywhere.
benefits, lots of work, tasks are simple
benefits from day 1, Career Choice Program, Set schedules, opportunity for overtime, many various schedules to chose from
Lot of responsibility, can do amazing things Cutting edge development and product management practices Customer comes first
Cardio workout for the day, overnight hours leaves the daytime open. Employees are easy to get along with
good heath insurance , 401k stocks
Benefits if you really need them .
Work with a lot of people, but one team. Variety of assignments.
The culture and people at Digital Music is fantastic.
Awesome managers, Good pay, Great coworkers
sign on bonus, casual dress, share price
- solid salary, benefits, WFH Summer Fridays - self-starter culture - great managers who will help you get promoted, especially early in your career
Fellow team members were great to work with.
Good compensation Supportive culture for personal and professional growth Good work-life balance opportunities Relocation assistance "Extra curricular" activities to meet new people and do non-work related things Tonnes of workshops/conferences/opportunities to learn new things Free bananas Dogs
Lot of learning opportunity Great diversity in products, systems, technology and teams Scope to pickup a lot of responsibility quickly
Very competitive and fast paced. If you compete with yourself like I do, you'll find plenty of wins here. The pace is always fast, very challenging, and can propel your career quickly. Always room for growth.
Great benefits, good work life balance, lots of opportunity for improving yourself. Career Choice is a great benefit. Don't know why people complain so much. You get paid by the hour you work for the hour. if you want to stand around and chit chat and get paid, you should look to work someplace else. Keep busy you'll do good.
have supportive job family, promotion is fast if you do your job well.
Great people, competitive salary, vacation time
Work is simple minded and east
Great people, competitive salary, vacation time
Good pay, good benefits, great group of coworkers on the back half nights shift. Good leadership at the tier 3 level. Current manager is awesome. Amnesty is fun.
Good benefits, PTO, sick time, vacation. Decent pay.
The pay is decent and full time has good benefits with bonuses and yearly stocks. Very safe and clean building. I would recommend working at amazon.
Very engaging, and challenging work.
Competitive pay and fast work environment
Very nice company, I enjoyed working there
Good Pay and Somewhat nice people
- worked on real systems that are deployed in production today - learned a lot about code quality, patterns, and designs used in industry
Freedom to innovate Freedom to make mistakes in the pursuit of the best solution Scale Speed Great internal community. I can IM anyone in the company for help (really anyone) Benefits are great without being stupid
I work in the AWS division as a Cloud Support Engineer and I have never seen a smarter group of engineers. A huge amount of employees here have masters or higher level education, so even the people in lower level positions are experts in something you probably arent. This provides an amazing learning environment and I feel like my career has progressed more quickly by being able to learn from the best.  There has been significant room for promotion from within based on merit, and the requirements for such are clearly defined. I have not felt like politics played a part in the decisions which is always refreshing. I have been able to prove my value through visible milestones and have been recognized accordingly. It has also been possible to choose the direction and teams I wished to move forward with. A high emphasis is placed on skill development and cross team training which helps with lateral and upward mobility as well.  Finally, I feel like what I do has a real and global impact. I work with some of the largest companies in the world as well as amazon retail, and Ill occasionally hear about things I was a part of in the news. I would not have had these kinds of opportunities at a smaller company.
If you are a self-starter, there is no limit to your opportunities. There is a business culture that fosters excellence, and positive peer pressure to do your best work.
Management is very flexible and supportive. I'm taking graduate courses and leadership has navigated around that schedule to ensure I can continue my higher education. Amazon is a meritocracy, you are rewarded for working hard. Many of the rumors or negative things I've heard about Amazon are a reflection of corporate America as a whole and not Amazon as a company.
Great benefits, interesting work, nice atmosphere, good compensation, great coworkers, tons of room for professional growth and advancement.
The application process is efficient and seamless. The work is busy and you get to work with a diverse group of people and managers. The managers are accommodating and open to suggestions for change or improvement of processes. Even as a part time employee, you feel a part of the Amazon team and have access to employee discounts too.
Amazing atmosphere. Plenty of opportunities within the company. Ideas for improvements are actually listened to.
Amazon is truly a forward thinking company in every way. Not only does this apply externally, but internally as well. You find a bureaucratic hierarchy to manage through here. Ideas are encouraged and leadership is open to listen. Work life balance is fair and compensation is good. If a job is not a fit you are able to rotate easily. Your career is in your hands.
I'm a really hard worker who gets along well with others.I learn quickly.I believe in getting the job that you've been handed and do it right the first time so you'll have no regrets..
Great hours, great pay, nice amount of time off.
You have the power to take good ideas a long way without having to jump through many hoops
Fast paced, fair, in charge of own time, diversity
Room for advancement to move up in the company , able to change you work schedule and get the hours you want to work
Amazon is a large company with a lot of great technologies. If you want to work in a specific technological field, odds are Amazon has a team that fits you.  If you are new to development (recent college graduate), there is a decent learning curve, but lots of tools to help you out. A large community of developers are also available to help you ramp up to be more confident with the immense number of tools Amazon leaves at your disposal. After a year or so, you will have developed skills in tons of useful technologies and be much more confident in your engineering skills.
Excellent software engineering capabilities, strong culture, mostly data-driven decision making.
Good pay. Always doing work to keep you busy. Breaks and a lunch break (coming from RaceTrac where we never got breaks) are nice.
good pay, good benefits, great people
You are always busy and time goes by quick. The benefits are great and so are the people.
1. Great people to work with and the culture, everyone steps up and is there to help you be successful.  2. Push your limits - Technically and Behaviourly definitely will be in situations out of your comfort zone and will require adapting learn and grow.  3. Startup Culture - AWS and its services are constantly improving and iterating, keeping pace is a challenge but the culture helps you keep pace.  4. Voice your concerns and be yourself.
1. People actually buy into the famed leadership principles, so there is a common place to start from when promoting new ideas and making decisions. 2. I'm surrounded by brilliant people who are excited about solving complex problems for our customers and each other. 3. There are a lot of internal opportunities for growth or change once you've hired on.
Lots of smart and talented co-workers and managers Great culture and opportunity to increase your professional network and skills
Top of the technology, get chance to work with complete supply chain, fast paced environment leads to a good amount of learning in short span of time.
- One of the most innovative companies in the world currently. - Willingness to try new things and not afraid to fail fast. - Very customer obsessive and putting customers before anything else. - Anyone can influence business decisions with the right data. - Good pay
New challenge everyday. Bunch of opportunities to learn new technology Leadership principles which could also help on future career and life
AWS solutions really have the ability to impact our customer's business
1. Constant improvements to the product based on customer feedback. 2. Customer centered business. 3. Smart and engaged team. 4. You can make an impact. 5. Feel part of something great.
- Great compensation - cutting edge skill sets to pick up - Smart and competent team mates - Impactful and challenging tasks and projects - Good direct managers
You have best teams and best minds around you. They take special care in recruiting people who shares the same leadership principles, which helps a lot.
Advanced Learning opportunities, Get work with an elite group of professionals and True Think Big Strategy
great people. great work & great systems.
It is absolutely an amazing place to work. Everything we do here is moving at a very fast pace and yet there is a process and order to it. The developer outreach is just amazing. The people that I work with are one of the best I've worked with, always willing to help each and not playing any games. The culture encourages transparency and collaboration.  Amazon leadership principles are not just a bunch of words but truly inculcated in everything we do here. Customer obsession, Insist on high standards, Bias for action, Deliver results and others are quite evident in day to day conversations.
Startup culture, Quick Decision making, Freedom to innovate, No/Less Politics
Work Life balance in sales here is second to none.
Amazon is a great place to work. The work is both challenging and exciting. It feels great to be a part of a company that allows for the free expression of its employees. Where working conditions allow you to tap into your most creative and innovative self. From VP down, everyone is accessible to mentor and encourage you in your professional development.
Amazon is a great company to work. There are many aspects here that make the work interesting and challenging. You will always get smart people around you to work in addition to the challenges associated with a rapidly growing company, this company makes for a great career move. There is significant effort from the company to improve the work culture and it is reflected in the many events that have been conducted at the Amazon HQ that I have witnessed in 2017. The company is surely striving to ensure that each and every of its employee is happy
- Lots of autonomy - Small team culture - No bureaucracy - Good pay - Plenty of career opportunities - Work with smart people - Scientific approach to problem solving - Data driven culture
a lot of challenging projects, all new cloud technologies, effective management and always customer oriented. Think bigger than any other companies.
I have been with Amazon for the past 3 years and have never not enjoyed coming to work. If you thrive on structure, process improvement, fast way to advance and climb up the latter, an employer that listens to their employees and where your opinion counts and is valued, then you will not regret working here. There is also a good chance that you might travel out of state or even out of the country to provide training once you're further along and you don't have to be upper management to do so. Besides the already mentioned, we have great medical that includes massages, chiropractor visits and acupuncture, along with shares that are being given upon employment and promotions.
- fast moving, if you are excited about technology it's the right place - flat, less titles, less ranks, approachable VPs & directors who talk to engineers - feedback style is really awesome, 360 feedback may worry some people, if it works great most of the time, you provide feedback for managers & peers alike which is helpful in constructive manner - low bureaucracy - i mean it, i've been from a consulting company & i know how it feels to be a techie in those companies. small teams, managers with real powers, no hassles in approvals, visa, clear policies, if you have been bothered by red tape culture, you'll love amazon.
Wonderful, collaborative and stimulating work environment. Other teams are eager to assist in crisis and flexibility to adapt my schedule to my work life balance.
Great concentration of smart, driven people. If you want to build something new, solve hard problems, and be excited by what you learn from co-workers, this is the place. I find it to be a collaborative environment, in that people care about each other, and band together to solve problems. I remain excited, after over 8 years. I have learned more here than anywhere else.
Constant innovation and learning, tremendous pre-sales and product management support, unique services to the market, great environment of work
During meetings, I feel like I can voice my opinion to any colleague at any level most all of the time. If I strongly disagree with a course of direction, I have shared my thoughts and offered ideas for alternative steps. They have not always been accepted, but they've always been heard. In my area, I feel like my colleagues are supportive of my efforts. They are willing to offer a hand. The offices are clean and friendly. There are always new business ideas that emerge that make working here interesting.
Good Learning Great place to work for
Great opportunity for growth and advancement. They great leaders.
Don't get me wrong, Amazon is a nice place to work at. I came in on the ground floor at a new facility in my town. We set records and became one of the best facilities in the Amazon Network, and for that I'm proud to be a part of the history there. They have a great benefits package and will help you pay your college tuition through the Amazon Careers program. The pay was good for the first year or so then it dropped as more employees came in, which I can understand but that raised an issue (see Con #2). They put PS4's in the break rooms!
The pay was decent (but not worth it).
Referring to the logistic facilities. The pay and a great job if you're lazy or lack standards. You literally have to only show up. A lot of women. The industrial engineers did a good job on the facility. Plenty of clean ultrafiltered water, vending machines with free good-quality gloves, painkillers, and TUMS.
They dangle big bucks and stock shares in front of you. There are no pros with AWS. This is a cult.
Both the company and the people really care about your growth at Amazon Web Services. There's no shortage of resources you can tap into and people that will help mentor you along the way. I'm very impressed with things here, and very about my decision to be employed by Amazon Web Services.
- Get to learn new things everyday - Have lot of opportunities to tryout in same or different roles -Good Compensation
Amazon has some great benefits.
In AWS, you will be working on cutting-edge technology with innoviation, The most important thing is you have to work on the scale of AWS, which is the biggest cloud on earth.  You will be totally immersed by the Amazon Leadership Principles. The key to success is always to customer obsession and start from backward.  It is a very fast paced company and you have to embrace changes every couple of months. Once you are used to the pace of Amazon, I believe you can survive any company.  Also, there are many teams and technologies, you can choose what's interesting to you and work on it.
Strong culture, great opportunities, smart and hard-working people. I also believe that the hiring process is very effective, bringing on more great people every day.
High level of ownership Ability to transfer teams
The work is easy and the managers were easy to get along with. Four day work week with a three day weekend.
Great teammates and managers Great atmospher Amazing benefits especially for Florida Room for growth Can't beat the 4 10 hour shifts Bonuses Voluntary OT/ Voluntary time off 2 30 min lunch breaks
pay and overtime ability with opportunity for advancement
Once you get your process down you pretty much work on your own. Once you figure everything out it's relatively easy, but occasionally challenging depending on the day and what process your in. Alot of the people you see complaining are the ones who couldn't cut it. At first it's not easy but you eventually perfect your process. Honestly I make 200 -300% Rate some days by accident. My Record is 487%. But I'm not typical. Also I had a seasoned veteran take me under his wing, and now another veteran from ICQA is doing the same with the hopes I'll transfer. See the rate everyone is complaining about is actually revised every 3 months. They take the last 3 months work-flow and avarage it. Somewhere in the middle is where they set the rate. Except peak, because everything goes into overdrive. I actually spend much if my shift remembering to slow down because I realized I was raising the rates for every one else. Some people have problems making rate, this job isn't for everyone. But most people actually have trouble with the quality aspect. You are only able to make about 1 or 2 mistakes a week or you get written up. 30 day, 60 day, 90, day. 4th written is termination. I got 3 in my first 5 weeks. I was basically fired. But the veteran helped me out and I survived the 90 day "Gauntlet" (you can't make more than 1 mistake a week or your done). It's very rare someone survived the 90 days. In recent memory I'm the only one to do so in a few years, most people tell you to just quit and apply again in 90 days. If you get fired for 4th written your not elegable for re-hire (so I hear). I mastered my process and actually am capable of such a high rate that I've gotten 5 errors and no written because I actually could have afforded 1 more before a written because it's actually a defect per thousand scans. But I don't chance it. Really it's about quality. Also I don't want to raise the rate for everyone else, doesn't make for good relations with co-workers. But it wasn't easy to get where I'm at, and I put alot of effort and focus to become one of the best in my FC. It feels good when they have you come to the desk and show you your actually rated #1 stower in Reno. But, try not to be the best, you might get stuck in that process. There are many different processes in each Department. Also make sure to ask them regularly to get cross trained in a different Department. After Xmas and Aug-oct it gets slow and if your cross trained you can pick up extra time in another Department.
Working from home is cool.
Room for advancement to move up in the company , able to change you work schedule and get the hours you want to work
Good pay and benefits day one
I can't say i know any pro's as i haven't been given a start date and just keep receiving preformed e-mails and generic scripted answers.
Amazon is a very dynamic and innovative company, we are constantly asking how to do things better and simpler. Respect for diversity, the company works hard on being inclusive and having spaces for all people, lots of respect for others and their way of viewing the world. Lots of possibility for growth. Employee experience is always is a focus. Leadership listens and acts on feedback.
Scale, positive workplace, ability to truly affect change, unlimited growth potential and the ability to build new products and services that directly impact my customers. Customer obsession is real, and it drives decisions which you are never embarrassed to deliver.
Work 4 days Off 3 Competitive pay
- Get a chance to surround your self with highly tecnical and intelligent folks.
Benefits, Career advancement/opportunities available, Virtual (work-from-home) positions, Stock options, Salary is respectable, Work-Life balance, Employees overall are happy!
Benefits, many team options, good coworkers, flexibility
weekly pay, fun work envirnment, flexible hours, great benefits
schedule,transfers,other info of our buildings across the world.
Great pay, full hours and mostly over time.
Kick start for Freshers High learning Curve Flexible
Great people to work with Constant challenges day in day out Amazing pace of the work great work culture great benefits and flexibility to move around anywhere in the world
Great work environment great new building
paid holidays, competitive pay, time off, vto
Flexible, good for college student, good benefits.
Great coworkers, flexible shifts 1
that it a good plant it has its down and ups.
Good benefits and paid time off
good co workers and cool technology
Amazon has Great benefits to choose from
Great coworker, smart people,nice location,High salary
Pay is decent, 40 hour work week, great benefits including help pay for college, medical and dental, life insurance. Etc.
It was a great company environment with positive team management. Solid employee benefits and the work was exciting, dealing with all the different customer calls.
The company is huge and it has a role for everyone and the company empowers people to thrive towards what they are passionate about! As Engineers you own your destiny and an abundance of approachable people at all levels in the company!
4-day weeks, great work out, energetic and young management staff.
It get company work for
You work for an influential company with very smart people that cares about customers.
Amazon is a quick changing environment. I enjoyed adapting to new processes and working on continuous improvement.
Challenging and interesting work, opportunities to "make my mark" and build things from the ground up. Try and find a team that is building something new, and isn't relying too much on another team to build it - that's where all the fun stuff is.
campus is large, lots of other interns
A lot of work and learning every day.
No shortage of tech to learn or projects to work on Amazing culture, always forces the most important piece of work to bubble up
Good benefits, offers classes for career advancement, discount on Sketchers, good about taking time off
Great pay and benefits. stock options are given on a yearly basis.
Managment is great, Benefits are good.
Good Benefits, lenient time off policies
Opportunity to work on cutting edge topics
They pay is good compared to other warehouses in the area. During the peak season you get paid extra if you go to work on time and if the buildings productivity is up to par.
you might lose some weight just by carrying heavy big boxes bending and standing
Easy place to work at
Decent pay, work from home
Great ownership at grass root levels of engineering no bureaucracy [not at levels that impact the engineering community] Most of the management works in line with the company's aligned goals Management at VP level cares for employees genuinely great autonomy great work ethic amongst peers
• Great work environment: Amazon gets a bad rap and I hesitated when checking Glassdoor myself. I shouldn't have. It's a supportive, friendly, professional environment, and I really enjoy it. • Technical challenges: The work is difficult enough to stay interesting, and I work in more programming languages than I thought I would, which is fun.
-Work at the bleeding edge in robotics, swarm robotics, logistics, machine learning, and optimization -Design, build, and deploy infrastructure to meet global demand at a dizzying pace -Work closely with academia to stay flush with the latest methods -See your own ideas deployed at scale -See your work benefit the general public -Benefit from many opportunities for career development -Enjoy many opportunities for educational outreach -Do company-sponsored charity work -Be surrounded by brilliant people all the time -Enjoy flexible schedule -Watch fleets of robots daily -Take part in Orange Week, which is the best new hire orientation ever
Love the culture - they value experimentation, learning, and open dialogue. My work never gets boring, there's always challenges to tackle and new projects to dive deep on. They focus on writing over presentations which helps make sure that great ideas don't hinge on your ability to be a persuasive speaker.
My favorite part of working at Amazon is that the opportunities here are endless. You never feel like you are stuck in your current role. There are always opportunities to try and learn new things that are both directly and indirectly related to your current role. The other thing that I love is the "flat" culture that we have. No matter where you are in the hierarchy, you are not only encouraged, but expected to take ownership over projects and your ideas. This really has given me the ability to see the direct results of my work and pushing me to challenge myself in ways that I never would have otherwise.  *The opinions expressed in this post are my own.
I joined directly from the university as an SDE I. Amazon maintains really high bar for all the things they do. I got thrown into those pool of people and you eventually become like that.  -No micro management -flexibly work hours -can take vacation any time (at least in my team) -can move to other internal teams very easily. Plenty of oportunities there. - work on some rare problems that no other company in the world is working on.
High ownership focus, you can drive your business with freedom, have the ability to fail and learn from mistakes, always expected to learn.
Walking alot and the pay was great
I liked the pace and the job. Free coffee machine in cafeteria area was a plus.
Flex hours, work from home, equipment provided.
The pay is decent You have guranteed set hours Health, dental, vision, and 401K Coworkers are usually great Generous amount of earned time off and voluntary time off
Overtime was good. Cool robots in facility.
Benefits, Paid time off, bonuses
Pay was good Great benefits
The challenge and innovation at Amazon is virtually endless. They truly do listen to your ideas and are willing to try things to improve processes, procedures, etc.
It's a great company with a lot of fluidity movement. It's encouraged to move within the organization and grow. Tons of valuable learning opportunities.
- Many opportunities for advancement - Great benefits package - Beautiful campus
Decent Pay for part time job with decent benefits
good benefits, never lack of work
do like the company culture
Good starting pay with overnight differential, great hours, flexible scheduling, overtime opportunities, lunch break room food options, sometimes a company bonus if the warehouse did great all together for the month.
Opportunities to promote Opportunities to relocate all over the world Positive Culture Safety Culture
Flexibility, opportunity to learn from some of the best leaders in the industry, and challenge the status quo.
If you have the ability to relocate as you progress your career with Amazon, the sky is the limit.
Tremendous growth opportunities due to massive growth. Flat organization that operates more like a scrappy startup than a very large, bureaucratic organization. Highly competitive compensation with all employees having ownership interests via RSU's. It is such a privilege to work with so many talented people.
Best and Brightest Challenging Fast Paced Innovative GREAT Pay GREAT Benefits GREAT Leaders Very fair time off Great fringe benefits GREAT stock options GREAT culture GREAT vision
Very smart people, customer obsessed, diverse, encourages growth in all areas, modern and innovative, great dress code, like a big family, love it!
Fast pace, High opportunity for growth, challenging environment, diverse workforce, multiple industries or experience, Customer centered, unique work schedules,has potential for long term growth, innovative and forward thinking, great pay and benefits.
Great people Moves fast Open to new ideas
Fast paced - learning every day - fun environment
Amazon is a good place to work. I've spent 3 years in AWS specifically, and have felt that there has been a good balance between focusing on the work and my personal growth. It's a different culture than many are used to, but it's generally one that fosters a positive working environment.
Work culture Challenging work Compensations & Benefits And the most important of all "Career Opportunities"
Challenging problem space with great opportunity for growth
Potential for high impact, data-driven culture, great work-life balance in my org
Its a fantastic organization with huge opportunities for personal growth. Amazon really cares about the development of its people. If you ask, you'll get one or more great mentors.
- Challenging environment with attainable goals - Ability to innovate and drive your ideas - Tons of ownership with projects and within your role - Culture is top notch - Work/Life balance is right where I need it to be
Very high standards, very fast-paced with much work to do.
Numerous internal opportunity, relevant work for business, close partnership with all relevant leaders
- Always striving for best - Learn a lot and look for best industry practices - highly knowledgeable peers - Senior management is in details and industry recognized professionals
Amazon is a place that does not slow down. We invest in growth and have found a lot of success, which is something to be proud of. You also do not often run into situations where good ideas are not given a fair hearing and/or resources to mature.
Only a few months in but so far I have stayed surprised at the time provided new employees to ramp up and take training courses specific to many of the AWS services. Nowadays, companies hire you and throw you at the work, AWS takes an approach where for each employee to be able to be in front of customers and be the expert, they take the time to train you as such. My Team, Manager, and up stream Management have all been great.
Compensation, Stock options, competitive work environment, personal development & growth.
Fun, rewarding, and challenging environment
+ probably the most innovative tech company out there today. It's impossible to be bored here + lots of career growth opportunities due to the incredible expansion of the business + work culture has significantly gotten better since the NYT article in 2015 and a change in the SVP of HR. Examples include paid maternity/paternity leave, flexible hour teams, fairer employee review system etc.
I've been at Amazon for a little over 2 months as a recruiter within the university Talent Acquisition and Development Program (TADP). So far I am really enjoying starting my career at Amazon. My manger is a great person to work with who is very intersted in the career development of his direct reports and truly wants to help everyone be their best. While I can't speak for all recruiting teams at Amazon, my team has a great work life balance and I have found that my co-workers are very open to answer my questions as a new recruiter. There are many perks that come with working for a massive corporate company like Amazon and they include, but are not limited too, solid pay/benefits, great speakers/presentations around campus, nice work areas and a beautiful campus that has a lot of activities and food options within walking distance. The company culture is not for everyone, it's really focused on improvement and working for our customers not ourselves, so I encourage everyone to read the Leadership Principals before they apply to make sure the culture resonates with them.
Innovative, fun, challenging, rewarding. I am proud to work here.
I work at AWS, and love the pace of growth and innovation, and the amazing AWS cloud services, as well as the transformational impact we bring into our customers' lives around the world. It's great to be a part of such awesome global force. I'm surrounded with highly competent, driven, yet super friendly professionals, who actually want to work all day, every day, to achieve results (yep, I find it rare and highly beneficial). I love the challenges we get to solve on daily basis - never get bored. Management sets vision and direction, and trusts that you'll take the initiative to implement it to your best judgement and ability (no micro-management). They ask what they can do to help every day. Arguably led by the best CEO on the planet, great leadership team, flat management structure. Great work/life balance - very reasonable performance expectations, giving you a chance to over-achieve them. I choose to work extra hours because I want to achieve more each week, like most around me - but it's not mandatory. Great compensation package.
Groudbreaking projects used by around the world. It feels like we are writing operating system for the next 100 years :-)  One can achieve anything here as long as they have energy and interest.  In my team work/life balance is very good. I don't feel pressure from management to do overtime, we did put more hours in order to release my current project on time.
Work culture, work on new technologies, location.. Seattle is a decent city to live except the rent prices going up every year :)
+Things move quickly, but you achieve and learn at a really satisfying rate +Work with really bright people - if you're tired of being in the big fish in the small pond, you'll love Amazon because you'll be surrounded by big fish +Invent and Simplify - there's no such thing as "well, that's how we've always done it". If you want to update a process, try something new, scrap something that doesn't work, then you'll have support to do it. +Career development is taken seriously. There's no reason to stagnate. +Emphasis on delivering results. I love that everything I do has an end result, I'm not just spinning my wheels and waiting for some business leader to make a decision on something.
Amazon provides some of the best opportunity to work across the globe. I live in a smaller city, but am able to work virtually on projects bigger than I ever imagined. It truly is amazing and I'm lucky to have a great team of colleagues.
Work from home, opportunity for growth, always changing
Smart, accomplished colleagues to learn from, culture of entrepreneurship that pushes accountability and opportunity down into the organization, you are truly a master/mistress of your own destiny here -- lots of ability to move across teams and take on very different challenges, leadership principles are really good training on how to be an effective leader
So many opportunities no matter your interest- competitive yet collaborative atmosphere and opportunity to stretch and do projects as you please.
Fast moving and innovative, there is great opportunity to advance skills and career.
Endless opportunities to work on interesting, cutting-edge projects. Tons of autonomy, ownership, and decision-making responsibilities given to even the youngest employees. Ability to change jobs frequently without having previous industry experience.
+ Solve world class problems + Unprecedented scale and speed of decision making + Great career growth opportunities + Ability come up with and new drive initiatives
- Entrepreneurial spirit - Talented associates - Ability to transition throughout the company - Compensation - Vacation
- Entrepreneurial spirit - Talented associates - Ability to transition throughout the company - Compensation - Vacation
What an amazing ride this has been! The culture is great, the people are awesome, and the job has been very rewarding! I couldn't have made a better decision!
* Great people building some really cool stuff * Encouraged to keep thinking bigger all the time * You can generally work how you want to work
Flexible hours, Positive attitude, Customer obsessed company, Great time
I've never been so challenged in my professional career. The pace is break-neck speed. There is no time for politics. Everyone is intelligent and hungry to deliver results. Transparency and brutal honesty are the norm: This is refreshing for me coming from stuffy corporate environments full of back-biting and politics.
Real ownership over your work statement. New exciting challenges every day. Daily work connects to real value delivered to Amazon customers all over the world.
Like all jobs, whether you enjoy it or not depends on your specific team.  I've been very fortunate to be in a team full of amazing people who are very welcoming and supporting. My manager schedules weekly one-on-ones with every team member, and we constantly talk about ways we can improve/career opportunities at work.  It's also very easy to talk to senior management, as almost everyone is open to hearing you out if you have comments. This was definitely one thing I loved about Amazon culture. As a fresh grad surrounded by 30-some year olds who have way more work experience than I do, I loved that they treated me as an equal and never looked down on any of my input.
1) One of the best learning experience in the industry 2) The company is very welcoming if you want to change your current role, function, line of business and do something that you feel will suit you better. Very easy transition. Thus, enhanced learning. 3) Amazing relocation package 4) Compensation and benefits are pretty competitive 5) Very collaborative, you can reach out to people from other team for help, escalations are pretty smooth if you don't get responses
Culture- From the moment you walk in any of Amazon's buildings around the world you are instantly steeped in a peculiar culture, that is to say the culture is not that of many other corporations in the country. We put the customer first, whether that is an internal or external customer. The difference is palpable.  Core Values- Our guiding principles empower every employee from the lowest to highest seniority to make positive change by delighting our customers, solving problems, proactively addressing customer pain points, and innovating the online and offline experience.  Opportunity- Once in the company you not only have opportunities to advance and learn more of the business, it is expected and encouraged.  Variety- Every day provides a new challenge to overcome. If you thrive on never doing the same thing too frequently this is the place to be.  Benefits- The entire benefits package is phenomenal and that includes on of the best health insurance packages I've experienced out of all my employment history.
good culture , nice people, agile style work
working with wickedly smart people. Learning everyday and pushing the boundaries. There is definitely more work than what you one can do. It is boht a challenge and opporunity.
Exciting company that is always innovating and is on the cutting edge of technology. Always exciting projects to work on and be a part of.
Growth and innovation Constant learning Compensation and benefits
Amazon is a place to do innovation and run down your ideas to provide exceptional customer service in the competitive market. Whether you are a developer, manager, or any other position, you would always find yourself thinking outside of the box and working backward from customer. You will get challenged and learn so much that you would never find such an experience from any other company. Simply, being Amazonian is a place to bring down your brainstorm to a unique customer solution. In short, as slogan say - Work hard, have fun, make history.
Amazon strives for innovation, and in doing so is a champion of good ideas. The management / organization structure is pretty flat, as a younger employee I feel that I can express my opinions and ideas in front of higher ups and that they will respect my position. Amazon has great policies about career development, and moving internally within the company is incredibly easy.
+ Working with the best and brightest + Contributing to the development of cutting-edge technology + Lots of responsibility / ownership
Exciting opportunities around every corner, around the world Great health-care benefits Company is truly customer-centric
Amazon is an amazing place to work if you like being surrounded by really smart and motivated people. You will work hard, but the work is very rewarding. You will be challenged to defend your ideas, but the culture is direct and not passive-aggressive like many big companies.
Amazon is growing fast. This allows any employee to find their own path, join a team they are interested in and work on many exciting projects. It's truly a self-serve company and you can get as much (or as little) as you want.
Great company to work for. Always dealing with top people in their field focused on creating new customer experiences.
people, benefits, fast paced, job security
I am constantly challenged and learn new things everyday. I am surrounded by smart, hard-working people and have built great relationships with colleagues, managers, stakeholders and mentors. Everyone has the opportunity to pivot their role into what they want it to be, but if they can't, the option to transfer is always there (and even encouraged). I love the white paper culture because I'm not a strong presented, but it still gives me the opportunity to have a voice and push my ideas forward. There is also a clear path to promotion, which I think limits nepotism and favoritism. There are a lot of networking/training events that are lots of fun to attend too. Oh, and dogs in the office!
- Very dynamic and entrepreneurial company. - Amazon years are dog years in terms of learning and experience. - Ability to shift roles and career direction through internal mobility. - Great principles which guide the internal process of the company. - Truly customer oriented (working backwards from the customer).
I enjoy working at Amazon for multiple reasons: -The people are highly skilled and highly motivated -The leadership principles are embedded in the culture, they are not just a poster on the wall -For my current role, the company was willing to take a chance on someone with minimal relevant experience, which is an indicator that the company is willing to think outside the box -Lots of opportunities for career growth, even if your area of interest is not obviously in your current career trajectory -Management is engaged in the development of people -Fun place to work -Amazon has received some negative press about the work environment. From my experience, the work environment has always been positive and constructive -The workforce is very diverse which means people from many different backgrounds and perspectives are represented -Flexible schedules: flexible start time/end time and, depending on the team, working from home one day per week -The company wants you to voice your opinion, even if you disagree with your manager and the consensus view. This relates to the leadership principle Have Backbone, Disagree and Commit -Managers are open to feedback from direct reports which is not the way at all other companies -Data is king. Your views will gain traction if you have data, or a sound argument if data is not available/possible -Caveat to work/life balance rating below: I think most people on my team would give a similar rating but I know of people on other teams who have different experiences
At Amazon there are many great opportunities to work on exciting projects and teams, and there is a great deal of flexibility as far as team movement is concerned if you find yourself on an unexciting project or an unideal team.
Amazon is tackling lots of interesting problems. Small teams are empowered to develop and implement solutions. I don't feel the 'must do it this way' top down direction I have seen in other workplaces.  Openness to staff moving between internal roles is great for career development and allows people to pursue new interests without having to quit and find another job.  Company values are embedded into day to day work.  It's fun to come to work, engage in solving challenging problems and build the solutions.
Career advancement Great benifits Best support network Thirst for knowledge Culturally sound
Salary, RSUs, benefits, big problems to solve, talented co-workers, good work-life balance
Love my team - they're smart, collaborative and kind. That's not to say we won't disagree and commit, but we do it with respect. Work life balance is much better than my past life (agency and other retailers). Love that Amazon gives back to the community in so many ways. I care immensely about working for a company that lives its culture - that's Amazon, more than any other company I've worked for.
Innovative workplace where things happen fast! People are effective, efficient, intelligent, and calculated. Communication is direct and we are always moving forward.
This is the most dynamic workplace I've ever worked at. The people are all top caliber and everyone is really dedicated to what you do. I started as a contractor and was converted to a full time employee, so I really like that they didn't string me along like Microsoft did where I was a vendor for over three years. I also really enjoy the fact that changes that you suggest actually happen and that the environment is very fast paced. The processes I deal with on a day to day basis I helped rewrite from the ground up and its been super satisfying to seeing change unfold in a meaningful way and being allowed to shape it. I personally have a really great work life balance too and my boss has been very understanding while my wife has struggled with some health issues and I am deeply appreciative of that as well.
We've all heard the stories of people crying at their desks, but I've yet to meet anyone at Amazon that has experienced anything of the sort. I love it. It's challenging, but I've been rewarded. I work an adjusted schedule that gets me home in time to enjoy after school activities with my kids. Like any large corporation Amazon has guiding principles, but in Amazon's case these are much more deeply ingrained than any company I've worked at before (including other A list tech companies). Read them. That being said, it will always come down to the team you're on. I happen to be on an amazing one, so perhaps there are worse out there. While I'm certainly not the guy that would win the lottery and keep going to work, I actually look forward to heading in most days. There are also plenty of opportunities to move amongst teams at Amazon.
4 day work week. Top notch benefits. Ample PTO and Vacation time except during peak. I started as a PT manager and moved to FT within months. Opportunities to travel and work other sites in different locations in the US. Great managers and peers. Can be a very demanding job mentally and physically if you are working in an FC, but a rewarding payoff in the end!
Great training, they do a lot to help you answer ppl questoins
Talented HR professionals and teams you get to work with is the best I've been around!
+ Meaningful work +Growth among peers +Team Environment +Feedback Oriented +Developmental Opportunities if you chase it +Self Service environment
Amazon rules. Every day you have opportunities to invent, discover, grown, learn, fail, and repeat. If you've ever been in a high performing or fast growing company, it'll feel familiar, whether it was a start up or a Fortune 500 (founded/worked in both). Amazon may not necessarily be for the weak or fainthearted, but that's not you, is it?
Performance culture, fast promotions, meritocracy, good people, fast paced, can live anywhere in the US and world, great pay
This is an awesome company with unlimited career advancement. You are doing yourself a disservice by not working for Amazon.
Many PTO, Good benefit
They'll hire anyone to work the floor. No dress code.
My teammates are smart, interesting, and nice. I joined straight out of college, and a lot of my teammates were much older (with kids), but we have gotten along great. I'm proud to call them my teammates in the office, and some of us spend time together outside of work as well.
I work as a Solutions Architect for Amazon Web Services. This has been an amazing opportunity for me. I help customers on a daily basis to make positive changes for their businesses. For many companies the 'Core Values' are something on a web page, at Amazon, we live the Leadership Principles, especially rule #1 Customer Obsession.  I have worked for AWS for a year and a half, the job is never boring. New services are constantly coming out, so there is always something new and interesting to learn and play with. Every customer is different so your skills will spread.  Culture in the office I work at is amazing. Everyone is ready and willing to help you, or point you in the right direction. The two managers I have reported to have been some of theist in my career. (Especially since they both did the job before they managed the job.) I've not had a single bit of negative feedback that wasn't reverent and useful.  On a personal more personal note, there have been two instances, a family emergency and a family tragedy in my time working for Amazon. In both cases my team supported me 100%.  The job is what you make of it. If you challenge yourself to constantly improve this is the place for you. After a year and a half, it may not seem like it's still 'Day 1' thankfully... but maybe Month 1.  Would I recommend the job? Absolutely, and I have several times.
-You work with incredibly smart people -You work on solving big, hairy, complex problems -You are a true owner over your work -There are endless opportunities to switch roles or advance your career -Amazing benefits (parental leave, healthcare options, vacation, etc.)
Innovation, freedom to expand, tons of potential
The white paper culture is a great challenge for developing better communication skills.
1) High Velocity Growth 2) Seemingly Endless Opportunity 3) Casual Work Environment (office) 4) Competitive Pay 5) Company fosters and appreciates new ideas and ways of doing things
Fascinating, stimulating environment. Supportive, driven people. Mature behavior. Very high level of self-determination. Great career mobility opportunities. Surprising amount of support for work/life balance.
- Incredibly interesting & fast paced - Innovation at it's best - Full ownership opportunities and autonomy - Great campus and lots of small, curated working spaces - Open dog enviornment - Casual dress and culture - Competitive pay & total compensation
In my 1.5 years at Amazon, I have worked on two different teams (regular rotation a major pro in itself), and I have had a great experience on one team and a less than great on another team. Overall, its cool to work for an innovative company that's working on genuinely interesting projects.
Fascinating, stimulating environment. Supportive, driven people. Mature behavior. Very high level of self-determination. Great career mobility opportunities. Surprising amount of support for work/life balance.
- Incredibly interesting & fast paced - Innovation at it's best - Full ownership opportunities and autonomy - Great campus and lots of small, curated working spaces - Open dog enviornment - Casual dress and culture - Competitive pay & total compensation
In my 1.5 years at Amazon, I have worked on two different teams (regular rotation a major pro in itself), and I have had a great experience on one team and a less than great on another team. Overall, its cool to work for an innovative company that's working on genuinely interesting projects.
Amazon is innovation company. They always open for new ideas and drive for the best.
Amazon is a good company to work for The benefits are decent Many opportunities for professional development and growth
By far the best reason to work here is the fast-paced, exciting work you get to do. You really do get to own massive, impactful projects right from the get go... its not just a marketing stunt to attract talent. People here are insanely smart. You'll learn a ton. Your skills will grow exponentially.
World wide most customer centric company
Customer Obsession: we take CO to a whole new level. I love that we start with the customer in mind and work backwards. This can be a mind shift for some people, but it's easily adaptable. Leadership Principles: You will live and breath Amazon's LP's and they become ingrained in how you talk and how you work. Culture: I love Amazon's culture. It's laid back, there is no formal dress code, and you can bring your dog to work! Ownership: you are a true owner in the work that you do and it does affect the bottom line. You will work hard getting there, but it's worth it.
Love to work surrounded by very smart people. Evey single day I learn something new and it's exciting!
You can learn a lot here and nice pay.
Good complex projects. Tremendous learning. Very capable engineers. Opportunity to build at a global scale that impacts millions of customers. Ability to switch teams easily (this is a relatively new process) is a step towards retaining talent.
I love the ability to work like an owner and solve challenges through experiments...sometimes you have success and sometimes you fail. It is the failure that I learn most from. There is comfort in knowing that I can leverage those learnings in the next experiment. I also love that we are always putting the customer first!
-immediately given a tone of responsibility and you're able to feel the impact of your work quickly. Micro-managers are hard to find -incredibly smart people to work along side -very collaborative -driven by our leadership principles -you can move roles quickly (1.5-2 years) and are encouraged to seek out new parts of Amazon
4 days 10 hour shift.
Great benefits from the first day of full time employment. Stock options after two years of employment. Monthly bonus for just going to work. The 401 k is matched at 4% .
Great people to work with Fast paced environment Innovative people around you
At Amazon they really encourage employees to think differently and challenge the status quo to find the best outcomes for our customers. It does not matter what section of Amazon you are in, they encourage you to learn about all of Amazon. I feel empowered to make an impact for my customers and love the overall direction of Amazon.
1- a great diverse company 2- supporting new ideas, innovation and think Big 3-the most customer centric organization. they are seeking investment through customer satisfaction and loyalty
Amazing work place. Lots of learning and growth.
People are all really smart and quirky. They love solving the toughest problems in the most efficient way and hoping to change the world while they're at it.
- Work with the brightest minds in engineering - Opportunity to experience disruptive technology innovations first hand - Experience ownership. You are the product owner - Accelerated career growth and constantly challenging work scope
here, you truly drive your own career. The sky is not the limit, there is no limit. You are given ample ownership to innovate and help drive the future
Great company, excellent compensation/benefits, smart people. As long as you put a lot of effort and get work done, you have a nice work-life balance. Management protects Engineers by discouraging overtime.  Agile/Scrum principles are fully adopted. Code reviews are mandated, and helpful. Data security is taken very seriously. Tons of reliable internal tools that make a developer's life easier.  Stock options are another reason to stay. There is a LOT of room to grow for the company. Employee career development is encouraged, with promotion opportunities for effort. Teams outing activities and hackathons help build relationships.
Fantastic team. Pay is more than fair. Amazon is a true meritocracy.
- Learning opportunities - Good pay - True ownership - Making huge impact - Amazon brand
Autonomy, start up environment, ability to innovate
Awesome technologies Very smart people Fast pace - Agile Very cool problems to solve everyday in terms of cloud computing and scalability Very flexible switching groups policy - internal process is amazing for this.
Amazon cares about its employees. There is an environment where you can succeed no mater your age, race, gender etc.. I'm living proof as I started my career here at age 58. You are free to challenge traditional thinking and win! If you like working at a fast pace with an ever-changing landscape where you can make a difference, this is the place for you!
- Super Fast paced environment that helps us to learn a tonne in a short span of time. - The Pride in working for one of the Biggest companies in the World. - Highly knowledgeable to Highly Skilled Peers from whom you can learn a Lot
I really enjoy working at Amazon. There was concern reading about the work life balance before I joined nearly 5 years ago, but I have never had that issue. Especially in Sales. Great group of people. Also, the pay is fantastic.
Work with brand new technology, surrounded by brilliant minds who are often eager to share their knowledge. Amazon is a place where anyone with a good idea can go out and implement it. The majority of employees seem to be focused on finding innovative solutions, instead of roadblocking change.
Amazon takes care of their employees. They make working there fun and I really enjoy the people that I work with. Amazon is known to hire the best, and it really shows in the hard work and dedication most employees have.
1. Loads of learning opportunities. 2. If you are not happy with your current team, if you are not getting new opportunities to learn/not getting new challenges, you always have the freedom to move to another teams.Amazon is like a bunch of start-ups, there are many new teams and you can apply in another team where you can learn new technologies. 3. The company is driven by the 14 leadership principles, which make you a complete professional and will help you be a better version of yourself everyday.
I get to know exactly how to make decisions, thanks to the clear leadership principles. If I am in doubt, just follow them. No one can argue with you on following the leadership principles.  Great managers for me so far. Great compensation. Great stock options. Great Healthcare.  I love the downtown city campus.  Great work-life balance.  I work on relativly cool stuff. My work affects millions.
1. Most popular tools you would use. 2. Many different types of jobs you can choose. 3. Smart people you can work with and they are willing to help you with good assistence.
– You work amongst some of the smartest people you will ever meet. – Hours are fine and flexible if you have a close knit team. If you get the work done, then time is not an issue of when you leave or come into work. – Many of workshops and events to keep the staff happy – A number of people is unreal. There are so many side communities you can join that is to your interest. – Work is always challenging and keeps you on the ball – Salary is generous and expected from a large tech company. – Stocks are great on signing. And they keep going up so get in quick!
The pros for me is that it is a flexible environment. You really have the power to make of it what you want. You set your expectations.
Always Creative, Ideas are encouraged and any change is welcome. Work directly impacts lots of real customers
flexible working time slot, and good working environment, team event, snack, everything is dreamy!
You got all resources you need for continuously growing and career development
Always Creative, Ideas are encouraged and any change is welcome. Work directly impacts lots of real customers
flexible working time slot, and good working environment, team event, snack, everything is dreamy!
You got all resources you need for continuously growing and career development
- Lots of mobility - No one expects you to work after hours (unless you're oncall) and your time is strictly your own - Distinct (and awesome) lack of bro-culture
Product managers have the opportunity to influence senior management in a way I've never seen at other big companies -- this is really the #1 big company to be a non-technical product manager at.
Feel like my input is valued No micromanagement Flexible hours Dog friendly
Good working environment, a lot to learn, competitive environment
excellent company and great opportunity to grown
You're giving autonomy and responsibility, lots of learning opportunity, opportunity to rotate, good pay, fast-paced environment
--Creating, innovating, and inventing are highly encouraged and supported --A reasonable amount of time off and/or somewhat flexible hours (SOME groups) --Conferences, videos, trainings to help further your career --Fun events, such as company picnic, concerts, and film screenings --Dogs! --Relocation packages (for some positions) --Located all around the world --Transportation passes
Innovation - Get to be part of a great company that's continuously innovating Growth - Company is growing at a rapid pace Opportunities - With growth comes much opportunity to expand your skill set Excitement - With the rapid pace of how we work, you are always learning and never have a chance to get bored Work Life Balance - You are encouraged to own your own work life balance. Since work is so plentiful, you will have to pull yourself away but you own your own time off.
Great compensation and amazing opportunities!
Tons of opportunities to take ownership and lead initiatives. Many dedicated individuals that work hard to deliver results
Challenging work and amazing colleagues. Its blends the fun of working in a start up with benefits of a large company.
Excellent benefits, great people and environment
Highly competitive and learning environment. No micro management. Great colleagues. many opportunities for trainings.
Amazon is an amazing place to work. The company is constantly growing furthering career security. Full time employees get amazing benefits, Time off, and other perks. If you work hard you will go very far as they try to promote from within. The work can be challenging but if you're like me the challenge is always rewarding. Most shifts are four 10 hour days allowing you a solid three days to recharge and relax.
Very interesting and challenging work, I love coming to work every day. Hours are extremely flexible as long as you're getting your work done. Expectations are high but everyone is super smart and helpful so there are a lot of opportunities for mentorship by senior engineers.
very diverse company great atmosphere coworkers are great pay and incentives make you want to stick around
Good team work for employees
Get to work on bleeding edge technology in cloud computing. One of best innovative work place I have been part of with incredible talent pool. As a TAM I'm in a unique position to work through numerous complex architectures for different customers at the same time.
You will work with some of the smartest and energetic people so you will also learn a lot. You will continuously push your boundary to perform better. You can keep your skill sets updated by working on cutting edge technology.
- Data driven culture - Strong emphasis on writing & communication
Great opportunities and Great Management
Over time pay. They don’t interview you. Can transfer to other facilities if you don’t have any write ups after 90 days.
Employees are great. You will like the people.
There are lots of good people working hard to make a living
Nice benefits upt, pto vacation
This is specifically for Alexa Shopping org Amazon is a great company. The peculiar culture is amazing. Alexa Shopping is a great place if you want to work for Amazon, experience retail and not be in heat of Alexa or AWS. People do get promoted here, but the culture might not be enjoyable for everyone. Team is growing exponentially.
Predictable schedules, easy money through overtime.
AWS is one of the best places in tech industry where you can currently be, as the quality and scale of work which you do here is great.
* Things happen quickly. Very distributed org/teams/products * Everyone is an owner with freedom to own and invent * Full of opportunities to work on exciting projects/new technologies, making a big impact and growing career quickly (as long as you want to)
Ownership, Plenty of tools to use, High Standards, Lot of initiatives & Survey to get feedback.
Innovative, exciting, lots of smart people, challenging.
Great culture, challenging work, limitless, not a lot of hoops to jump through, everyone has a voice... it's really what you make it out to be. If you join a group that you're not clicking with, it's easy to move around in the company.
time is flexible, can learn much of this area
There's enough room and autonomy here at Amazon to take hold of your own career like never before.
A pretty good part-time job for a full-time student
Amazon gives its employees a huge amount of ownership. There is freedom in how one approaches problems. There is a lot of growth opportunities within the company. The pay is decent.
The pay is good and you get multiple breaks during the day, get to meet tons of different people, as a stower you're in one place for most of the day ...so if you don't like constantly moving it's the position for you
The pay is good and you get multiple breaks during the day, get to meet tons of different people, as a stower you're in one place for most of the day ...so if you don't like constantly moving it's the position for you
3 Days off, busy, friendly atmosphere, room for growth, medical insurance day 1
The pay is good, and the benefits are even better. Vacation pay is also a huge plus as well too.
there is a lot of freedom in the form of taking your scheduled 15 minute break without having to clock-in, or clock-out, the bonuses are great (during the holiday season only), there is a lot of overtime (although it is mandatory), you receive paid time off quarterly, as well as non-paid time off, the break room has multiple televisions, and even video game consoles (although it is unlikely unless you are off work and it is during another shift, that you will find the system available). If you stay 3 months, you will lose at least 15-25 lbs. If you are a productive worker, you are featured on a competitive "score-board".
It is ok I like it
Warehouse IT, Good Environment Great Co Workers.
Great benefits and enjoyed working with my coworkers
-Autonomy. -Decent pay -Lots of (unpaid) time off -Decent managers/supervisors -The "Hub".
it is really fun to work
Sign on bonus, shares, benefits, the culture, everything is great. You have to be prepared to work hard however, everyone at Amazon has great work ethic. Highly recommend if you want more than a job.
They encourage you to share any feedback on what you think should be changed within the company and they act on it with a certain level of votes asap. They make you feel important within the company like you should.
insurance, stable hours, pay is above minimum wage
benefits set scheduled pay is good 10 hours shift employees very friendly
Lots of career opportunities, decent pay, company growth
Upward mobility for the right people, paychecks were nice but middle of the pack - by design.
Pay is decent Benefits on the first day
Excellent 401k contribution matching and profit sharing, a very high retention of support employees. Awards employees with their yearly employee christmas party and various activities throughout the year.
Amazon is in so many businesses that you can build career in anything from internet, retail, supply chain, cloud services, robotics and even groceries
Fun event planning, social media management, working in a team, completing work in your own hours
really face paced and customer oriented, want to invest and invest smartly, which is good for skillset
The hours are flexible, the pay is great considering the amount of actual work you do, vision, dental, life & AD&D insurance after 90days. 10% discount on Amazon. Friendly staff, they give away tons of shirts and different swag. Random grill out days, tons of hours during peak, working for a company on the edge of doing more amazing things!!!
The environment is very friendly.
Give lots of tools to help support customers
Good pay and opportunity to grow in the company
It is ok I like it
There are so many opportunities such as gaining or managing your own attendance with variety of benefits , career choices sponsored or reimbursed by Amazon, and also a name of few is getting to work a little more extra than your assigned hours every shift per usual. You can only win at Amazon and elevate your status depending on your humbleness thriving to go beyond
Fun place to work and learn
You work among the smartest people in the world. You learn a ton. The signing bonus is great and uncommon. They allow dogs at work (if you like that). They have free concerts and visits from authors, sports players, celebrities. You have Amazon on your resume. You can work from home sometimes.
You can bring your dog to work
looks good on your resume, get to know the ins and outs of working at a warehouse, meet some cool people.
They have an amazing staff of people to help you every step of the way. They have great compensation and upward growth potential.
The company gives Good Pay (more than minimum wage for associates) The benefits are outstanding. Steady Hours through out the year but peak season gets busy (Understandably)
Pay is nice, and when Irma hit we had 3 days off that were paid for. Most people there that aren't management are pretty ok and there's free coffee and hot cocoa in some of the break rooms I guess. They will hire literally anyone with a pulse and 2 brain cells.
The pay rate for me was 13.50 hrly because I worked night shifts (only shift available at the time)
Weekly pay - no interview required
great people to work with
good salary good benefits good opportunities poajsd qwq´w qwepe
Autonomy and ability to find interesting products
Excellent time off and benefits package.
I applied online and got hired immediately it was a direct hire hiring event no interview just orientation about the job they let you pick your schedule but they place you in your position.. Basically it's a good job if you're full time for me the benefits were amazing because I'm out of state and I recently moved to the east coast so I didn't have to worry with their benefits package and the pay was good if you're willingness to work there's overtime like crazy and voluntary time off that doesn't affect your points good pay . Given the high turnover rate and volume of employees if you want to be recognized you need to make initiative to get to know. Management.
Great benefits and lots of chances to earn gift cards if you work overtime and they provide food during special occasions at the facility I worked at in haslet.
Great benefits. Meet lot's of cool people. Nice break room. Air condition work environment. Lots of technology to experience that most have only seen on Tv.
the pros to amazon is the benifits.
great benefits: paid time off, unpaid time off, career choice program, classes for people looking to move up in the hierarchy, all the overtime you want, stock shares.
Challenging work. You learn a lot
Great Pay, Great Employees, Great Atmosphere
Looks good on my resume.
Take Charge, No one really is your boss, managers threaten things but have zero power
The pay rate for me was 13.50 hrly because I worked night shifts (only shift available at the time)
Four day work with the ability to leave whenever needed if you have time to use. Meet a lot of local people and enjoy most of management
I Love My Job so so Much!
learned a lot while working there
Great starting pay, benefits and lenient time off options as well as career advancement.
Compensation. Location. Environment is so stressful that you find good friends among your peers.
The Benefits that are offered from day 1 are amazing!
pay is the only thing I can thing of
None. None. None. None. None.
Great place to work so far.. I work an overnight shift Thur-Sat at 12 hours per shift. I was there for one week and advanced as to a problem solver position with the same pay, but progress is available moving forward. So far management has treated me with respect and answered any questions that i have had. The work can be redundant, but the benefits are amazing. And the pay is good for the work.
It was great working from my own home. Manager was nice.
If you have a degree or plan on working at Amazon for multiple years, this is a great place to work. The benefits are out out of this world.
The pay is good for what the job is.
Good working conditions not to hot in summer.
Easy (yet very physical) work, but still demanding from management.
The benefits amd career choice.
good pay, good housing , good ppl
Flexible hours great if you in school
THE MANAGEMET SUCKS! Application process easy, job isn't even so bad (Warehouse). resources, equipment, and tools to do the job effectively are the best I seen!
plenty of work great personality and great staff good benefits
Endless opportunities to contribute to a fast-paced and challenging work environment. A great company to work for!
Customer obsession and Bias for action.
Ambitious Yet Achievable Goals Strong focus on Doing What is Right for the Customer over any other secondary considerations. Work-Life Balance (my building is a ghost town at 8pm)
Lots of room for growth. Lots of one on one development opportunities. fast paced, ever changing work environment. Great place to work for passionate leaders.
You can learn a lot if you luck yourself on to a good team and a lot of other companies think Amazon on your resume makes you extremely desirable.
Great place to work if u love fast pace jobs
Good experience, builds your confidence. Little wins, big challenges daily
Working 4hrs 5 days a week
Leadership principles that are clearly defined and applied at all levels of the organization. The best and brightest leaders that I have ever worked with challenging others to grow, mature and achieve more every day!
You get good benefits. The work is interesting. There is no reason to get bored at work. You have perks as a student working there.
Good pay, friendly co-workers, fun atmosphere
Employees are treated well and HR is great
Lot of different areas you can work. Software frameworks, AI, ML, MicroServices
You can Select your hours Pay and half on holidays 10% Discont on any Amazon services
The benefits are really great here. Great mix of people.
Medical benefits are about all that I can come up with.
Good culture. You will never be called names or made fun of for being who you are. Time off is given to certain positions.
dont have to worry about not getting overtime
Best to work as a seasonal employee for the holiday season, less chance of a burn out if you do. Great benefits. Unpaid time off can be quickly accumulated.
Great environment. Inviting, respecting (for the most part). I work in one of their top call centers world wide and though I haven't had but a handful of jobs, this is the best job I've had and my second time working here.
Good exercise for a part time scanner
pays well, friendly supervisors, always giving out free stuff
Amazon is very true to its leadership principals
Flexible Schedule can be used as a second job
Work from home plenty of hours They provide equipment and training
Great stock program for employees
Great people to work with.
Great pay and benefits. Lots of opportunities to travel and relocate.
This job is great for people who require a little flexibility in there schedule
Great benefits,Lots of PTO, 3 days off.
- Able to move team, job roles and try something new - Able to move to different countries or cities - Work with some of the most talented people in the industry
Three day weekends, lots of volunteer time off.
- Pretty good side job - Water stations around the warehouse - 15 min break & 30 min lunch
fast paced development, use of modern technologies
The job has very little entry requirements, it is easy to do, and pays relatively well for the work required.
nice people and work conditions
Very easy job, just do what you need to do and you will be fine!
Easy work Work independently Consistent pay Benefits No formal job interview Possible room for promotion within the company Great attendance system
Shift flies by and there is overtime.
None. I couldn't even try to come up with pros.
There is always something available to keep you busy.
Ownership over your own work with little micro managing
3 Days off a week, benefits, paid holidays, everything's new. Management is a good assortment of knowledge and personalities, always approachable.
Good pay and benefits. Good work environment.
Great benefits and recognition of hard work
Good only but more work
Benefits was amazing and the shifts splits was good as well
Everyone feels like a team member, obtainable core values, excellent advancement opportunities and customer obsession.
Best physical workout you will ever have in your life (outside of being a bodybuilder )
- They give training - Everyone is willing to help you anytime you need it - Rarely asked to work late
Work at home, flexible, decent pay
You get to move around a lot, and work alone most of the time, the pay is pretty good and benefits are not bad. Management is good and easy to talk to and appreciative you your work. Its possible to work up to 29 hours a week as a part time employee, if you take extra shifts via their online site.
Great Pay and benefits if you're willing to put in the hard work.
Decent pay, Three days off a week.
Flexible work schedule with the launch of shift choice.
great place to work and amazing
Nice environment Climate Controlled Laid Back Friendly Employer and Co-Workers
Benefits, Time off, recognition for hard work, monthly bonus, RSUs (stock), overtime, good atmosphere, room for advancement, growth,
Benefits as soon as you start
Customer is the whole focus and you can make your own way.
Stable job, lots of overtime before Christmas, good benefits
Free working by yourself, air conditioning
A paycheck that is it.
It was heavy boxes I loved working with the people
Great management, awesome pay, good benefits.
Yall are the best. Nothing is better. Love you a lot.
Good salary that makes you want to keep working because houses are expensive in Seattle. Amazon is a fast pace
I work in ICQA, which is Inventory Control Quality Assurance. I love my job because this department has numerous paths, which I am an Ambassador, Problem Solver, Auditor, Counter, and a Damage Processor. I love being able to navigate and be called on for any duty within my department. I have also had the opportunity to pack, hand slam, and gift wrap when needed, which I enjoyed as well
Good pay and nice culture
Good benefits, health insurance, discounts
Exciting place to work, ever changing day to day, can be rewarding with a high degree of effort.
Fascinating company, opportunity to grow, fun workplace
Great opportunities and good work culture
Straightforward training, safety oriented & consistent pace
Excellent leadership opportunity and growth.
Always looking for the next great idea.
Excellent Benefits Good Pay for an Out-of-College Job Diverse Associate Base Management Can be Great (Variable) Learn Many Skills Very Quickly
You can wear comfortable clothing. Co-workers are nice. Company giveaways. OT during peak. Benefits start 1st day.
Lots of room for growth, elite co-workers, you get to work on cool products
Friendly customer service atmosphere hard workinh
Great hours and very flexible
- lives up to the self-proclaimed "peculiar" place to work, in a good way - growth opportunities - high expectations - surrounded by smart people, every day
Great place to work at had to stop working because I had to finish school or else I would have continue working there I liked it
Amazon is the best working place, it has all the benefits that I was looking for life insurance for my family if something happens to me they don't need to worry. the job isn't hard i think its just the ling hours but it's good I work 4 days 10 hrs shift off 3 days unless we have overtime. The jobs is not for everybody especially if you can't be without your phone..no phones on floor at all. so if you snowed in that can't be without it this job might not be for you.
Get to set your own schedule. The warehouse managers are pretty nice.
The only benefits to working for this warehouse was the pay and benefits.
Good pay rate and pays weekly
fast paced environment with plenty of learning opportunities
Generally positive and fast paces environment. Good benefits compared to similar jobs elsewhere. Generally good job satisfaction and opportunities to advance.
I stay busy without a doubt. Coworkers it depends pretty chill. Management it's alright
I learned more and did more in my first year at Amazon than I had in the last four years at my previous company. I felt like I was really contributing to something worth doing. One of my managers was excellent - he worked hard to protect us from bureaucracy and truly cared about our well-being.  We really believe and strive to practice the leadership principles. They aren't just empty corporate BS. A junior engineer can speak up for customer obsession or frugality and be heard in a room full of senior management. The LPs are genuinely empowering.
The company isn't going anywhere so no chance of getting laid off. I can wear whatever I want to work which is something I never expected to appreciate as much as I do. The pay is good and benefits are competitive. I like the people I work with.
If you work hard without supervision, you can count on being put into indirect functions, where your (scan/stow/receive/pick/pack) rate is not scrutinized. Lots of opportunities for overtime, benefits, (Medical, VCP, RSUs, career training, tuition assistance)
Decent pay: Not close the best, but far from the worst. Great benefits: Very good insurance choices, and choices being the key word. We have multiple options to choose from, not just a single plan that is take it or leave it. We get stock grants yearly. Vision, dental, life insurance as well. I get to be part of one of the biggest companies in the world.
I had a really good leader and some other great people to work with. While it's not suited for a career, you can make some good money during the Peak season, which a lot of people with other full time jobs do
benefits schedule is always the same
Stock - if you survive
They are always hiring. There is almost always opportunity for over time. When you manage to get hired on the benefits aren't all that bad.
Quality work, small teams, good learning experience
Pay, benefits and career opportunities.
The stock. Oh and you get an Orca pass for transit, woohoo. Secure bike parking in most buildings, plus lockers and showers.
Benefits, okay Pay, room to grow
Benefits are great for medical and dental. Stock is enjoyable if you're offered them with each review. Flex hours and sometimes free food. Mentoring opportunities. Used to have employee discount on Amazon.com.
Starting wage exceeds minimum wage.
great company and great associates
great pay and nice hours
Great workplace, I have been working at amazon for approximately 1 month and I love it. I feel that Amazon genuinely cares about their employees and making sure they get home safely. Even though it is a fast pace workplace environment I do not feel that the managers are trying to rush everyone to work faster. I also like that all of the managers are very understanding, if you make a mistake they work to make sure you don't make it again they do not punish you for making one.
Plenty of intern-specific events, nice accommodations (helpful when moving elsewhere), nice employees in general.
low price house, high paid intern
Great company to work for, paid time off and vacation time. Get to work at home! Pay is above average for this type of work.
You'll meet a few good managers and they will mean the world to you. The company does do some really fun events for their employees and families which I always appreciate.
Room to grow and advance
They put in a shift choice program where you can choose your own schedule
Work isn't too hard and there are plenty of hours and benefits and lots of chances for overtime
Good Career advancement, and 4 day work weeks.
Good benefits and good money
Great people, freedom to try something new without a lot of red tape.
1. Impact that your work has 2. Experience of working in a big company 3. Opportunity to work on cool things Amazon via internal transfer
Smart people, brand recognition, innovation, global, empowering.
Very flexible with schedules since you manage it yourself. I did learn my true physical capabilities and tolerance to extreme heat
Amazon values their employees. Leadership principles actually mean something. It's exciting to be a part of one of the biggest tech companies in the world. Working with global physical security is challenging and rewarding.
Amazon is a huge company with lots of opportunities to work on cool stuff - and the pay is very good
They take care of their employees, offer great benefits, and there are a diversity of people.
Benefits paid time off paid vacation
its great pay and benefits!!!
Latest technologies are used in here
great company and great associates
Pay is good not great why I say that because not far from my house is new York they pay 15 hr to start if you can put up as a pin ba
There are really smart people at amazon, and we're the leader in Cloud Services. Every day is challenging and I'm constantly learning. I get to build and deliver awesome solutions to problems.
Great company to work for, paid time off and vacation time. Get to work at home! Pay is above average for this type of work.
Great benefits, much opportunity for overtime during peak, satisfying work. Take safety very seriously, concerned about your well being and always has associates complete surveys.
Interesting work, smart people, great peers to work with
Awesome customer obsession Great technical depth on a scale beyond imagination Learned the best practices right before the legendary people left the team
You get exposure to working with a top ranked tech company. They have some cool tech to recruit for that gets engineers excited.
friendly environment . ambassadors help out when needed
works great with accommodated schedules
Time off(20 hours unpaid time added to each quarter, PTO, Vacation, Personal and other leaves of absence), flexible schedule
Good pay and benefits plus the stock options are great
Room to grow and advance
You can have a massive impact.
great pay, great working environment
Amazon has great benefits. Great pay
If you're looking to get into shape - this is a great place to do that between walking up and down stairs at an extremely fast pace as well as constant walking / lifting / bending / kneeling etc.
The pay is great stuff
Rich experience on dealing with people
Fun and nice people to be around.
really no pros at this company
Has good benefits accompanied with the full-time job.
If you do not mind physical labor the job is easy. For the entire shift we would unload the trucks and sort the packages into their respective places.
Work regular time or pick up extra overtime up to 60 hours a week. I do it weekly..very motivating team and managers. The best benefits ever. I pay $40 a MONTH for medical, dental, health, std,ltd,lif insurance. 1000 deductable but company pays 500. Its awesome..
Great benefits and pay, if you don't mind working this job is excellent. Great excerise as you are on your feet and moving 10 hours a day. Work hard and it pays off. Be motivated to succeed and you will.
Pay was good and good benefits
Great pay, great benefits tons of opportunities to grow. Great resources
They give you a lock for the locker and gloves.
good people, flexible working hours
You sleep really well ,after 12-15 hour days. They don't physically abuse you.
Some great opportunities to work with big data. Dog friendly Office. Turnover rate is so high there is a lot of opportunity to advance your own career.
None that I can think off.
Good pay and freedom with your own time
Great experience working for Amazon. Area Managers learn a lot in their first two years but it is fast paced. If you want a desk job, this is not your line of work. Definitely more for the innovative, hands-on type person. Amazon enables you to have a lot of impact if you work hard for it.
Interesting problems to work on, particularly in a largely expanding company
Always had a paycheck when ubqorkes no issues that time had paid time of personal time and hours accumulated that by could use with outg being held again you
The role, technology, and the peers are beyond awesome. In every event, i work directly with customers and partners that are as excited about Amazon technology as we are and my peers are the professionals I most admire.
great company to work for
easy to move up in company
They are very good to the employees. The work is easy and the pay is good.
I had a really good team of managers that gave me tons of guidance from inbound direct functions, workers comp is decent,
Very good place to start as independent contractor. Know a lot of people while making deliveries.
Benefits are great. Management is pretty good. Great job if you are someone who is introverted. Set schedules are pretty nice.
You really learn a lot if you are a new grad. AWS do have some cut edge tech and docs/designs docs are plenty.
Money and stocks and vto
great place to learn and grow and being a team player
Paid Well Fixed Schedule Lots of Overtime offered (Not required) Good amount of time off
Decent pay & great benefits. 4 day 40hr work weeks, after 2yrs of working there your stocks are yours to keep
Excellent benefits, management and co-workers.
The projects you work on can be pretty interesting
Flexible hours off weekends good hours
you can bring dogs at work!
It's always an active day in the warehouse, and it'll keep you in shape. The work in the warehouse is very easy. You're mostly in control of your own success. Great benefits for a job that's easy to get. Stock benefits are nice.
Learning and growth opportunities, competitive pay
Above average pay Flexible schedules They will hire anyone
Work closely with management Fairly Independent Good Training Excellent Benefits
Everyone is so nice and no question is a dumb question. Training is extensive and they ENSURE that you're comfortable before sending you off on your own.
Great place to meet incredible people with amazing stories.
great culture, fast paced environment, no bureaucracy, great future and business plans
The pay is good
Job was very easy and every one was team.
The pay at Amazon is pretty good for the skill level that is required. The work is pretty straightforward but repetitive.
Some of the best reasons to work at Amazon is the pay,they pay really starting off.
Flexible, Great pay, Fast pace, always Growing company and opportunities. Team environment, diversity, doesn't care about tattoos and piercings! I love that! Good Benefits.
You will get 40 hrs a week, with up to 60 hrs a week Grate benefits (Holiday pay, paid vacation, paid time off, insurance and ect.) They give you a chance to go back to school and they will help pay for it.
Great benefits and compensation
Money job easy cool fun
- Hard work is rewarded - Company culture is excellent
My role is SDE in retail system and I deal with both financial and technical problems. It is easy to see the impact of my work and gives me a sense of self-importance and accomplishment.
Great benefits starting day 1, 401k, Stocks, opportunities to win things such as t.v.s, laptops, gift cards, and much more, management as a whole is wonderful and helpful
Amazon offers tons of mobility as an employee and lots of opportunities to do other things. The benefits are also quite good.
great working job I never missed a day
Very flexible with the schedule
The benefits is the best Pro within the company.
Amazon has a strong brand and stock. There are many talented engineers. There is easy access to resources and tools, such as AWS, making it easy to quickly setup systems and services.
you work with smart people
Great benefits and liveable wage plenty of hours
Benefits are awesome and career goal benifits
Good work environment for staff
Responsible for yourself! Great people to work with!
Very casual and friendly work environment. There are a lot of things going on to involve you with the coworkers and teams around you. Great people and helpful leadership.
time off pet friendly job
Awesome place to work. Good people.
Best benefits in an entry level position. Fast paced. Great culture.
Lively, fast-paced, unpredictable, changing, ambiguous responsibilities. Ideas can be challenged. People move around.
Good pay and flexible schedule
Meet many new people.
Great vision and dental benefits. I wish they would offer health benefits as well.
NONE!!!!!!!! Unless you like having your time wasted....
The founders and initial employees are true owners and care about the company. Jeff is a great CEO and truly cares and wants to do anything and everything for customers.
Opportunities to learn more about what can technology do in fashion fields .
Competitive. Fun. There are opportunities to develop your career.
great benefits and pay.they even provide short term and long term disability. All benefits are active the day you are hired
Good hours, benefits after a year, work 5 days off 2,
Many interesting and challenging projects
One of the most entrepreneurial companies. Constant innovation and willingness to pursue any business opportunity that makes sense. Unlimited career opportunities for those wiling to put in the effort. Generally good management. Incredibly strong and positive culture.
Great Company Somewhat Flexible Schedule Easy Job Work From Home
decent salary, overtime opportunities offered.
Easy job for side gig.
Easy application process and friendly inviting hiring process, variable hours to meet worker's schedules, many locations to choose from, open door policy
Pay was good, overtime if you needed it
Great benefits and growth opportunity
Minimal operating instructions, brilliant people, highly innovative.
Decent pay, and a college program is in place if you've worked there for 1+ years.
I honestly have no pros about this job, you get paid basically nothing and work your butt off 11 hour shifts.
Day 1 health benefits. And you're left alone as long as you are on task.
pay food money pay breaks
It’s a job and you can leave early using pto or upt or vto that’s the best part of the day working for amazon 401k sucks and the discriminate against people of color old age and women
Money. Insurance.. meet alot of differnt. People
There're many different teams in Amazon with different cultures. You can always find a good one you like. There're many good tools I really like.
Great management, decently quick training for greater responsibility, seasonal jobs that turn into full time, and a great crew of people that are sticking with the company. If you were RJ hard, you can take your pick of positions.
Work is easy enough & well compensated
Easy hiring process because of high turnover rate.
I love my managers and co workers . I work from home so its all the more fun.
Opportunity to work with best talent and continuous learning environment. You get to design and develop best innovative products. You get lot of opportunities to present ideas to senior leadership
The company offers Very challenging work and project ownership. The RSU offerings are great and the quarterly promotion reviews allow high performers to thrive in this high pace environment.
I enjoyed how flexible they were with school and their pay raises every 6 months.
Awesome culture, fast paced environment.
Flexible with time off, compensation is decent for overnight work.
Don't need a car, since you work from your home. 10% off products sold and shipped from Amazon.
good company, great projects, very focused
Benefits package is extensive Sometimes meet interesting people
Work life balance, room to move up. Competetive
Great training Well structured and organized
Decent pay and benefits compared to other places in my area.  Positive people
The Benefits amazon offers are good and the vacation you can accrue is just as good. You become vested in stocks options at 2 years.
Good benefits, 401K, vision, dental, and health
- Working for one of the big 5 in tech - Learning how Amazon succeeded, ..... including Starting from the customer and working backwards - In my role I was exposed to product management in addition to technical leadership. This was useful for my career
Good base pay compared to other recruiting coordinator jobs in the area Benefits are good Easier to find other jobs once you have Amazon listed on your resume
Great way to gain experience
Amazon is a pioneer on logistics and growing opportunities!
Great Benefits starting day one
Company is very innovative, focuses on data driven decisions, and isn't afraid to fail.
Motivating leadership principles Fast paced growing environment Handsome salaries Opportunity to work in wide areas in various teams
Great learning experience and some room for growth
Smart people. Every role is respected You can build what every you want in any department, not just engineering. Great rotation, you can transfer to another part of the company whenever you want.
Overnight hourly rate is tolerable, benefit choices provided are thru good companies.
Decent pay, stocks every year after 2 years vesting and decent time off.
Visible impact to the work that you do, plenty of opportunities to learn and take on stretch assignments
I love to work here, Management is great, easy to move up with in the company, great energy
Good pay, friendly staffs and associates
Great company and great people
Challenging problems every day, always keeping things interesting.
-Allowance of part time work while going to school is very helpful to those trying to pursue their careers -Flexible scheduling though it mostly depends on if you get the schedule you want -Great HR team that handles queries on a timely basis
You either love the company and culture, or hate it. It is great to be at a company that has leadership principals it hires by and lives every day.
Making your own schedule, that's if you can pick up shifts.
-its a job -after a year(my location at least)choose you're own hours(a plus for students etc.)
Dynamic. Very responsible, fast pace environment
Great insurance, great benefits package
Amazon is a company with ever growing opportunities and has wonderful benefits.
10% off for all employee.
Benefits, Shifts available, Stocks, potential to grow
Good energy. Pay. Benefits.
Great benefits from day one.
I love to work here, Management is great, easy to move up with in the company, great energy
only it is good for manager position
high salary. Nice weather in summer
fast paced culture, much easier to get to decisions.
Fun atmosphere, make a lot of friends, never boring.
Great pay and 3 days off
10-12 hour shifts meaning 3 or 4 days off to recuperate, regroup from craziness only having to work 3 days is the best, health insurance from day 3
The benefits are great and there's almost always overtime available.
Ability to create own schedule as a reserves team member. Bonuses and prizes available for meeting and exceeding goals
Was brought on as a seasonal with promises of being hired on. Was let go on the day I was supposed to be brought on along with 25 other people.
Benefits are terrific, especially health insurance.
Benefits, fun co workers to work with.
Its a great place to work
There was nothing good about this training.
Good schedule good hours
competitive pay, good health benefit
good paying job thats what i like
Good Benefits, quick hiring process, great exercise, no need for a gym membership if you work in a FC
Good benefits if you are a permanent worker
relaxed work environment, job is easy but active, work attire is comfortable and relaxed(t-shirts, sweats,shorts or leggings). schedule is flexible and you pick the schedule you want to work weekly. management is really respectful and helpful, and always in a good mood.
Reasonable pay and benefits, lots to learn
Amazon is a company with great name recognition and prestige
I am given the opportunity to work closely with our ambassadors, mentor and train them to function at their best. I am the team lead and I enjoy helping my team.
Great place to shop online.
So far Amazon has been an easy company to work for. They have flexible hours, micro managing is low, and the other employees are friendly.
Good place to work and grow
It was really quite nice.
401k and insurance starting day 1. Paid vacation and also paid vacation. The pay is very good they start you off at 13.00 an hour.
Wonderful place great opportunities love it here
- Great pay - Great benefits - Promotes from within - Love the idea of upper management open to associates input about improving processes within the department and implementing them. During my time there I have improved processes in various departments. - Encountered some great minds in upper management that was very encouraging, fair and always pushed for the best from me. - There is never a boring moment working at Amazon. - I believe they have an amazing principle system that most companies do not instill or encourage from their workers. - They have various programs that benefits you even if it does not benefit them.
you get benefits day one.
plenty of breaks and schedule was very flexible
benefits, stock, relatively fast growth
No surprises. Expectations are spelled out clearly
Pay is decent compared to minimum wage. Hours are set and always the same (until holidays roll around) Benefits are good given the fact you get them day one when hired full time.
Good workout, easy, benefits including health pay and dental. Plenty of UPT given and paid holidays plus if you work on a holiday you get holiday pay, and time and a half. Lot's of VET opportunities if you want to work more hours.
Flexable hours offered at my facility
Good benefits and a nice wage consider qualifications needed
A job to feed my family
The benefits. A lot of people need the insurance and it is good insurance. That's pretty much the only good thing here.
flexible hours, great training, real sense of unity
Great team to work for
You understand and value the hard work an amazonian does in order to satisfy every customer. Making sure they get their package in time and complete.
good health benefits, vacation and paid time off.
Amazing people, positive environment, and great food.
Good pay, if you're willing to work hard
Recognition of hard work, opportunity to learn multiple positions within the warehouse, and friendly personable management.
Mass hiring events, minimal screening, no experience required. They hire all the people they can get. Good if you are desperate for money.
Typical big company advantages: lots of opportunities within the company. There's lots of smart people here. They pay well. You don't have to worry about the company disappearing in a year. Your friends will say, "Ooh, you work at Amazon!"
Money and good benefits 4 day weeks
co-workers, paid time off and vacation
it pays well and you get much team work experience
I was low end working with Amazon benefits.
Many teams working on interesting projects. Minimal "red tape" for implementing or improving features. Many teams which own high impact components - good visibility when improvements are made.
4 days a week most of the time ability to engage with AA's.
Smart people, work flexibility, challenging and rewarding work
i generally liked the people i worked with and Im pretty sure entry levels make 12/hr now, i only made 10.50. Benefits are good too
Benefits and time off. It is making me enter at least 5 works and that's all I have for Pro's for Amazon.
I can't really think of any. I was at the New York office, and it was one of the worst career experiences I've ever had.
Good colleagues, and nice environment
The people I work with are great. You can wear what you want at work. Easiest work ever!!! And you can make your own schedule
Insurance day one and benefits.
Lots of good people to work with, they do have several schedules to choose from. But I will say we were told some untruths when we first signed up.
Insurance day one and benefits.
Amazon is a place to work hard, have fun and make history. Coworkers are cool friendly people Great schedule and lots of overtime opportunities if you need extra money Great benefits
They gave us a $2.50 raise while I was there, cause everyone else was making more than them
You get medical benefits day one
Good pay, good schdule and hoirs
Its a job that pay well for not having any work experience .
It the best warehouse good benefits everything is so eazy to find and ever one is very friendly
Good benifits, good hours ,good EVERYTHING ,pay could be higher
No... nobody is crying at their desk. Work-life balance in my team is pretty good. Off-hand project management. Within a certain constraint, you can work however you want, whatever you want, and whenever you want. A lot of smart people around you. People respect you because you work for Amazon.
Lots of good people to work with, they do have several schedules to choose from. But I will say we were told some untruths when we first signed up.
* Work on hard problems at massive scale, with real opportunities and need to innovate * Lots of autonomy * Take on as much responsibility as you are ready for, and accelerate your career growth * working with passionate and top notch talent is fun and exciting * deliver real products and services to a massive customer base, and do so with speed and agility
make your own schedule and work time,
Generous with paid time off, unpaid time off, incentives to earn unpaid time off really help with work/life balance. Not a toxic work environment. Managers are friendly and professional. Not a sweatshop. Workload is usually reasonable. Attendance policy is somewhat lenient and helpful especially when parking is problematic. If terminated, the company will rehire you.
Lot's of benefits and room for growth
Good place to work at
Lots of attention from higher ups
Varied work in ok atmosphere.
Working weekends and graveyard pays more an hour. After a year of working and making rate, you could be promoted to ambassador.
A great way to learn how to deal with dozens of teams at a time.
When I find one I will let you know.
Amazon pays well but it comes with sacrifice.
Work from home (so many pros to that), Supervisors are encouraging and helpful, Training is a good experience, You are encouraged to take your breaks and lunches even if you missed your allotted times because of a call, the customers are mostly wonderful, easy to navigate and manage your schedule, time off, shift swaps, etc. There is a lot of opportunity to move up! I enjoyed my seasonal time working for Amazon and would do it again in a heartbeat!
Health benefits, stock shares, holiday pay
Good people with good management , fair salary
Great coworkers and ability to move up in the company.
Lots of learning opportunities. Smart people all around you. Amazing technologies to work on.
a good company to work for
Solid experience managing so many people.
Easy work, opportunities to work in other departments, job security (amazon is growing immensely every day), benefits day 1 is unmatched.
Easy hiring process good pay
No interview to obtain job
Wages, benefits, stocks, free food some times. Paid time off. Issued gear.
They pay very well. TTT
To establish at amazon warehouse.
Awesome company. I love Amazon.
Ability to learn on the job training.
Smart people, innovative company, definitely going places.
Hours and benefit packages are worth it
- 4 day work weeks during non-peak season
It is truly a team based job
Great company with start up feel that really focuses on the development of it's people.
Decent pay Super easy Good benefits
Awesome benefits when it comes to healthcare and stock. The company is expanding and growing. You're not limited to any particular location.
lots of things to learn
Fellow employees plus stock options after two years.
It's a ok job, there health insurance is awesome
Visa sponsorship, a lot of room for innovation. Worldwide scope when managing products. Good for getting critical experience. Big company and good networking. Fast paced environment keeps it dynamic.
3 breaks, One 30 minute, two 15 minute breaks. Freeware is extremely casual. Work alone. Very easy to get hired.
there was alot of work if you need it
It keeps you moving your always doing something good pay great hours overtime friendly people
Great Company, Reputable Organization
Great company to work Woul like to work for 5 years they're very professional great to have work for them very supportive
It a layed back job and a great place to work.
Pays well A lot of overtime opportunities Upward movement for high perfomers
Many resources, very straight forward, weekly reviews, friendly staff.
* It's extremely customer-oriented. * They pay well because it's so hard to get people to work there. (They have a bad rep locally, so they vigorously court out-of-state candidates who aren't aware of how difficult it is to work there.) * You're working with the best and brightest. * There are plenty of opportunities for advancement as long as management likes you. * If you are savvy, manipulative, and can stay in good graces with management, you're golden.
Great entrepreneurial environment. One thing I learned here is not to fear failure.
I have been at Amazon (AWS) now for about 6 months. It is a very refreshing environment compared to the other big tech sales leaders. Everyone is empowered to run their business and get things done. No longer am i hostage to 16+ hours/week stuck in internal meetings, scorecard metrics or forecasting calls. I spend 1hr/week doing this freeing me up to meet with customers. such a crazy idea right?
Very generous with PTO and vacation time off. You also get Unpaid time that can be used when you need it.. They offer Voluntary time off. You get stock bonuses
Good benefits. People you work with are great
Benefits Kaiser is what I chose it is good because I kept getting injured on the job they should pay 100% medical with the working conditions in that warehouse
It`s a company that is extremely solid
Most people are nice. The break room is cool.
They have ac thats about itrsrs
Nothing they are all con artist,,they pressure the people and harrase eveybody that works for amazon they don't care about anybody one day they will pay the hard way, will tell everyone don't get a job at amazon you will not make, because they want you to fail very bad company
Perks and Discounts, vending bucks for the vending machine
-Some managers were amazing -You get hired quickly and start working quickly
Small teams implies faster growth and more opportunities to try different things
Smart coworkers , salary, stocks, opportunity for growth. Excellent bullet point on your resume. Companies will poach you eventually for your Amazon experience. Being part of a company that's the leader in what it does.
Smart coworkers , salary, stocks, opportunity for growth. Excellent bullet point on your resume. Companies will poach you eventually for your Amazon experience. Being part of a company that's the leader in what it does.
Great benefits, good pay. Supplied you with tools. Vending machines on site.
Good pay, potential for great benefits
Great development opportunity with very diversified business unit and growth. Very helpful for the establish personal brands and growth. Also, can change the team if we don't like.
there are none I can think of
Honestly the food court was amazing.
Nothing to sat, just clean environment.
Flexible time off system Decent benefits Pays above average even with no experience
No dress code, great CEO with a real vision
Opportunity to make more money because they offer a lot of ot.
Good Benefits (401k) 48 PTO every year , 20 hours of UnPaid Time every quarter, 1.5 hours vacation every two weeks
You can seek opportunities at other locations.
Opportunities for overtime Set weekly schedule
Good benefit you will get forty hours
Autonomy, exposure to a successful company, smart people, good preparation for your next job
i loved the place. i loved the values and the work ethic. they helped me when my daughter got sick
Great hours Opportunities to make more money Positive personalities from managers Rewarded for working hard Recognized for hard work
Good Company to start your career
they give you employment with benefits
the benefits and the stocks
Amazon the brand name and maybe benefits
Paid weekly, no interview, get great exercise. Not much positives here. It's easy, it's not rocket science. Vending machines at least
Hiring process is quick because they're desperate. There really are no pros if you remember a less fascist workplace of a couple of decades ago.
The pay is good
There is nothing good about this place
You're paid on average $400 a week (12/hr). The work is individual based so you're pretty much independent. Over time is always available and it's hardly ever mandatory. It's so easy to get hired.
I worked in the warehouse as a Fulfillment Associate and feel that management did try to listen to their team's concerns and at times, resulted in a change that would help the associates be more successful at their jobs.
Good pay, fast paced environment. Good people. You have to make your own mark abd work hard. Lots of opportunities to move up!
Money is pretty good for an unskilled job that hires about anybody. Benefits (insurance and discounts) are immediately available after orientation.
A gym where they pay you Lots of tasks in the center let you work up a sweat and move different sets of muscles. And you can move among them within a single shift.  Melting pot Co-workers from around the world and across generations working together in relative harmony. I miss my foreign-born co-workers, from whom I learned a lot.  Introvert paradise You can work for days without saying having to say a word to anyone. Or anyone saying anything to you, except for a smile or head shake greeting.  Pay parity The people who direct you get the same hourly rate as you do (but some additional perks). Pay is decent for those without many skills or experience.  Rugged, retro technology Machines and software built for reliability, not innovation. Downtime rare and backup options abundant.  Opportunity Options (with limits) for overtime and additional shifts. Support for college and family care. Stock awards.
A gym where they pay you Lots of tasks in the center let you work up a sweat and move different sets of muscles. And you can move among them within a single shift.  Melting pot Co-workers from around the world and across generations working together in relative harmony. I miss my foreign-born co-workers, from whom I learned a lot.  Introvert paradise You can work for days without saying having to say a word to anyone. Or anyone saying anything to you, except for a smile or head shake greeting.  Pay parity The people who direct you get the same hourly rate as you do (but some additional perks). Pay is decent for those without many skills or experience.  Rugged, retro technology Machines and software built for reliability, not innovation. Downtime rare and backup options abundant.  Opportunity Options (with limits) for overtime and additional shifts. Support for college and family care. Stock awards.
Pay is decent compared to other companies. The benefits kick in the day you start although their medical options are expensive. Honestly, depending on the location you work for, being a warehouse associate is pretty straightforward.
If Operations clicks with you, you can do very well and move up. I've seen people given great opportunity, had successful teams, moved up, and really enjoyed it.
Easy job working at the pop up stores. Laid back, stress free. Manager is great and understanding.
IT Support Technician. Great place to work
Fast Paced Opportunities Galore Great People Stable Job Career Choice
Not much, promise you everything the first few months' nd work you into the ground
Seems to have good benefits, good pay, and reasonable,e hours
Good checks Consistent checks Consistent overtime If a blue badge, hours to use at your own pace to leave early
It fit the schedule I needed to work
They have great benefits. This could be an amazing company if employees were treated better.
Fast paced environment, supportive coworkers
The people are great to work with.
Great opportunity to move up
-Very high pay -Huge opportunities for career growth -Stock bonuses after 2 years
Consistent exponential growth that foster opportunities to delvelop and be challenged
Large workplace, Awesome people, Non-Union,
Medical benefits, plenty of overtime
Easy job to get if 18 years old.
Pay and benefits are great. Many locations to choose from.
Front loaded Pto and vacation
Hard work is noticed and rewarded
Lot of new project & roles to explore
Large well known organization, quick hiring process.
great environment to work at
Culture, flexibility, ownership, ease of transferring internally, international opportunities
The people who work there
Getting PAID ON TIME and benifits
Lots of motivated people, lots of work to do
Good pay, benefits, time off, work place.
The insurance is great. My coworkers are like family,
Great pay, hard to generalize experience as it really depends what team you get put on. Decent intern events and networking opportunities, open events at amazon to allow interns to learn and take as much as they want. Return offer is possible as well based on performance.
Pays more than big lots. But other than that everything about this company is all about the bottom line no matter who they hurt.
Good people and fast days
Great flexibility to work for different areas
Excellent benefits package, no experience required they will train you
Fun company to work for
You know what you'll be doing everyday.
Decent pay and hours, though permanent employees earned more.
Decent starting pay, benefits,tuition, casual wear
Decent working conditions. Good pay and benefits.
Interesting problems. Good coworkers. Most people keep reasonable hours.
Good pay per hour, Friendly and diverse people, Relatively easy work if you're young and somewhat in shape, Hires anyone who passes a drug and background check. Insurance for vision and dental, Bereavement for immediate family members.
It was easy for me to get hired. I worked part time, on the weekends, because I had another job Mon - Fri. I didn't have to work overtime.
Great team-building opportunities for those willing to particpate in extracurricular activities. Amazon provides a comforting, independent work environment.
Pay is good for SDE's
The pay is decent if you like to work lots of overtime, which in most cases around the holidays is mandatory 50-60 hours per week. The work is easy is you can stand for 10 to 12 hours doing the same thing. But dont plan to make this job a lasting one, because if you do, they will have other plans to force you to leave.
It will help you keep your weight down. They do pay minimum wage. After a year you can join the 401k, but not afford to buy into it. You can set your own hours. They rarely discipline anyone. Once you have the job it's hard to get fired for performance. I think 95% of those who apply are hired.
After some very negative press about the work culture, many changes have been rolled out that have greatly improved the work/life balance. Chee Chew in particular has been an outstanding addition to the company and is leading the way on improving the culture, starting from his org.  The company is growing very rapidly and it's really exciting to be a part of it!
Quick learning, new knowledge, coworkers are great, flexible work time,
Work at home, Busy. Employee Discount.
Great pay! Guaranteed schedule throught the year Lots of overtime availble
Smartest co-workers, opportunity to be highly creative, opportunity for growth
My team is very laid back most of the time. Great work environment. People bring dogs to the office. Generally, it is easy to get up to speed on new projects and begin contributing.
At Amazon, they push to the limit. The old saying by Bezos is completely true, you must work long, hard, and smart. It makes you realize how much you can really accomplish.
The pay is $14.25 an hour at SSF location, don't have to deal with customers
Lots of work if you think that is pro
Great place to work. Friendly atmosphere. Loads of opportunities for advancement
Set your own hours, pay is decent.
Pays above minimum wage.  The people are generally nice, though you typically don't talk a lot.  The hours can go by somewhat fast when you work quickly. While it's been tedious at times, sometimes it's been almost fun trying to beat my own grocery picking rate.  Given it's a labor job in a warehouse, it could be worse overall. It's decent in that sense. It's built more like a grocery store inside a warehouse, and without any customers in it.
Short hours Voluntary Time Off opportunities Unpaid Personal Time off the ability to check hours on the amazon Hub and keep track of all other personal matters pertaining to work
Benefits health dental vision 401k
Get discounts, you get to pick up shifts, friendly people, get paid every Friday.
I have a few years of experience in this position that i am applying. And i am a team player also a team leader from past job history employment. I will be a good candidate for your company.
There are no best reasons.
overtime, great benefits, exercise. lots of people
Great benefits and the pay is better than most places
VTO, PTO, UPT, Meet new people, benefits
Pay, start up bonus
Learned a lot about doing the impossible over and over and over.
Great benefits and fast and simple hiring process for me.
Great benefits and stock options. The people are what makes this company great. Coming to work is still fun even though there are daily challenges and a high stress result driven workplace.
Good company to work for. Good amount of overtime. 10 hour days but 3 days off. Not much to complain about
friendly ,nice managers,clean facility,great coworkers
* Great people * Learning. Lots of learning * Career growth opportunities and widespread * Small fish, big pond
Nice job environment to work in.with nice people.easy flow
A good first job for community college student. They will allow you to only work weekends, collect time off and enjoy benefits.
Dental and vision ins, weekly pay, vto which you have to be quick to get, most fellow employees know the struggle so you have something in common.
Good start out pay for no experience
I liked the people I worked with and Amazon pays pretty well.
They pay you on time, and give benefits... that's it
I love the way their attendance is set up. they give you points that regenerate every quarter that could be saved up for a vacation. benefits co workers flexibility
Great opportunities with this company
base pay, vacation, benefits
Set schedule 1st week: 4 days on 3 days off= 44hrs 4 hrs of OT 2nd week: 3 days on 4 days off =33hrs Nice people
Stock appreciation, dynamic culture, technical challenges, a lot to learn
- High pay and no income tax (in Seattle): This is the main reason people take a job offer from Amazon. - Brand recognition: The brand recognition is really high so you can eventually bail for Facebook, Google, Apple, etc. - Amazing organizational outlook, financial outlook is extremely positive (check the news) - Smart colleagues
Great stock options Great career opportunities
Flexible schedule, work from home possibilities, great experience, ability to move roles frequently.
pay is competitive, most enviroments are very safe.
The employees are nice, helpful and friendly. The supervisors are cool and down to Earth. Fair and approachable. Pay is better than most places. Extra hours are offered if you want them.
Flexible schedule Work with great, friendly people Friendly, helpful management No interview required
Because of the size of warehouse, you never really have to communicate with managers. You are free to use your hours as you please with no consequences unless you run out of hours. You are not a particularly important part of the process so you don't need to feel guilty about leaving early or taking time off.
3 different breaks was good.
Decent hourly pay for pt employees. Thats is really it. No, seriously. 20 words or more? It didn't kill me.
Better than being homeless. It's a paycheck
Simple job work to do and very friend environment
great pay and great hours
It's a great job very flexible on shifts and amazing team to work with
Good pay, management will work with me on shift preference.
The Pay.  The medical benefits.  More vacation time & Paid time off compared to most other low-end jobs.
Amazon pays well as compared to other companies.
Four days a week. Great health benefits.
It's a nice environment. Stations are set up so you can focus on your job without distractions. People are nice and friendly. The work can be interesting seeing what people order.
They will hire anyone. hours available beyond your scheduled hours
One of the best reason of being an employer at Amazon was the flow of work. I worked assembly before so everything came so easy.
Safe work environment, good pay, hired on the spot, monthly bonus for attendance and meeting productivity goals. Two thirty minute breaks.
programs to enroll in classes at the facility at a discounted price to allow you to have a career after you leave amazon in such areas as billing and coding, phlebotomy, medical admin and more. stock given after 2 yrs of employment. great medical dental and vision insurance at low rates!
You have flexibility to take time off when it is available.
Full benefits right from the start if you get a blue badge
Full benefits right from the start if you get a blue badge
Decent pay and great benefits for having no previous work experience
Growing company. Weekly pay. Diverse work force.
Its a job, and it has decent benifets and you work 4 days 10 hours also has career choice programs
The company does provide benefits instantly. You get bonuses, perks and more incentives for job well done. You can be cross trained in various departments. They provide career course training. Also after one year they will pay for you to go to school.
Guaranteed work. Overtime always a plus. Clean work environment.
I suggest nobody to work in Amazon IND1 cuz our policies are the worst!
Independence and flexibility within this team work environment contributes to high job satisfaction. You get to create solutions on the spot without constant oversight.
Great job for students on Campus
Good place to grow as an individual
- Okay Pay  - Ability to Choose Schedule  - Short Hours, Available OT  - Opportunities for Growth Within  - Kind Co-Workers
3-4 day weekend. Ok benefits
First let me give you the bad. There is alot of miscommunication when it comes to the hiring process. I was lost in the system, wrong title, wrong pay, wrong mananger. They do everything that can to get this fixed ASAP. Just make sure and follow up and save all communications to refer back to. Now the good. Amazon makes you feel like a human and the welcome seems very genuine. The training in Leadership not only helps you on the job, but also in life. If you go with a negative attitude, you will leave with one so my advice is to go expecting great things from Amazon. You get what you are out of life. Amazon gives you the best perks for it so take the time to get to know your job, learn, learn, learn, and move up in the company. You will quickly see a Tier 1 Associate move to a Tier 3 in a matter of weeks or months. It's truly up to you. Safety is the number 1 priority along with the customer and the associates are a team no matter what your pay grade is. No one looks down on you and I love that. If they do, it doesn't show. So apply and take your life to the next level.
- Constant hours - You can take a day off whenever you want as long as you have enough unpaid time off credits - Above minimum pay - No dress code - Part time benefits
Independence and flexibility within this team work environment contributes to high job satisfaction. You get to create solutions on the spot without constant oversight.
Great Benefits. Higher than average pay for almost every position. Opportunities for advancement in almost every arena. Access to internal Amazon.com job board that spans the GLOBE.
Easy to move up, if you put in the work.
Amazon hires and develops the best people. Great culture Working with top tier knowledgeable folks Able to manage without much interference by my regional mgr
Very chill place to work at
I like the pace here
Needs trains all employees better including the new hires on what job functions are besides telling them.
you can learn anything and removing anyone in the industry
Decent pay, immediate benefits upon hiring
Good Pay, Benefits, Retirement
Shift Flexibility and opportunity available
Great benefits and excellent pay
Has a lot of benefits, like paying for your school etc..
Benefits, rewards, career training,
They give free food. Also they're raffle are okay but I notice the ambassador always win
decent pay for a job
Upbeat atmosphere most of the time, cutting edge/progressive concepts
stable, steady work, easy to get in to
various opportunities to advance in career and access to many benefits.
-Leader in Innovation -Work on Challenging Projects -Learn a multitude of cross functionary skills -Nice Facilities
So far, so good. Great benefits.
Alot of work and overtime
good pay, good hours to choose from
The people you work with are good for the most part The pay is decent
Decent Pay. Always overtime available
Easy hire and decent hourly rate
Easy hire and decent hourly rate
Great Co-Workers Amazing Environment Great Benefits Awesome Management
Surrounded by mostly good people and Associates. Pay and benefits are decent. Customer focus is phenomenal and what initially attracted me to the company.
Amazon good to work for because of the benefits and many locations throughout the Untied states. The people are supportive and a few managers actually care. Transfer to other facilities are a plus too,
Awesome work culture. Good work life balance.
Ownership. Amazon allows their employees to truly own their product end to end.
pay, lots of overtime, rewards and bonuses during peak
- Wide variety of challenging problems to solve and plenty of work to be done - The compensation is top notch. Even as a college grad SDE you'll probably be paid what a senior engineer is paid at the other large companies in Detroit. If you stay for a few years you'll be treated with much stock. - Office is very friendly and there's plenty of community-building events driven by a great office manager - Yes, you can transfer to Seattle just fine should you want to do that
Exciting projects, really smart people
Excellent benefits for medical, dental, and vision
Weekly pay on Fridays. Chance to leave early. Keeps you busy.
healthcare offered is great, offer free coffee in breakrooms, free ladies hygiene products in restrooms
Work life balance, 2 fifteen minutes breaks and a 30 minute break fellow associates are very helpful 401k and benefits on your first day
consistent hours. chill break room. can be fun depending on what you do
Flexible Hours. Set your own schedule.
over all I like working there because of the friendly people and positive environment.
really good work environment and great employees
Great pay, good work/life balance, ability to make the right decision, advancements in your career, Fortune 5 company, amazing opportunity.
Want to show this company how well i perform not only as a staff member but a mangement leader
Benefits start day 1. Get paid time off and own company stock
Great exposure to AWS tools. Helps increase our ownership and leadership skills.
Weekly pay on Fridays. Chance to leave early. Keeps you busy.
- Great entry-level opportunity for those wanting to enter the company.
Great flexible hours and handle calls for customers
Great benefits from the first day
Amazon has wonderful benefits and a great work atmosphere.
awesome service would recommend to anyone
Culture, salary, oportunity, location, stability
It is an exciting time to be an Amazonian since the company is continually coming up with new breakthroughs across wide ranges of markets.
it's productive and eye opening
awesome company to work for
The hours/ shifts are phenomenal if you enjoy hardwork
Flexible and relaxed work environment Lots of opportunity to grow with in the company, mostly because along with looking at your CV they also look at your individual strengths. Not purely based on academics.
Fast paced but fun place to work at.
Its really really fun always
There are a variety of opportunities at Amazon and a lot of things to learn.
The Pay is good that about it !
There is plenty of Over time if you want to work more hours
None. Can't think of a single one
Decent pay, benefits and promotion opportunity
Good money, constant check and hours.
Great, growing company with very good benefits.
fun fair easy money time
Great vacation time off several paid holidays, guaranteed 40 hours, medical paid for the employee, that's the only real benefits
For 12.00 per hour and the benefits are great
Great benefits. Wonderful co-workers. A well respected and reputable organization. Very easy to be hired and is a good job to hold you over until you find something you can do in the long run. They really emphasize safety.
Work a ton of hours per week
I was a college hire at AWS. In two years time I grew from an entry level engineer to Senior Engineer and than to a Solutions Architect. I got to work with super smart people who challenged me to be at my very best. If you are passionate about your work, love unique challenges and want a path to accelerated growth, this is the company for you.  There are a lot of opportunities to learn in Amazon from internal training to attending conferences and to switching teams. The learning curve never ends but all of it requires dedication and passion. If you are looking for a laid back 9-5 job this is not a company for you.
Great to place work at and has opportunities move up faster.
Amazon is a great place to work if you want to work. If you want to be lazy then you might not like the environment. The schedule works for my life and VTO is offered daily if you want it in off peek times.
Work from home, voluntary time off during slow times, fun incentive programs.
Great benefits right from day one.
Competitive Wages Good Benefits Raises every 6 months
Pay, Benefits, fast pace, opportinies
You will receive health benefits staring day one. Full time associates get paid vacation and ten hours of personal time starting out. You also get monthly performance bonuses.
Easy quick hire GED ONLY $12.75hr/OR time half good leaders
Amazing people, endless opportunity to innovate and drive change. Cool to be a part of a company that has so much potential in so many ways!
Big Impact in terms of numbers, customers, people. Good work will be noticed
Consistent Schedule Paid Time Off Friendly & Upbeat Workplace Good Salary Regular Raises At 6 Months, 1 Year, 2 Years, etc. Career Skill Courses & College Funding Available
Great benefits such as tuition reimbursement and pay
Great benefits such as tuition reimbursement and pay
Work from home, flexible hours most of the time
They have awesome benefits. Medical Vision and Dental. 14 weeks 100% paid maternity leave plus 6 weeks for your partner. Stocks after 2 years and variable comp bonuses every month based on attendence and building performance.
Promotion from within, education support, stock and monthly bonus, great benefits. Vacation time and personal time, unpaid time off from day one.
It's a great company to work for
Great to start career and challenges
This is my third time with Amazon. This is also the first time I've experienced such Appalling Behavior & this level of un-organisation. The "perks" are always a plus, but not worth it when I've already had a PTSD breakdown... On my first D!!!! day!
The benefits there are great
This was the worst job I have ever worked. I dont have much positive to say about it. I canceled my amazon prime account after working here because I feel that amazon treats their employees very terribly.
The Pay per hour is great
Good benefits, work 4 days a week
-Flexible hours -Decent pay -Hands on Training -Benefits for part timers
great company for fresher to start a career
managers do not bother you much unless you are not doing your job to their liking
met some good people while working here
The benefits there are great
Pay is good if you don't have any prior experience working a full time job.
Great Co-workers for the most
Great pay Great atmosphere Great people ( associates ) Great benefits ( 401 k, stock options free after two years service, paid training, and career growth ).
very friendly staff and good work environment
Love being able to work from home
Excellent benefits, time off, and decent pay for the area.
Good for people with no social lives Good for those that Don't mind serious manual labor for chump change (Speaking as a sorter on the graveyard shift) Drivers usually are nice if you take the time to load the trucks correctly.
They have great benefits..amazon is very versatile..they also have a lot of opportunities..
Good salary, good employees, good atmosphere
Perks benefits and good money
Zero Pros, absolutely zero pros
Money was good and the benefits was good
Amazon provides a means to travel and stocks. The work culture is ever changing and fast pace.
4days a week 4hours a day
It's really great to work with some of the great minds and i was really happy with the overall growth
Good health benefits and a reputable company if you are looking on using the name to get a better job
Long hours hard work good benefits
I loved the new features in the building
Pay is quite high. Be mindful though and do the math... most compensation is tied to tenure ...from signing bonuses, for RSUs (restricted stock units), as well as yearly increases all are tied to a vesting schedule that is up to 4 years long on most occasions. We do this for two reasons... 1) retention is horrifically low at fulfillment centers so anything to incentivize tenure (we're not above bribery!). 2) The vast majority of Amazon managers have very short tenures at Amazon, so few make it through to the end of their vesting schedule and they therefor never realize their full compensation. So it's easy to offer a high rate of pay when one knows most managers will never realize their full compensation.  The ego boost for working for such a respected brand is enticing. Amazon is fully aware of this and will leverage it as needed.  Promotional opportunities exist if you are willing to relocate.  You will work with some really bright folks who are driven and motivated.
3 days off consecutively
easy to get on.they hire anybody hence the big turn over rate
A set 10 hr work schedule, you work four days out of the week.
Can't think of any
Learning, growth, plenty of opportunities
Being on the warehouse floor day in and day out molded who I am today in this digital world and that's a gift that's hard to find from most jobs.
I love the overall culture of AMZN and the opportunity to work with so many talented and intelligent people. The location also can't be beat...simply put, Seattle is awesome!
decent pay, part time, easy to get along with co workers
things are fast and not always repetitive as well as benefits and pay are great for a non skilled job...
Ok pay, hire on spot, helps pay for college
Excellent atmosphere to work in.
Phenomenal leadership and ability to risk in with new ideas.
The pros about working at Amazon, there is lots of growth opportunities.
Good starting pay. Until you get injured.
Good compensation, and benefits from day one, a lot of perks and motovation.
Large Company well known across the country
The pay is good, and the healthcare benefits are amazing.
Growing Company, exciting times to be in eCommerce
Well pay and lots of benefits.
Benefits of wet dental, great medical vision and 401 k are really good, good work out . Offer lunch sometimes. Clean Nice and beautiful environment and break room..
If you always like challenging the status quo, then this is the place for you. This is a place for people who live and breathe innovation and constant change in the technology space.
Management Workplace Support Guidance Great place to work great learning to upcoming technologies
- I work on a great team, and the process for Career advancement is cut and clear.
Good quality projects to work on.
In management compensation is aggressive. For people coming out of school as Area Managers, the salary is high for a first job. For professionals coming from another company/field they tac on a robust signing bonus that gets baked into your salary for the first two years. Stock options vest after two years. 4 day work week in most cases with 3 days off in a row. Benefits are good and on par with any good company. A lot of opportunities for growth (not necessarily as a leader but in position and pay) if you play the game. If you are willing to relocate (which they will pay for) and you are well-liked, you will get promoted simply because there is that much need because of the company's growth.
The hours are great for anyone
Benefits, Salary, Locations, growth, Fun
Working for most customer centric company
really great benefits package, love having option to leave when I don't feel like mworking
Easy hiring process Flexibility Working from home
they have plenty of jobs to work at
Great Pay but very hard work!
Hours, Work From Home, Virtual
Good pay and benefits Advancement opportunity
Fastpace, friendly, growth, highstandards, busy
Generous sign on bonus and stock
Good pay (about eleven seventy five an hour) but you have to use a temp agency to start with, which means no benefits, and they take part of your pay,
Experience innovation at work. Fast paced culture
Fast pace job, wonderful benefits , promotions are always available
Helps you out of your comfort zone Easy to make more money
You get the benefits the very first day.  401 k after the first month  Point system that you can use to get free stuff and or even a paid day off.  Managers are kind and strong group of people
I do love working at Amazon SAT-2, we have a lot of fun
Incentives. Work at your own pace but with goals. Decent pay with opportunities to work quite a few hours. Very good to pick up a couple of hours on the side.
Saftey is a number one priority. Provide fun activities when things are getting busy.
It's Amazon and that's about it.
Simple job, you don't have to serve anyone.
Benefits are great. Other employees are like family
Very nice people and culture. Been here less than a year. Hope to be here a long time. What a great great company
Great break rooms and they have overtime galore so great paychecks and you can be trained in almost any position you like and move over to New shifts rather easily.
-Just about every job here can be learned in a day - They do give extra pay for overnight workers -They actually weed out the lazy workers as best they can - Make it easy to change shifts when available -Sometimes they give gift cards for working longer hours -My current managers do the best they can to ensure the safety of employees in every form
Amazon has some great benefits (salary, healthcare, stock, etc...).
Immediate benefits, decent pay, discounts on fun stuff around you (zoo, aquarium, baseball games), 401k, tuition reimbursement for certain majors after 1 year.
-Lots of Autonomy. -You can choose the tasks you enjoy the most. -Lots of extra time and time off if you want it.
competitive pay, lots of opportunities
Benefits start on Day 1. Stocks you get are great but if you leave the company before you have access to them, you get nothing. New hire orientation was fun and informative as well as the yearly Amazon Corporate meeting held in Seattle. Makes you really feel like you are part of something!
Amazon is like my former company. It is okay and perfect for me.
Professional company with high standard policies.
The pay is great during holidays. There is a lot of job opportunities if you're willing to suck up to management. ONT 9 was essentially okay when the manager wasn't power hungry.
Easy to save money with all mandatory overtime. Great benefits.
A definite pro would be the break room. They had a pretty decent selection of foods/snacks to choose from, nothing extravagant just plentiful.
You get benefits at the very bottom level while only working part time and there is opportunity for advancement.
Decent pay for what you are doing
I get health benefits and get paid $15 basically straight out of HS.
Fast paced, high energy company to work with engineering problems of massive scale
love the exercises before work
Decent pay and benefits for college students
Kind people, professional work ethic, casual dress
Pays decent for the job requirements. Short shifts that work for most ppl with full-time jobs. Easy to get hired.
Accelerated learning, lots of opportunity for growth, access to a lot of super intelligent peers. Lots of ability to travel
Best thing was the benefit
work a 40 hour week and work 4 days a week
Good pay, nice people, clean cut work
Some really smart people there that will push you to be better.
Good people to work with. Medical benefits, 401k. That's it really.
It worked with my schedule as a perfect second job for extra money. The overnight shift was great. The money was okay for the work. They let you transfer to places closer by your house if you put the work in.
Work from home, Fair benefits, Excellent leadership
Great Co-Workers and Attitudes towards Goals
Flexible, motivated team and management, lots of learning opportunities
Leadership experience opportunities are abundant. 40 Hour work weeks are guaranteed and there is also opportunities for overtime specially during the end of the year peek seasons. Awesome health care benefits and Amazon offers a Career Choice program where you can choose select careers and get paid, by Amazon, to go to school to earn a certificate. Amazon stocks. Associate culture is fun everyone gets along with each other and you build relationships with people. Working 4 days 10 hours and getting 3 days off is always a plus.
The work schedule is not consistent. The managers are constantly changing, and so do the processes.
Great company to work for, lots of advancement opportunities, flexible
I worked as a picker in the fulfillment center and anyone can tell you that there are no pros working in this position.
They offer a very good salary. With the hours being basically 2 jobs though it is not worth it.
Plenty of safety and support measurements in place for this work type
Decent pay Relaxed work environment
Very competitive, customer focus, intelligent employee
work a 40 hour week and work 4 days a week
Easy to get hired either directly through Amazon, or faster through a staffing agency, good benefits and ample water all around the facility, hundreds of people around at any given time, warehouses are very
The best reason to work here is for the health benefits. 4 day work week is also nice.
Weekly Pay, Over time
Good opportunity and opportunities exist for advancement/cross training. Managers see you as a person and not a number. Only a temp so I really can't comment on company benefits.
Reliable pay-check, Good medical plans
I hear the money is fairly decent.
They have Great benefits great company to work for. Good opportunity to learn different parts of the building.
Aggressive training program One to one reviews from managers
Good culture, fast paced, nice future
fast paced new projects innovative creative bold fast pased
A job that always keeps you on your toes. Learning about your team and Amazon is a great experience.
Not much money and i need more
The ability to use your time off with out question!!
Motivating, great pay, development, learning opportunities, fast pace
Great work environment, team atmosphere, career advancement achieveable mainly baised on attendance, and seniority not performance based......
It has great benefits and helps you when you need it
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Working from home Bonus checks Giftcards for doing a great job
Amazon on your resume/CV, I guess.
Amazing health care plans, very affordable, all from day one. You are not required to socialize at all.
Decent pay. Most of your co-workers are just as miserable as you are.
No true pros other than free stuff from time to time
Not really much of a pro
Management is wonderful and very helpful.
Great Benefits and great pay.
Easy to apply! Great job for an active person. A shift for every situation. Can pick up extra shifts when available.
LOTS of extremely skilled colleagues to learn from. Moving at an incredible pace. Leadership principles are pervasive in the culture and make a lot of sense. Everyone is 'rowing in the same direction'
I get the freedom to think outside the box and innovate for customers without being bound by undue process.  I feel like, I am trusted and once I am abide by our leadership principles I can make decisions in a timely manner without having to jump through hoops of beauacracy.  Lastly, I work with some incredible people, every day I learn from the people around me and this is the most rewarding part of working for Amazon.
manageable work-Life balance, entrepreneurial culture, fail fast but learn and move on, nice people.
Pay is good until you realize you make the same as the lazy idiots you work with. Healthcare from day one is nice. The do provide some vacation and paid time off although you will use it quickly when they schedule mandatory overtime. Direct hire process is fast and easy assuming you can read, pass a background and drug test. However I have met people who I am not sure can read, or speak English and with criminal and drug history, go figure.
Great benefits Advancement without Bachelors Degree Monthly attendance bonus
good place to work, not crying on my desk. manager and coworkers are chill. and yes, you can work on fancy stuff if you really wanted to.
People really seem to get along, at least that was how it was at SAT2 in San Marcos. There are some rewarding and fun position opportunities as well that include critical thinking and solving problems.
Lots of friendly people to talk to
Get to work with super smart and interesting people
It was an Overall good job
Great place to learn, flat, lots of room for growth, innovative, good pay, good benefits, smart coworkers
The only pro is having a job?
diverse workforce, dead end warehouse work if you're looking to just blend in with the zombie horde like Bruce Banner from the Hulk
Hours and extra dollar for those working weekends and nights.
Benefits are really really awesome
Flexible working hours, awesome work environment
Pay. Benefits. Great Refresher on HR Skills. Meet great people.fast paced.
Hours are flexible.  Most coworkers are decent people.  You don't have to work here. I
Health Insurance, consistent work, overtime pay
Huge appetite to work on big ideas.
Rewarding, Challenging, Great Opportunity for growth, great benefits. Fun job to have from home, great teams and support is available.
Good management Good work life balance Mobility
Schedule is flexible, good working environment
The culture is great for entry level workers yes no
Amazon will hire anyone, unless you are literally drunk or high at the moment of your drug test. So if you have little to no skills to put on a resume and don't want to work in fast food, you're garunteed a job. Also they have health benefits.
Honestly cannot think of a single thing
Everything, great hours, fast paced environment
Lots of room to grow, great benefits and stocks. I have been there for 3 years and love it
Four ten hour shifts equaled a 4 day work week.
good benefits decent pay great compensation decent hours
Tremendous opportunities for those willing to put in the work, set aside their ego and invent for customers. Outstanding compensation and growth prospects, company growth leads to promotion opportunity quicker than you may be ready for it. You will be pushed outside of your comfort zone early and stretched constantly. Excellent benefits and vacation perks. Outstanding brand.
Very good benefits and compensation
You don't have to deal with a rate
Great career opportunities as the number of years you have worked for Amazon is really valued in the long run.
Flex hours and always room to grow within the company. Most of the management team is easy to get along with.
Decent pay, descent benefits. Overtime is a constant. You own a part of the company after 2 years in stocks. Night shift diferencial pay.
Provides great opportunity to learn how a big company works
Employees were great to work with
excellent benefits such as career choice program
The pay is decent and it comes with benefits.
Close to my house, cross training
Comp is great and there are endless growth opportunities. You will work with smart people and get responsibility that you cannot find anywhere else.
The pay for a Part Time position is good. Employee discount. Meeting a large variety of people.
-Competitive pay for the area and industry -Time off structure is well thought out and very fair -Amazing benefit package: healthcare and dental/vision are cheap but very, very good -Guaranteed 40 hours but plentiful Voluntary Time Off opportunities for those who want to work less but retain benefits
Pay Inventing new things and processes Having the option to move pretty much anywhere in the world Career growth opportunities
The pay and overall compensation package is quite nice for fresh college grads
Pay Benefits Fixed work schedule (4 days in 3 days out) overtime pay
Great pay Decent PTO Plenty of room for advancement Opportunities to move and relocate to fill open vacancies elsewhere in the company.
lots to learn with really smart people
great pay, advancement opportunities, friendly employees
The work environment is amazing, really fun and i feel like i can succeed at Amazon in my professional role.  On a daily basis you get challenged and it is interesting to see how you can grow so much not just professionally but personally you learn a lot and they really focus on process improvement and your ideas get heard openly.
Flexiable schedules and great perks. Work from home and great teams and plenty of room for advancement. Health benefits and surprises
Good management. Expect hard work and dedication from employees as always and appreciate for their hard work, Good pay, Happy to work for Amazon
Great Environment. Excellent Training. Atmosphere & Opportunities are Outstanding!
There are actually pretty good benefits including medical, dental is the same as the rest of the nation but also a good amount of hours off
Good starting pay for employees.
Benefits. Fulltime. New building and good co workers
Direct control over code, builds, deployments. Access to AWS tools for team use. Great facility, on-campus dining.
Incentives for hard work, fun, easy to move up, employees
There are not many companies out there that provide the opportunity to build and operate software at this massive scale. The results are changing the way IT works, forever. People are smart and nice. There are national and international internal job opportunities left, right, and center. Compensation is competitive. The more senior the role, the more compensation relies on stock, which is great right now. HR processes continue to be improved. For example, the performance review and promotion processes were streamlined substantially.
Can learn a lot of stuff
Good benefits, set schedule, and stable company to work for. Meet all different walks of life here which could be a good thing/bad thing depending on your personality.
If you excel at talking loud for hours non stop then there is a future for you here. You have to make sure to let the site manager notice you, like shouting the line where you're at, or at best, wait for the manager to come close then be loud as you can so you will be noticed. And you'll be a Line Lead/Ambassador in a jiffy! No higher education required!
Truly a leader in Innovation. Set Schedules. Many different sites around the US if you would like to transfer. Decent pay for the work. Easiest work you will ever do (zero stress). No micromanagement from managers. Hours are often available to pick up if you like working overtime. Good benefits. Vacation/Time off is easy to use and done extremely well.
great chances and full of chanllening.
Work is fun You get to work with really smart people
Health Insurance is all that is good
lots of teamwork, great atmosphere
I was aware of all the negative comments about Amazon before joining, and had serious considerations about choosing microsoft vs. amazon. Eventually I chose Amazon because the team seemed to be a better match and because of the open-source developmental environment at Amazon. So far I have not regretted yet. Amazon is super fast pace, had good compensation and offers a lot of opportunities to learn. People at my team are nice, and my manager is very reasonable person and encourages work-life balance.
AWS - Well structured, 40hr/wk, great attitude by managers, leads and teams. If you want to learn and grow this is place. Heavily metric based. No complaints.
Great opportunities inside the company for learning.
You get a pay check every 2 weeks
Pay ok and plenty of hours available.
Paid Time Off, Voluntary Time Off, Vacation Time. How often you acquired additions to each of your time off. Insurance.
Good pay. When you're allowed to focus on the job, it's extremely rewarding.
Your off early 1:30pm usually
You keeps you on your toes and always teaches you new things
Pick your own shift, pay, flexible, nice people, easy work. Rewarded for good work, fun environment, barbeques and holiday celebrations.
Quality of Life, Innovation
Great benefits, 4 day work week,
pick your own schedule, Virtual
Top-notch talented peers, Quality engineering, Large population to test new features quickly
It's a great job and has a lot of benefits. Not to mention the stocks they give you. The pay is good for around here. I make 14.50 for my shift others make 12 and 12.50.. 12 hour shifts three days a week. But we get all the benefits of full time employees.. 29.9 hours of paid vacation a year.. 36 hours of paid personal time. And up to 80 hours a year of unpaid time off.. you get 20 hours on the 1st of January, April, July and October..
Friendly co-workers, great supervisors who listen to any concerns.
Amazon is an amazing company, they are an industry leader, and seeing the way the company works is very interesting.
Benefits starting Day 1 401k Health Insurance Vesting Stock Options
Pay, Overtime, Benefits, Simple, Raises
Many projects, teams, and possibilities. Decent compensation plan. Flexible with work schedules, time-off etc.
Great benefits , great people, and a great place to work
It has a good equal amount of opportunities
The benefits, the people you will meet
Great Leadership development Good pay Benefits
A fast paced company that you will not get bored in the first year. You get a chance to work with a group of talented peoples, to work on creative and big thinking projects and high impact initiatives. Overall a great experience to enhance your career growth and build up leadership skills.
Inspiring, amazing culture and great team of professionals. For people that are looking for constant learning opportunities.
Flexible work schedule. Able to work independently so long as you got your job done.
Great pay. Great benefits. Clean environment.
Shopping at the website, I suppose.
My perspective is as a pretty senior developer:  Good compensation - note that glassdoor only shows salary by default while at higher levels at Amazon you can get the majority of your pay from stock.  If you show ownership you can take on a lot and go far quickly.  Behaves like a mix of a lot of semi-coordinated startups rather than a single company.  It's so giant and does so many things that you can always find something interesting to work on. It's doing really amazing work in a lot of fields and I've got a lot of confidence in the company being successful.  The senior technical management is pretty impressive - a lot of the tech VP's are super technical, which is pretty valuable.
First: These are my own opinions. I have not been encouraged, in any way, to talk about my Amazon Experience (as we call it), but I am so grateful to my employer for a steady job and a promising career horizon, that I really want to be sure others see what I know about this company.  In AWS, I am trusted to do my job, and Amazon has worked very hard to put me in a place where I can be the most effective and happy while still having excellent room for growth. I get to work from home when needed, and the health/family benefits are much better than I had expected.  The culture here is fantastic, and so are the people I get to work with. I have not, yet, met one individual who is not genuine and kind in this entire organization. Every single person here lives and breathes our leadership principals, which makes working here such a thrill. People are here because they want to be here, and it is obvious that they are contributing with everything they can. I am proud to be a part of this team.
Lot of money is given
You get a pay check?
One hell of a good workout
Very fast paced environment with a lot of opportunities to learn the business and challenge yourself.
Consistent Hours, Above minimum wage, good benefits
Dental, vision, and academic benefits for part-timers
- Work is fairly simple - Lots of options to pick up different roles - VERY EASY to apply, no interview - Work metrics allow opportunities to prove yourself - You work 4 days a week, 3 days off - Super chill place to work - Highly recommend if you are a high school graduate or if you're looking for a summer job
Great Place to work. Lots of perks.
Very self explanatory work, leads and supervisors learn your name, the people are friendly and easy to work with along with very cooperative, supervisors are easy to talk to
Great work environment, unlimited opportunities to learn and explore. Fun place to work.
One of the best places I have worked at
You are literally working with some of the smartest people on the planet. They will challenge you to elevate your game in all aspects of what you do. The challenges you have to tackle are tough, but you can learn more in a year than other companies of this size would give you the opportunity to learn in 3-5 years.
You meet people from all walks of life.
Innovation, smart people, fast and furious, start up mentality
You can lose a lot of weight and they had great health benefits.
Amazon does pay for you to go back to college. They do have PTO hours and good vacation hours. Good benefits.
- Incredibly relaxed environment - Management is nice and understanding, helps you whenever you need them to - Benefits are excellent - Opportunity to move up as time passes - Rewarded for things such as productivity and staying safe - Bonuses at the end of each month - Overtime always available
Pay was pretty good and you get plenty of hours
4 day work week was awsome.
There's something new to learn every day. It's a target-rich environment that encourages everyone to make a contribution to the success of your peers and customers. You will never be bored here.
Steady shift schedule. Decent pay. Plenty of work. Time goes by really fast
Smart people, work / life balance, great pay and benefits
Be prepared to work with smart people in a fast paced environment. Excellent medical benefits and stock rewards.
Good Benefits, Good Pay, and nice people.
Reasonable Pay, good benefits, stock after 4 years
Friendly person very interactive respectful fast paced and very happy. I have a very nice personal ity
discounts half off its good
Benefits, Company Culture, Advancement Opportunities, Growth Potential,
Good pay,Ok paid Time Off
Good pay for part time work
Very diverse group of people No interview when applying (can be considered a con as well) Always work to be done Good benefits
They are not hard on hiring at all
great benefits, great people, great reputation
great benefits, great people, great reputation
Very good time off options, and schedule does not change unless overtime
was good but not like too much
Good pay for call center Reasonable hours/shift Get two days off in a row Lots of opportunity for growth/movement  Hour(unpaid) lunches, great lake view
You'll be challenged every day, and you have to continually step up your game to remain at the top of the pecking order. You'll be surrounded by some of the smartest and best people at their respective jobs, which will help elevate you to be the best you can be in your role.
Fun people, simple work, you can use headphones in the dull moments.
Work with Many smart people and develop interesting stuffs really help customers.
flexible scheduling, relaxed environment, easy work
Stock prices continue to increase and you can take your dog to work....
Learned a lot about inventory control
Casual atmosphere, cash incentive bonus, Peak season perks
Co-workers were nice but that's it.
I believe that Amazon is the best company to work for in the world! We have a strong company culture that is outlined in our simple but powerful Leadership Principles. Two of the things I love most about Amazon is that we focus on the customer and we bet big. Truly refreshing and motivating. I am challenged as a leader in a way that I have never been in past roles and as a result I am growing every day.
Hard work but very interesting first job with lots of room for growth
I made a couple new friends.
Great environment, talented peers, egalitarian, many opportunities
Above avg starting salary for retailer. Good for persons who like to work alone.
There are not any at all
After 10+ years there is still a lot to learn and discover, and ways to have big impact for both customers and employees. I have fortunate to have been on 4 great teams. I have been given many opportunities to do new things, travel, take on global responsibility and pushback. Through org changes, maternity leave, and personal highs and lows, I have always felt supported and valued.
Benefits, 4 day, 10 hour shifts, friendly coworkers, food on occasion, extra pay working on holidays, increased minimum wage (finally), unpaid time off you can use anytime
-Flexible hours, you choose all your shifts after working for a few months. -Great as a side job, only requirement is working 10 hours a month, so if you're in school or working another more demanding job prime now can be a nice side thing for extra money -Fairly easy work
-Great pay -Opportunities to grow and diversify are plentiful -I've experienced a great work/life balance -$tock
You're surrounded by smart, hard-working people. You'll never stay stuck on anything for long because you're either making progress or priorities are shifting.
Great Culture, lots of perks, leadership principles create a common language across all orgs.
Most of the days I spent working at the fulfillment center were either very fun or felt very rewarding at the end of the night. It was usually pretty motivating and management did make a consistent effort to make the environment fun(ny) and exciting. In a way, it was like getting paid to have a gym membership. Also, the physical conditions are excellent compared to other warehouses--very comfortable even though hot at times unless you stay hydrated. My location was very willing to train employees on other areas and most of the time I wasn't doing the same thing each week. I enjoyed coming into work most of the time. Trainers/feedback is meant to help you and isn't accusatory, there were also coaches in your similar position (stower/packer/counter/...) that would help you along the way. At the stand-up meetings, most of the time you were aware of how you were functioning as an individual and as part of your team, always fun competitions for gift cards and so on based on productivity. Career advancement / tuition reimbursement is possible even if not directly related to Amazon (for healthcare such as phlebotomy and others), this is excellent for college students paying bills along the way to further themselves through Amazon or elsewhere.
-High compensation and generous initial offers but they come with a catch 22, read the fine print before signing. -Talented individuals working there -Robust software systems to assist your work
Great Comp, benefits and sign on bonus
Culture in AWS is nothing like the NY time article
The only thing that management kept telling me and the company is so obsessed about it..."You can work in your Pajama"
Easy Job but can be grueling due to other workers.
scheduled work hours so no unexpected work days
Easy work, Ok Pay, Easy interview. The work was pretty much easy and repetitive I just hated some of the changes that management made that had us working harder then we should have for such a simple task.
Not bad, decent benefits, room to grow
Great pay for entry level positions. Benefits starting day 1. All the jobs in the facility are easy to learn. Plenty of discounts and extra benefits outside of the health and standard benefits such as yearly kentucky kingdom trips for the company picnic. Lots of room for advancement though I wouldn't recommend it with the 50-80 hours a week year round that management works on salary. It's a great stepping stone to switch fields though since you can get a lot of bottom level position in various areas and get experience.
good pay, friendly management, nice co workers
The job has good pay and benefits.
Diverse, friendly group to work with. Nice location.
Always heard. Health taken into account. Good benefits.
Amazing company to work for
Liked the hours and the people who worked there
Liked the hours and the people who worked there
Top team, very driven and challenging atmosphere
Extremely fast paced environment. The ability to affect change is in your jands
They pay you a LOT of money - but there is a reason. And you will never be home or with your family to spend it.
Increase your core engineering competencies. Some smart people as well as many average people. There is worse if you a desperate for a job.
The Process Assistant role is to assist with Sort and have a positive effect on the Amazon Culture.
The pros are the benefits and opportunity to move up.
Quick application and user-friendly Upfront Room for promotion
- Alot of talented people - Interesting problems - many potential mentoring opportunities - Great build tools I started there with minimal knowledge of CS. They paid for schooling, mentored me, allowed weeks at a time to be spent with various team while I figured out my career path and left as pretty solid engineer
Good salary, fast paced, great benefits, typically four day week unless doing overtime. Good pay for an entry level position.
Casual work environment You learn a lot Lots of opportunity to move up
Amazon is involved in some of the most interesting things you can imagine. Once in you generally stick to one project, but movement among teams is not frowned upon when you are ready for a change.
You can make a direct impact on the business, and high performers always get promoted.
If u work in one of the city's allowed for part time shipping it's a fab job!
Good fast pace career good feedback great benefits on day one of hire date stocks shares,medical,vision,dental,401k,life insurance for you/spouse,and accidental death or dismemberment. All on orientation day
Flexible work schedule (just get the work done mentality). Competitive pay, but heavy on the "golden handcuffs" approach with how they handle stock payouts.
Paycheck - working with lots of people
The pay is great, room for growth within.
Excellent benefits, 401k matching, Roth IRA program are great. Safety is a top priority by my Area Managers. Showing pride in your job will get you better positions quickly.
-Many different things to choose from from any genre of objects - Descriptions of product are available
Structure and thinking - There is a lot of document writing at Amazon, in case you have not heard. While some people do not like that part of the job much, I think the required meetings and documents force every employee to truly think about their job and what they are doing. Producing the write-ups and getting them ready to face up to a room of very detailed scrutiny and questioning forces you to think through every aspect of your business. it is really a very valuable skill that Amazon does a great job of developing.
Day 1 benefits. 4 day work weeks, although 5 (mandatory OT) are becoming more common. pay is good for everywhere but in NJ
good pay, easy task, no-skills necessary
So many People to connect with! So many items to discover!
Good work-life balance, low stress, fun environment.
You get to choose your hours.
Pay ok for seasonal work
Culture is great. Opportunities abound. Surround by people who want to be successful and strive to do so. Pay is good. Full Autonomy to be successful
AWS is the current leader in cloud computing and SaaS platform. Outlook is great for the next 10 years in this industry. Pace of innovation is frightening. Great leadership and co workers who love the brand and their jobs
Autonomy and flexibility. This role also helps you build rapport with the business and allows you to network.
Lots of opportunity for working (mandatory over time is assigned like 80% of the time)
+Career Development +Opportunities for growth +Great coworkers +Fun environment (dogs!) +work life balance +exciting projects and deliverables
Amazon is doing some really interesting things and always pushing the envelop.
Great Pay, Benefits, Equal Opportunity Employer, Room to advance, Time off options, Supportive Management
Beautiful building and offices. Right downtown. Good training.
Great Benefits , discount, meeting new people,
Convenient hours and the supervisors really care.
Great pay, Good benefits, nice people
Good medical insurance, Vacation and Paid time off from Permanent Hire Day 1, 3 days off a week
Compensation package is great. Opportunity to move to your specialty.
Hours available if you want to make money
- Hours - Schedule - Independence - Pay - Time
Pay is decent, fast pace environment, potential to move up in the company.
Good benifits A lot of different shifts
Decent benefits & lots of mandatory overtime means extra money
Plenty of paid time off, schedule accommodation for college students. Personal leave if needed.
Great career opportunities for both growth and business impact
Opportunity to grow and realize one's potential
Great pay and nice managers nice people
Good pay. Prestigious company. Stock. Good maternity leave. Work from home on occasion if your team allows. Flexible start time if your team allows. It's all about finding the right manager and right team.
Pay is good, opportunity for OT is there if you want it
a lot of walking was involved, lost a lot of weight but if you were sick it was horrible.
Pay Benefits 401k Some management PTO Coworkers People from all walks of life Pajamas to work Small number of people who know how to do their job
Experience, some of the people are smart.
Stocks, benefits, educational opportunities
Benefits when you're full-time and the actual employees were great, they would always help you when you needed it.
You're pretty much left to your own devices if you enjoy working without being micromanaged
- Given the stock's (AMZN) increase in value, total compensation is very generous - You will work with some of the most brilliant and driven peers in the world - Working for a customer-obsessed company is fulfilling as you feel you are delivering value to a large set of people as well as to the company - Management structure all the way up to CEO is relatively flat and getting exposure to 2-3 levels above your grade is commonplace - Moving around (every 2-4 years) to a different team and/or division is encouraged and helps you round-out your skills (soft and tech) - Your potential for being innovative and thus making a huge customer impact is within your reach with the right level of dedication
biggest eco system in the known word
The hours, not really the pay. If you like to work hard and don't mind sacrificing your body
Pay. Yep, that's kind of it. Talented group of management (sometimes)
Easy straight forward Job. Computer system easy to use.
Great for people looking to add a 2nd or 3rd job
Always learning how to play the corporate game, and learning how to deliver results under pressure. Amazon has a reputation to be customer centric and is always trying to reach that status with frugality so innovation is rewarded in your job.
Decent pay. Lots of room to maneuver within Amazon, since it's such a growing company. Super competent workforce. Can't go wrong working here for the long or short term.
They provide so many rotational opportunities. They focus on development and always willing to help. Everyone is so smart around you, it's motivating.
Stocks, Its very easy to switch teams
best place to work at amazon
Awesome compensation. Above average salary, great signing bonus for fist two years, and stock options. Benefits day 1
Good training - decent pay - flexible schedules.
Great benefits. That's about it.
You get to come in and leave work whenever you want, as long as you have hours to do. Get on FMLA and take advantage when you can go.
everybody needs to work, we all need a paycheck
Fosters personal internal growth Allows you to create and change your own path Outstanding HR representatives that help career growth Great benefits
great pay great benefits friendly co workers
Work around your college hours and provide educational benefits such as college payment and even some classes in-facility.
The experience and thoughtfulness of peers, the disciplines of test-driven development, continuous refactoring, and service ownership.
They pay $3000 a rolling year for college after a year of employment.
Decent pay and easy advancement.
Surrounded by smart, driven coworkers, who are motivated by the large scale/scope work of improving Amazon customer experiences. You'll learn from everyone around you. Analytical skills and writing skills are valued. You're empowered to experiment, take risks.
Freedom to innovate and question the status quo. You are not punished for making mistakes.
Well, in theory you get flexible hours and the ability to make your own schedule. After you become a blue-badge ("permanent" employee) you can get a Seattle transit card, so I guess that's nice if you live in Seattle. Can't vouch for other cities.
Decent pay and benefits, that's about it.
The pay and benefits and PTO
Easy job, just follow computer instruction, Flex time for schedule.
I often felt like the work I was doing directly contributed to the success of my team. I know this wasn't the experience for everyone working around me, but it was for me.  The level of professionalism I experienced was high: people take initiative, follow-through on what they say they are going to do, and expect to be held to a high standard.  On my team, work-life balance was actually pretty good!  Salary good, stock GREAT. Health insurance okay. They give you a free Metrocard and other commuter benefits, so that's good too.
Challenging work environment and solid leadership
Good company for refresher to learn and grow
Startup mentality, fast paced, opportunity to develop your own ideas
Benefits, Bonuses, and Stock Options
Good benefits and okay pay. Fun group of workers
Salary, stock, bonuses. Interesting problems to solve, that have huge impact Best and brightest people from all over the world Ownership and autonomy Every decision is made with the best interest of the customer in mind
Amazon's dedication to the customer and their employees is unprecedented. Training is expected and content is exceptional.
Awesome company with awesome benefits.
Smart people, amazing work life balance, fun environment, a top company in the tech space, management knows what they are doing and have a plan to take over the world as we currently are
great pay, great benefits, lots of growth opportunities
Best company to work for. Great benefits. Great people. Get to work from home.
Working in inbound to remove barriers to meet customer satisfaction
Very much flexible with my schedule.
Great company with wonderful atock benefits. A truly diverse culture with a toward thinking business model.
The pros would probably be nothing
Good overtime during peak season.
Health insurance is pretty good plus they pay for school after a year plus a good opportunity to meet a lot of people
It is what you make it. The bosses recognize intelligence and dedication.
Good benefits and time off - vacations, and paid time off
Pay, benefits, discount, some cool people, breaks
The company gives you some kind of flexibility in your time management. It gives you an acceptable starting pay. It respect s the employees by creating a well acceptable environment, clean, safe and well organized.
Very flexible for hours, couple of weeks paid training to start off, raises around every 4-6 months.
Dog friendly, you can bring your dog to work
Easy commute due to the central location.
-good benefits -higher than average pay -mindless work
I have money coming into my house.
the benefits are great and the 4 day work schedule
Easy, pays decently compared to similar jobs, 3 day weekends.
* Lots of opportunity * Variety of problem areas within the company * Easy internal mobility
Professional, Customer Service, Growth, Job Security, Stress free environment. Competitive Salary.
Great hrs three days off. Good pay and benefits.
Great benefits Always hiring Tons of career growth Competitive You can bring your dog to work
Laid back, they feed you when ot is mandatory
The leads and managers are very helpful and strive to help us become the best customer service representatives that we can be. It is a fun and exciting company that always creates new ways to keep their employees happy.
I value the ownership that I have in my role. I love knowing that I can experiment in ways that improve hiring manager or candidate experience. I have an exceptional team as well and their passion for customers and commitment to excellence has made my experience refreshing. It is not always easy - but that is what makes every day challenging and rewarding at the same time.
Managers are very motivating. They constantly check on you and offer help. They even line up at the end of my night shift and high-five all their employees!  Way better pay here at $13/hr than when I worked on an ambulance running EMS calls, and for less work/stress.  Awesome benefits, even for the Reduced Time associates.  The Reduced Time schedule offers full-time benefits/hours along with a schedule that gives you plenty of time with your family!
You get many hours & decent pay. Also you get a paid orientation which was nice and only a few hours.
truly "a builders paradise" where you can take on problem other companies won't even touch. Feels great to be customer obsessed (vs. competitor obessed)
good teams and people are more knowledgable
Benefits, Variable compensation bonus, lots of associate activities aimed at boosting morale
Great company, Great Benefits,
You don't have to worry about being micromanaged here
great benefits package and not too difficult of work
They are ambitious and at times innovative.
Easy to get hired Slightly above average pay Experience how world famous successful business works first hand Well established support: break rooms, rest rooms, "nurse's office", employee services website Simple tasks and responsibility The business model itself is well conceived, as far as making money goes
Good Pay kinda fun job
Amazon is a great place to learn. They will throw you right into the fire and you will be refined. There are many people who are very genuine and want to help you out. The compensation package is very nice too with a year one and two signing bonus, stock options, a choice between Premera or Aetna for insurance, and decent pay.
Worked as a sorter, Climate controlled building, hours, constant workload, people are friendly , but can be annoying when pressure build up
Work from home is nice
Good team support and plenty of hours
Lots of challenges and exciting opportunities across the company. Work/Life balance not as bad as portrayed in some of the news articles. CEO is a visionary.
employees are kind to one another and willing to help because they know how unorganized it is.
Flexible Schedules - I worked on a set schedule for 3 months then switched to a pick-your-own schedule. This works great to pick up shifts around school or another job, but is terrible to rely on.  The Work - It's very repetitive, with just enough variety to keep it from being soul crushing. The repetitiveness let's you become very good at these tasks quickly. I've never been so skilled at organizing shelves, fridges, and paper bags of stuff.  Active Job - This depends on your FC of course, but there isn't a moment of downtime and there's always something to do. This keeps things from slowing down.  Job Variety - You're gonna start with one of the worst jobs at the warehouse (stowing items into bins). If you put forward a little effort, you'll move to other jobs. These jobs might be more physical or planning oriented, and present a more engaging experience.  Coworkers - Everyone is pretty friendly.  Managers - This is a mixed bag. Some are super friendly, understanding, and savvy. Others are disaffected, uninterested, and rude.
The best is the quality of people you work with everyday, top in their fields and very professionals. There are lot of opportunities to growth and constant training, seminars and even Researcher's talks to learn directly from leading professors who visit our campuses. This company is meant for someone with passion about what you do, not to drag your feet.
Benefits start on day one
Great bonuses, clean working environment
They have a variety of hours to work.
Set your own hours (as long as they are available) Decent pay for a work from home job Direct Deposit Customers are mostly nice The goal is to make the Customer happy
Good hours and good pay
Pay, stock, associates, travel, opportunity.
My management supports me and my business clients value me. Plus, I get to wear ripped jeans to the office, cuddle puppies on my breaks, and ignore my email when I'm on vacation.
The most customer centric company on the planet. You will learn a lot and work on rewarding projects
Parking, gym, offices are amazing, they actually listen to you.
opportunity to connect with and learn from a lot of smart people.
Nothing at all. Great benefits. That's it
* Never in any company have the leadership principles (LPs) been followed this religiously. LPs are referenced every day, for every single decision. * You can challenge any idea or opinion based on LPs. * Voicing concerns or alternative opinions is NOT frowned upon like in some big companies but is encouraged. * Tons of opportunities in the company, employees are very mobile. It is very easy to move to other teams (assuming you don't have performance issues). Managers are aware of this mobility and are paying extra attention to keeping their direct reports happy / motivated. * Experimenting is a part of the culture, it is ok to fail as long as you learn from it * Stock keeps soaring
Decent start up pay for a fresher.
Benefits, time off, you meet some interesting coworkers
great hours and good benefits!
Nice paycheck and give rewards
Fun atmosphere Large company Incredibly flexible schedule
Lots of work, time flies by quickly.
Benefits are amazing. You get decent time off
Build systems that impact a lot of people and do huge things. If your team isn't making millions of dollars a year, you'll be on a new team soon.  Coworkers who range from competent to excellent.  Decent pay for the area.
They make their employees feel appreciated whenever they can. From giveaways to parties on holidays.
Work on innovative ideas and leading technology
Pay is decent and benefits are really good. Get to meet some really great and innovative people.
Stocks or Shares... Pay was ok not the best in the market.
The benefits happen to be the only positive here and NOT worth it
Competitive Compensation and benefits, Immediate responsibility, Fast paced
Good "busy work" at this location
great place to work while having fun and working out all in one place. benefits are great if you take the time to invest
Amazon is an awe-inspiring company that continues to innovate on behalf of customers. It's dynamic and focused on the future. The company is guided by 14 Leadership Principles that are thoughtful and deliberate. They guide how employees work together, drive results and serve customers.
Descent. Pay and benefits 3 days off and you can wear casual clothes also Free coffee
great growth potential, well educated staff
Lots of hours, Doable, Great pay, Overtime, Benefits
Hours and pay is plentiful during peak season. Insurance benefits at an affordable group rate. Managers were attentive and personable. Great emphasis of creating a team culture/camaraderie (departmentally). Internal advancement opportunities. Physical activity substantially improves physique. HR personnel was readily accessible. They provide you with the info that you seek. Tenure based perks. Professional environment with casual attire. Vacation time, paid time off, unpaid time off, and holiday pay.
I really enjoyed the team I worked with. I made some amazing friends and we all helped each other through a very hectic seasonal job.
stocks if you last long enough but even then half is used to pay the taxes on them diversity
Fast paced environment with never ending growth and focus on process improvement.
Good pay Decent management Rewarding Opportunities to move up
Good and a lot of overtime
Amazon is a big place you can learn and motivate.
Was exciting to be part of one of the part of the largest companies in the world. With great opportunity for advancement and an overall great environment. Would recommend!
Good benefits from day one
Great company, with lots of energy and smart people.
I survived just over 3 years at Amazon as a senior manager in marketing before leaving for another Seattle tech company. The best things about Amazon are:  1. Stock price 2. Stock price 3. Stock price  Yes, that is somewhat facetious, but it is also entirely true - it is the unspoken truth of working at Amazon that nearly everyone recognizes the corporate culture for the crap-box that it is, and that nearly everyone who lasts more than 2 years is in it for the stock price. Currently (mid-2017) this is even more true as anyone here currently joined when the stock was much lower and is now sitting on a significant amount of restricted stock.  I joined when AMZN was at roughly $310, and left with it at roughly $960. I hated most of the three years, but I stuck it out because of the stock until I just could not take one more day of incompetent management, terribly unfair reviews, and a non-existent work-life balance.  If you join today, you had better be confident that AMZN will be at $2500 in a few years, otherwise you are just signing yourself up for indentured servitude. If AMZN is not at $2500 by 2020 - there will be a LOT of regretful employees.
they have available hours and offer lots of overtime
None whatsoever. You don't get even a normal desk but a door from Home Depot nailed to 4 wooden poles.
Working at home, pay is ok
love the people and the job packing and making the customer happy, fast pace and hard work
Good Benefits, Generous time off
Great people and great culture.
Fun work environment Free shirts, food, raffles
There's always something going on to raise morale.
overtime is always available and some days vto is offered
Stocks and money . Strategy and roadmaps
Hard work but worth it.
Good place to work. Challenging atmosphere
its was a great place to work including the people were friendly
benefits, extra income, hire process was pretty fast because they needed people immediately
Once you get to blue badge status your schedule is very flexible. You pretty much get to pick the schedule you want.
Great Company, great pay,nice benefits
Good pay good work week
Pay many hours decent benefit
Note, experiences at Amazon vary lot depending on the team you're in. I've worked for the Relational Database Service team for 2+ years. - gain experience building a service that manages hundreds of thousands of database instances (lots of challenges at "Amazon scale") - gain experience working with other AWServices. - opportunities to get your hands dirty on low level database engine code. - medium operational burden -No hard deadlines. The focus is always on building a quality product.
I loved the people I worked eith, it felt like a family. My manager was very involved and if I was having a hard time he'd help me find another solution.
good pay and good benefits
Always different. I enjoy working on ways to save the company money by choosing vendors on a large scale. It is a very friendly environment.
Smartest people in the industry
Innovative environment and it's growing fast
Good pay and hours. Co workers were nice as well.
Flexiblity, career advancement, benefits, stocks, overall amazing
Good pay. And stock.
You get a discount on products. You get to work from home.
Hard problems, lots of smart people. Good support from managers, and fun projects.
You get to work independently
Salary Relocation support Business relationships Location of offices Perks - transportation options
Pay, work, increasing share value, innovation
Great people to work with! Amazing projects
Good pay good work week
paid time off and vcp
good relationship, team work, innovation, customer obsession
pay hours people benefits opportunity
You'll work with some of the best, smartest people around. Working at Amazon is invigorating in that sense, rarely do you meet a 'legacy' employee not pulling their weight. Everyone works hard, is engaged, and cares about putting forth a quality product. Big ideas are encouraged. You're at the cutting edge of new technology. Unlike others, I've not seen any issues with work/life balance.
Work from home, flexible scheduling, create your own schedule, training is good.
The people are different which makes them amazing. You can always count on a co-worker to assist you when questions arise.
It is an easy job
tired of work but still good
Especially the warehouse positions, it isn't difficult work. It's a bit monotonous, but never hard.
I work on the Alexa team in Cambridge. Pros -Very exciting product and projects to work on -Small teams - lots of autonomy and ownership. New ideas definitely heard! A very collaborative environment -Work life balance, even with a big company like Amazon we have work from home ability and no email on the weekend policy. -Really nice people work here, very friendly welcoming culture in Alexa. Never afraid to ask a question or reach out to someone who could help.
ship to your door step
Great place to start out a career. They give you a lot of responsibility so there are a lot of opportunities to make an impact and use these experiences for later career moves. Pay is good but you will earn every penny.
Easy hiring process, decent pay and lots of overtime available
Benefits, Time off as you please, Non micromanaging
I've heard everything from horror stories to "best job ever" stories, bottom line is, your experience will probably vary a lot by the team and position. That said, here are some things I've enjoyed on all of the teams (4 so far) I've worked on:  - Working with smart people. At every level, in every position, my teammates have been outstanding, really inspiring me to raise my own game - Working on interesting problems. There's a huge breadth of work to be done, and finding a team that's working on something interesting has not been a problem.
It's a highly diverse community that brings fun into work. There's a lot of encouragement shared to each other while working.
Great people over there awesome to be around.
They give you good hours
This is the most innovative environments I have ever been in. When choosing between Amazon and another tech company a few years back there was some bad press out about the company. This bad press actually motivated me to accept the offer at Amazon. To me this bad press was intriguing. Since working here I have found that the bad press i had read was not at all true for me. I always feel empowered by my team and fulfilled by my work.
Pay, benefits, managment, hours, schedule
The stock options were good.
Learnt a lot working at Amazon. Interesting work, full vertical ownership in the team and freedom to define and execute on your own milestones.
No one bothers you while you do your job. It is easy to come to work, do your job, and go home. The hours were decent, allows time for classes or a second job. I worked the 5:15am to 9:15am shift and loved it. Overall a pretty cool place to work. It can get busy at times, but nothing overwhelming.
A lot of money saved by working from home. Chance to move upwards within Amazon. The opportunity to become a blue badge employee.
I've grown so much in my 2.5 years at Amazon. Amazon's leaders really invest in the development of talent. They hold you to a high standard and motivate you to go even beyond that.
As long as you are a self motivator, you own your career path.
Being able to go from unskilled labor to a pivotal role in operations is something you cant do at a lot of companies, That said you have to seek and capitalize on opportunity for advancement when it comes, and sometimes it might never come. Once you begin moving up however, it becomes easier to highlight your strengths and gain visibility with senior management teams. Its achieving that level of visibility that is most difficult.
Great benefits & pay!
A paycheck. ..not that good
This place is wonderful to work at as a technician. Your co-works are easy to get along with and eager to teach. This will probably be one the best jobs you'll ever have. Over time is generally not offered but once a year during peak but you are garenteed 40 hours a week.
It was an excellent job, I became a supervisor, worked there for over 5 years, was well paid, worked from home.
An employment machine, hiring quickly and aggressively in such a way that it's net inevitably catches some amazing and diverse talent. Unfortunately, the same cog and wheel infrastructure, operated by ego-driven, immature and vapid managers who's main HR mantra is to find the weakest link and "manage them out." Truly disgusting .
* Decent healthcare, best plan has a $100 deductible and takes about $80 a month from your paycheck total. That's damn good healthcare for the in-network policy, and there is a very wide range of doctors who accept the health insurance. * If you manage to survive and move up in the company, you can stand around and do nothing full time. * Paid time off (a very little amount of it) * 10% discount for Amazon.com * Optional overtime.
Amazon feels like a massive startup incubator with unlimited free AWS credit.  I started my career at Amazon as a Software Development Engineer intern right out of college. I was given an open-ended problem to solve by my manager at the time who taught me a lot about the Amazon culture and how the leadership principles apply to the work we do. I had a lot of freedom to try things and explore other parts of the company, participating in hackathons and attending tech talks.  I was hired full time to keep working on the project I started as an intern. As the years went by, there was some turnover but mostly a lot of growth in our team size. After a few years, my manager of the time left and I was offered to step up and lead the team which I am still doing to this day. Since I took over, I hired enough people to quadruple our original team size. I believe that Amazon is one of the few places where you can be trusted with responsibility so fast and be given the freedom to run your own internal startup within the company.
Benefits, pay, maternity leave, stock, flexibility
Easy money as long as you stay to yourself
They have a great health insurance and some great people to work with.
medical insurance is omg amazing
Great Supervisor, Great colleagues, Great office, Great location, Great benefits, Great promotion system, Great future career options. If you can work for Amazon, you will get accepted by anywhere.
Faster growth with a good amount of learning.
The pay was pretty good.
I like that Amazon has a high performance bar, rigour, interesting work, international opportunities, strong work ethic, and a lot of smart people
Benifits stocks benifits stocks pto
Benefits. Overtime. People. White boards where you can ask higher management questions and they respond right there for everyone who may have the same concerns. Monthly meeting where you can speak directly with GM.
Very innovative, smart people with amazing products and services.
learning knowledge, complex growth path
Pay and paid lunch breaks
You learn a lot in a very fast paced environment, and you're always doing something new
You will always get new opportunities to grow here.
I have worked as an engineering manager at Amazon for nearly five years. I don't think I have learned this much in the same period at any prior point in my career. Employees at Amazon are given a lot of ownership over an area of their product/service. In my opinion, Amazon is one of the best places to join early in your career since people are stretched to own large scale projects that help them grow & develop.  I have also found Amazon to be very flexible when it comes to my work schedule. I am able to work a day or two from home when needed, leave early one day and work late another day to make up for it. As long as you are doing great work, people are very flexible.
Fun, challenging workplace with room for advancement and varying job duties relating to safety and medical care.
Benefits. Fixed schedule. Voluntary overtime. Occasional prize giveaways. Sense of comradeship. Spirit days. Career choice. Paid time off & vacation time.
The compensation is good, the opportunities to grow are great, the direction of the company is unmatched.
Is the interview process challenging? Yes! Was it worth it? Yes! I love working at AWS and am so proud to be here and a part of Amazon...I am constantly challenged every day, and everyone is VERY intelligent. It's refreshing to work here, as I am CONSTANTLY learning new things (as AWS is constantly innovating - it's in Amazon's DNA) - you will never remain stagnant or complacent in your job . We live/breathe by the Amazon Leadership Principles -- which really do make us all better. This is the reason why there is such a strong focus on the ability to demonstrate the leadership principles in the interview process...because they truly do hire based on your ability to demonstrate the principles. This is also why they interview so many people (1 in 17 get a F2F and only 30% of those who get a F2F get hired - these were the stats I last heard) to get to the "right" hires. You will never hear someone say "no" - working with other Amazonians....it's a very supportive culture that encourages employees to innovate, challenge peers, and strive to be the best they can be. I was status-quo in my old job....not evolving....but here, I am really challenging myself to grow, and that's what I love about it. Also I should mention that the work-life balance is great - Especially if it's in your DNA to work hard and appreciate the challenge...you do have time for family and friends outside of work!
Amazon is a challenging and inspiring place to work. Team members are sharp and quick on their feet and the day to day discourse is extremely interesting and varied. Management encourages independent work and it's a fairly flat structure. No micromanagement here!
Customer focus, everyone being smarter than me, the leadership principles. There are a ton of benefits of working at amazon, and I couldn't imagine working somewhere else.
Benefits. Overtime. People. White boards where you can ask higher management questions and they respond right there for everyone who may have the same concerns. Monthly meeting where you can speak directly with GM.
Good benefits on day one. Overtime avaiable especially around peak season. Co workerd were great but most were young and had very little real world exp.
Time off is easy and available first day.
Good money for a college student or someone who wants a money fast, paid weekly for fulfillment positions
Decent pay. Decent hours.
The best reason i like work at amazon is that i have fun and just do my work
Very kind and easy to work with.
Good pay, good enviroment, good place to be around to start warhouse experience
There are no Pros to working at Amazon!
It's a easy job to do and it is common sense
Amazon is the most innovative and fast paced company I have ever worked for. Amazon is changing the world and is continually pushing the boundaries of what is possible. Only the best are hired to work for Amazon, and the high caliber performance of colleagues is noticeable. Work Life balance is nothing like the horror stories of the NYT article, however it varies team to team.  The South Lake Union campus is fantastic and makes for a great place to work. Dog friendly buildings and co-workers is a great stress reliever.
Amazon's culture encourages changing teams/roles every 1-2 years if you are entry to mid level and every 2-3 years at senior or management level. This culture allows you to constantly learn new businesses and functions in a highly diverse business environment. Amazon hires a lot of smart people, whether fresh out of business school or industry all-stars, making it an enriching environment to learn from and collaborate with some of the best talent in the world. Amazon gives you a lot of autonomy as an employee, you are expected to own your role and business which often means making high business judgement decisions. I've found this to be motivating and challenging.
1) Impactful projects. 2) Learning new things on a regular basis. 3) People are smart. 4) Culture is peculiar. Some people fit in really well, and some don't.
Amazon's Leadership Principles (e.g., Customer Obsession) are real, not some marketing/PR stuff made just to look good. Unlike some other companies, I've seen top leaders use the Leadership Principles to make decisions. We also use them for hiring, promotion, and general feedback.
I LOVE working for Amazon! I am apart of the AWS team. Its awesome to work with a highly technical and motivated team. The company culture is like nowhere else. They adhere to the leadership principle and work back from the customer. It's rare to work for a company that puts its customers first and is not concerned with what the market thinks about it.
Big challenges. Bigger ideas and bigger yet opportunities to own your work. Speaking up and taking responsibility is expected. Customers are at the center of every conversation, every decision. You can and are expected to speak to whomever you need to to get things done. You are expected to try and even fail. Failure and invention are inseparable. Company encourages employees to explore their career across the enterprise. So you can change jobs without changing companies.
Money paid weekly and the vending machines
Money paid weekly and the vending machines
Limitless opportunities to make a difference. Understand the vision and Work backwards to make it your reality. Build and grow you leadership with influence strengths.
Benefits you cant beat them anywhere!!! Awarded stock after being employed for two years and gain some each following year which are now almost a 1000 a share and thw word is that Jeff Bezo will never split them.You get personal and unpaid tima as soon as you are hired full time and most the time you can start as a new hire from day one that means benefits as well.
they let you make your own schedule
Lots of smart people around (not necessarily your boss) efficiency is super (not much BS)
None that I can think of.
Just read the Amazon Leadership Principles and Amazon letters to shareholders. If that describes the type of environment you want to work in, you won't find a better place. Hours and pressure abound, but directly proportional to opportunity for and desire to grow.
To succeed at Amazon, you really do need to drink the koolaid and subscribe to their peculiar ways. This is a place where you are given enormous latitude to chip in to solve problems. Your role is defined by what you want to drive and own, not by a title. I appreciate the autonomy that Amazon gives its leaders - for good and bad. We are given room to make mistakes, learn and grow from them. As a leader, I have made mistakes and I've been praised for my analysis of the failure and the corrective actions.  I currently work in an organization with tenured Amazon leaders. They've collectively launched world-class operations and billion dollar businesses. It's amazing to learn from these leaders -- they are remarkably calm amid the chaos -- they've seen it all before.
Good pay, good benefits, quick to hire on, regular schedule, lots of overtime from Nov-Dec, ability to move up in position. It is a good in between job if you need a job right now for 1 year or less that pays decently well and has benefits.
Co-workers are fun. Most of the supervisors know it's a tedious job and give a great attitude to help us keep going.
Decent benefits, various different shifts codes that work different days of the week
Training is availble in whatever you might be interested in Getting an insight into company goals and standards Generous PTO allowance at the begging of hire/start of the year
Very civilized environment, decent workplace culture.
Great benefits, Relocation bonuses, plenty of room for advancement. Three days off per week without mandatory overtime!
Good benefits but very long hours. Management can be friendly or very rigid, depends on teams.
Great work environment in my team. However, work environment can be very different depending on your team and manager. We have regular opportunities to make concerns heard by upper management in either one-on-ones, town-hall style meetings (all-hands) and via informal pizza lunches with the division CFO. Seattle SLU campus is great and continues to get better every year! Lots of opportunities to make meaningful contributions.
Pay rate was amenable, reasonable hours, always busy!
Work life balance is awesome! Great benefits plus stock Associates always get prizes based on performance
4 days on and 3 days off. 10 hours of PTO available from day one and 20 hours of UPT. You're basically your own boss when it comes to time management, which is great if you're a responsible adult. Monthly bonuses and up to 20 hours of overtime available almost weekly. There is always work to be done. Constant recognition by management and encouragement. Area managers and Production Assistants follow up with you weekly to discuss your metrics, if you're hitting them, what you can do to improve, what you're doing well, and to discuss any barriers that may have effected your performance.  As long as you're doing well in your department there is opportunity to be cross-trained in other departments as well.
Call center involvement while working from home. Easy staff training. Everything you want while working in the lux of your own home. Metrics based and bonuses
Call center involvement while working from home. Easy staff training. Everything you want while working in the lux of your own home. Metrics based and bonuses
Amazon challenges you everyday and those challenges are fulfilling knowing your work is making history. The culture is fun and well rounded and all my coworkers have been nothing but supportive, challenging me every day, and fun!
Hours that can work around schedule for school. Including a subpar benefits package. Overall good job to have as part time
Incredible company to work for. Good Benefits, great hours and days to work. The leadership is always there to help you if you are having a problem and the teams all have a great comraderie.
Everyday I come to work and work on something new and exciting. It's a very good team environment. Never feel like I'm competing with someone - just working to improve myself.
super innovative, fast-paced, supportive and talented teammates
Convenient times and pretty good pay. The warehouse is pretty well taken care off and safety is a big deal to them.
More experience, exposure and hard work. I chose these because when you work in a ware house or in a company, (a company as great and as awesome as your company) the workers gain more and higher experience and they will get exposed to the kind of work. If this happens, they will be eager to work there more. With this also, the workers will even tell their friends about your wonderful work and persuade them to apply and work there. With this amount of workers and high ratings, your company's credibility will be seen and reviewed as the best company in California and possibly in the whole of United States
Strong work ethic company were being focused on the customer and working backwards is rewarded. Positive business outcomes for the customer is a key metric.
Fast-paced, dynamic, challenging, exciting, innovative, smart people, great CEO
benefits, pay, facilities, dog policy, interesting people
decent pay and bennys, job not too hard, climate controlled (to a point)
pretty good hourly pay and good benifits.
Great pay, great environment to work in, basically unlimited upward movement and the ability to make your career what you want.
Amazon's leaders are dedicated to generating long-term customer value, not just in their words but by their actions. There is a serious commitment to identifying and investing in future leaders who will continue to grow and improve Amazon's leadership culture. Ideas are evaluated and decisions made with an almost scientific rigor, with a strong preference for data-driven discussions. In the absence of data, calculated risk taking is acceptable as long as plans include gathering data, failing fast, and avoiding "one-way doors". The culture is apolitical, and one can find much support among universally intelligent peers, if one makes earnest effort along a compelling plan that incorporates feedback. You will learn a lot here, and you can lead amazing, high-impact contributions that are literally changing the world.
I joined AWS with a great fear that I will be working crazy hours and have non stop stress and my experience have been the exact OPPOSITE of that. My manager is supportive, thinks about my career and long term goals. My team has MASSIVE impact and we're building incredible stuff with the latest technologies. AWS is like working for a startup with lots of funding. Managed bottom's up style.
Just making a little (emphasis) money on the side.
they are willing to work with school schedules in order to have you finish school and not put you in danger
I own the customer experience for a category and I can honestly say that this is the most fun I've had professionally in my 20 years of working. The work is challenging, but I wouldn't have it any other way...I also make a habit of telling people on my team that the path to success at Amazon isn't by working crazy hours, it is getting a lot done in the hours that you do work. I've also grown more professionally in the past 4 years than I did in the previous 16.
Great benes.. Fair pay....some good perk....longevity
Great Place to work out of school
Benefits are good , Varying hours
Great pay, great environment to work in, basically unlimited upward movement and the ability to make your career what you want.
Organized environment Giant systems Good friends and managers
A very good life changing experience to work on problems at global scale. Lots of autonomy. Ton of stuff to learn.
Competitive pay, stock options, 4-day full-time work week, decent benefits, voluntary overtime is usually available
Once hired you can instantly out in for Medical and dental benefits. It was extremely easy to request time off.
easy job, decent pay, good benefits
Decent pay , but you work hard for it, lots of overtime, three days off sounds good but not enough to recuperate
Consistent shifts and Overtime Decent pay PTO
A lot of benefits for Full time.
- You really get to own what you do - Smart, engaged, co-workers - Focus on development and finding (or even creating) the right role for you - Amount of opportunities within the company - Flexible working
they are willing to work with school schedules in order to have you finish school and not put you in danger
The job is very Flexible
There is no end of opportunities to grow and become a better tech sourcer than at Amazon. You can work right in the trenches with the business groups you are aligned to and feel like you are a part of making history. It is really the best job I have ever had.
Great Environment, Innovative, Exciting, Diverse
Very good work culture Flexibility Cab facility Best place to work
Fair pay, clean work environment
- Growth potential unlimited, I feel well compensated - Amazon hires great people so you have competent managers as peers, up, and down - The interview process is exaxtly as advertised. Its not easy but no mind gales and no surprises.
Steady work and simple tasks
Good pay Great schedule Clean Always room for advancement
Huge company that is doing a little bit of everything. Your contributions do have an impact of the direction of your group.
Its a job. I guess
An active environment, where the company really does put the customer first.
You can get extra shifts
I absolutely love the group I'm on and adore my team members. Everyone is super helpful and ready to answer my questions. I've learned a ton since I started (I'm an intern) and enjoy my project. My manager, mentor, and skip-level have 1:1s with me every single week, to talk about my career goals, issues I might be facing, etc - essentially, the meeting is mine to do with what I wish. Also, working from home is an option - not all the time, since asking questions is way easier in person, but if you need to do so occasionally, they're okay with it.
Your work matters Amazing culture Feels like a startup even if large company
Fun, thriving environment. Employees are treated like adults
Work from home, company really cares about their employees, AWESOME advancement oppurtunities!
1. Very good compensation structure (Base Salary + Generous joining bonus + RSU) 2. Easy internal transfer process 3. Immigration friendly 4. Focus on innovation 5. #2 company to work for in USA
Great company to gain experience and skills. Good pay as stock keeps growing. Very good opportunities to grow. Ample number of options to learn new things. Very very smart people.
Working from home that's about it Easy work if you can use tech Mostly nice people, however some leaders can be condescending
Amazon is very flexible with time off If you work hard, they will work with you on new assignments and moving up The Tier 1 jobs are easy to obtain and will allow you to establish your reputation Most manager attempt to live up to the Amazon mottos.
Your peers are just as smart as you are (probably smarter), rapid pace of innovation, little bureaucracy, start-up feel with large company perks, flat organizational structure = access to senior management. Openness for talent to move from one division to another or to move from one function to another. This happens quite often.
Competitive salary, merit based advancement, large opportunity for personal growth.
Good benifits and good people to work for
Great opportunities to learn and grow
Its a job. I guess
People don't like to cooperate, they like to challenge. Sometimes it is good, sometimes it influence the mood of cooperation.
Flexibility, Growth Potential, Ability to be heard and make a difference in solving real problems in real time. Fantastic organization that still allows you to learn new tricks in spaces you thought you knew well.
People don't like to cooperate, they like to challenge. Sometimes it is good, sometimes it influence the mood of cooperation.
Flexibility, Growth Potential, Ability to be heard and make a difference in solving real problems in real time. Fantastic organization that still allows you to learn new tricks in spaces you thought you knew well.
I took this position because I was tired of being the "Smart Person" in the room. Working at AWS I now am surrounded by people who I can learn from and grow with. There is a high bar for hiring, and I am honored I was able to join. Aside from that, the technology at AWS is incredible, the velocity and change is constant, so there is constant learning and challenge, and the customer projects are interesting, and generally "Hard", which is why they need ProServe. I'm proud to work at AWS, and proud of the work that we do for our customers.
Innovative, fun and exciting!! The best company to recruit for by far.
Amazon has a LOT of opportunity for career and leadership development. I have been here over 3 years and have progressed through the ranks and am finding the leader in me.  It is very much an opportunity that can either fall flat, or take you to the next level. Jump in with an attitude of showing up every day ready to learn and work hard and you'll get really far. If you are only willing to the bare minimum, or less, than this probably won't be much of an opportunity for you.
I'm able to have visible impact on the company and my work is valued. My org has a very healthy work/life balance. I'm able to work on problems at a scale that few others get to.
Great work environment, upper management really listens and acts on feedback, great career growth potential.
Amazon is encouraging. Encouraging of innovation, creativity, trying new ways to better the business. It is challenging and fast-paced, with very little hand-holding. This kind of environment is not for everyone but is perfect for me.
Good paycheck and benefits for families
Challenging work environment with endless opportunities for growth. You truly get out what you put in. Amazonians know how to get things done but also know how to have fun! I truly admire all of my coworkers and work with the smartest people in the world. The Seattle campus itself is amazing.
Great place to learn, invent and build. Agile and fast environment. Great urban campus with lots of food and great views.
The feel of a start-up with the stability of a large company. High-performing co-workers. Customer obsession is a real thing - not just a tag line. Org is flat, which is great. Doesn't suffer from the "middle management" overhead of similar companies.
Lots of freedom, lots of opportunities to innovate-- rewarding challenges and wonderful people to work with. Tons of opportunity for advancement
The culture is fast paced and amazing. We use a term "you own your own career" here which is so true. You can take it as far and as deep as you have the drive for, and truly in whatever your interest field is, the company will support you. I've been here 2 years and this will by my 4th role. I love it! I've always wanted to be an entrepreneur but the opportunities here at Amazon and ability to "own" things will probably keep me here forever!
No two days at Amazon have been the same for me. Even when working on the same types of tasks, I've seen, learned, and done new and interesting work.  My management has always been customer focused. It's more than talk, they walk the talk.  The company is huge but there are always opportunities to do and learn new things.  My team is very helpful when I am stuck and answers questions without being judgmental.  An excellent health insurance plan.  I think I am compensated well. Though, other companies seem to have perks we don't.  I feel like I am making a difference in the world while, at the same time, making money. It's less of selling stuff and more of helping other people have the tools they need to improve their lives and livelihoods.
Great and supportive environment, you work with incredibly smart people, great compensation and benefits (better than most other employers), challenging tasks, you learn something new and amazing every day. Great culture too!
Amzon is a great platform for selling products. You have flexibikity in how much and when you want to work. There is basically no limit to your income.
I'm surrounded by some of the smartest people I know. They help me elevate my game. No politics. I get to help invent the future of retail.
If you are willing to learn, they are willing to teach Flexible hours
The level of autonomy to make decisions in the field is a critical factor to the level of career growth you can achieve and speed of results for customers.
If you are willing to learn, they are willing to teach Flexible hours
The level of autonomy to make decisions in the field is a critical factor to the level of career growth you can achieve and speed of results for customers.
Paid time off and vacation time
Amazon has a flat leadership structure that allows for all people in the organization regardless of seniority or tenure to be creative, provide innovative ideas and own the ideas through. Employees are empowered to think big and have a big customer impact in all disciplines from recruiting to engineering or employees in our fulfillment centers.   In many organizations there is also a lot of flexibility to where and how you work. I personally work from home 2-3 days per week and it is a huge perk for me not to have to commute. Amazon also is increasing part time opportunities for many disciplines- and they truly are PART TIME I also love being able to bring my dog to work and all the fun dog parks Amazon provides.
- Chance to follow your passion, on your time - Near unlimited resources - Great pay - Many training opportunities
Innovative is an understatement. Decentralization and ownership of projects/programs is a given. I would not be anywhere else right now, than here.
Fantastic opportunity. Fast paced. High expectations. Lucrative. Ownership.
You get to work with smart people from all over the place
Physically demanding but generally easy work. If you showed interest or simply asked for it, you had opportunities to learn to do other tasks besides the general associate scanner job. I liked how they worked with my schedule and let me come in a little later 2 days out of the week since I was traveling from school in Arlington to Irving.
Stock, great health benefits, They give 20 hours of Unpaid Time per Qtr that accrues to a total of 80 hours. This is time you can use at any time for any reason.
Free Coffee and popcorn. Great events and community stuff. Love the work environment.
There's a variety of jobs that you can do/are scheduled to do.  Its a very fun environment and there's hundreds of people, so its perfect for a social butterfly like myself. I met new people every day of working there. the jobs are pretty easy but if working double shifts it can get a bit mundane that is why i used to switch up my job roles.
good, friendly, perspective, careful, young
Great for independent employees. You get fair amount of autonomy with large scope. The company balances speed and scale in an impressive way.
Paid time off and vacation time
Merit based advancement - but only one kind of merit Never bored - always something new Customer obsession is real (really!) Freedom to shape your own way to get stuff done Pay is some of the best out there Stock price
Innovation, challenge, Stock price, Company growth
The benefits provided are phenomenal. Employees get to enjoy benefits from day one. We receive monthly bonuses, a raise after your first 90 days, then again every 6 months after that.
Great Benefits, RSU Stock Awards, VCP monthly bonus, career choice tuition assistance, and a lot of options for moving up.
superior compensation, smartest people in the industry work there, lightning fast advancement opportunities
Best place to work and has a lot of room for growth
Good challenging, good technical learning place, full with passion.
- Work with top talent. - Work on high-scale, fascinating work. - Good company mobility. Changing teams every year or two is encouraged, giving the opportunity for a lot of diversity of experience if desired.
Compensation and benefits are hard to beat. People love Amazon and want to hear more about your job. Amazon will promote you quickly if you are wiling to commit and stay committed.
Great benefits Company is strict on Safety First
Great crew to work with. Very little overtime, so there is a lot of time with family. Insurance was good
best job I have ever had!
Best things about working at Amazon: Solid compensation Dog policy (office therapy dogs) Potential to do big things (you just won't be thanked or very recognized for it)
benefits, pto, holiday pay, weight loss
Benefits 3 days off lots of overtime
Its not a bad company. Great benefits and pay. But overall I recommend because there are so many ways to move around company.
Amazon is an admirable company in many ways and I think there are some positive changes on the horizon. Amazon primarily is a learning organization. They are not afraid to make mistakes and learn from them and move on. They allow employees a lot of leeway to run ahead and learn and do. You can learn more in a year at Amazon than you can in several years somewhere else.
Excellent benefits -- as long as you are hired directly by Amazon, not a temp agency. Four 10-hour days, which means three days off every week. Great exercise as a picker -- walking 10-15 miles per shift. Everyone hired at the same time as me went down several sizes in the three months. Pay is above minimum wage, which is good for a person of no previous experience.
Easy job, kind managers, helpful staff
Good pay for overnight shift. Coworkers make the environment pleasant and fun. Health & life insurance. 3 nights on 4 days off.
Benefits, salary, dogs, holiday party
Pretty good pay and benefits as well
Great benefits, even for part timers. I worked during peak and they had constant perks going on, 5-10 dollar gas cards just for showing up and doing your scheduled shift, free snacks, cash bonuses etc. It was fast paced and fun!
Competitive pay, flexible scheduling, various time off options
Easy and self paced. Didn't have to talk to people
The benifits,you can grow with the company,career choice ,open door policy
The ability to propel your career forward, build from scratch and innovate.
good pay which is good
The offer great pay and there are a lot of opportunities for advancement. They also are one of the only companies I have seen that allow someone from HR to move into another field such as finance, marketing, operations etc.
Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing
You will learn alot within a year of being at Amazon. Great career advancement. Alot of opportunities.
Really not much good to say
Pay, benefits. Great hours if you get the right position.
Flexible Schedule , Good pay
Decent pay Spectacular benefits (health, dental, 401k, etc.) Chances for over time On the job training (powered equipment of particular note)
the opportunity for vto, nice manager
Great pay and location. Great place to learn new tech and get experience.
Opportunity to work full time if transfer request is accepted
They pay is pretty good for working in the Central Valley
Amazon makes sure that you get opportunities to rise the level of your ability. You'll learn more in a year at Amazon than in two years at most companies.
Great Company - Very tough hiring process, once you get through be prepared for personal and professional growth at an aggressive pace!
The work is pretty hard
You have great opportunities for your employees and set them up for life.
We receive PTO, UPT and vacation
It was the only company that would hire a University grad with no social network to mooch off of, and no previous work experience. However they also hire any kid fresh out of high school.
We receive PTO, UPT and vacation
It was the only company that would hire a University grad with no social network to mooch off of, and no previous work experience. However they also hire any kid fresh out of high school.
Limitless opportunities, Amazon allows employees to rotate regularly and is involved in tons of different industries. Well compensated and hours and fair.
Pay was great . Included benifits were awesome (dental, vision, and 401k). Employees also recieve 5 Amazon stocks (when I worked there last). Jos was very simple to understand. Also had paid time off and vacation time.
Self guided training. Decent wages. Assistance available via chat when stuck on a call.
Great schedule with lots of room to move up
Decent pay out of high school, and 3 days off are nice
company provides good benefits, optional overtime or time off. Managers listen to and appreciate feedback. Option to transfer to other departments.
Real benefits, voluntary overtime, fixed work week, stock options, your dating life might improve?
Great place to work yay
Great benefits 401k Great healthcare benefits
just everything to the place is great
Amazing opportunity to watch your initiatives become reality. Hard work is encouraged and everyone you work with is at the top of their game.
Wage plus stock options. I also got health insurance including mental heath coverage which I needed.
The pay was wonderful and all the benefits were good. The no interview was great. Because that is a weakness for some people./
Good benefits and lots of overtime
work 4 days off 3
The usage of PTO and UPT is flexible.
Predictable day-to-day. Always something going on to stay involved Flexible schedule for students Great introduction into company cultures
The benefits they provide the starting pay and the incentives they give are all pros
Great pay, benefits, and people
Friendly co-workers, amazing benefits, respectful leaders, and a decent pay rate.
good company to work for.
I enjoyed working here. Decent hours and pay.
Fun and innovative work environment. Leadership principles are the basis to this company that is always evolving. Jump on board or be passed up.
Fast moving, growing, innovative company full of smart people. If you are self-motivated and want to get things done, this is your place. Never a dull moment and always challenging or you are working for the wrong team. Ability to move within the company. Dog friendly. Cultural diversity.
If you are looking to get ahead in life and are willing to make some sacrifices to do so, Amazon might be the best place for you.
Ever-changing, always something new to do or learn.
JUST A WEEKLY CHECK AND WATER
- large number of teams and different areas of work - easy to switch within teams
Set schedule, decent benefits, opportunities for overtime
Time off. Benefits. Provided food a few times
career development, fast paced environment so never bored, entrusted with a lot of ownership and business impacting decisions.
Friendly co-workers, amazing benefits, respectful leaders, and a decent pay rate.
Lots of thing to learn from Challenging environment
Great work at home job, with options for chat or Phone. They also allow you to edit your schedule based on your need and allow you to take time off if it can be approved.
Cutting edge, smart people, ability to innovate
I love the company and their mission
Awesome company with great benefits.
Decent Pay Lots of time off
Decent Pay Lots of time off
Co-workers, work from home, small bonuses
Flexibility , is the only thing I can think of. I applied for a full time job but was given a part time job.
Lured in the same way it seems everyone else was - $$. $12/hour with no experience and a 4-day work week with paid vacation and PTO seemed great. Chose the job as a temporary fit while finishing my BA.
OT opportunities, great pay and benefits (but for a good reason)
Great pay, awesome people, hours
Once you're in the door and doing well, tons of opportunities to explore new areas
Benefits, family -like environment, plenty of time off
Benefits, options to move around the company, opp to learn a lot.
get paid for your time spend
They have a good variety of great Benefits
The work experience is good. People are very friendly.
I met my step goal each day.
Its better than nothing but next nothing. If you a job you will start part time working 3 to 5 hours a day
Good pay and ok benefits.
Work from home Able to pick your own hours when shift bids are available Team chat rooms to help while you work in case you get stuck with a strange issue Health insurance
Easy money, plenty of hours to work, hard work is rewarded usually
known name, prestigious, good salaries, good experience
The benefits are great, school accommodation, and stocks.
Pushed to keep the bar high. Kept me at the top of my game.
40 plus hour work weeks
Great Benefits and Work Environment
Lot of responsibility, ability to manage your destiny and good comp
Great People, Good Salary, Everyday is filled with challenges and learning. I joined Amazon a year back from an another giant, and trust me I believe Amazon has very clear goals than my previous employer.
Carrier development and flexible schedule
3 days off and you get to be yourself with your team members.
Promising company with a bold CEO.
The pay is great in my opinion
Always looking for ways to make the job more efficient
You're really working with the brightest and best people Pays really well Work/life balance is what you want it to be Lots of great training available You're empowered to do what you want to do
Room to grow. I've moved up four times in three years with the company and have doubled my starting salary.  You are working with people that love their job (most of the time) and enjoying being at work. Your peers are often smart and motivated.  See a problem? Fix it! You really are empowered to innovate and improve, no matter how big or small.  It's fun!
Good pay, good benefits, great development, tons of opportunity.
Team work reigns , very employee friendly
I hesitantly joined around a year ago. Hesitance based on public image. The pace is super fast AND there are many opportunities to slow it down to balance work/life... you just need to know how to take them. A lot of really smart people. Great tooling for quality of life for Software Engineers. Easy to push your own ideas up the ladder. Everyone seems very supportive about that.
Plenty of room for advancement and training, benefits OPS is great too!
Great benefits, okay pay, guaranteed full time and a set schedule
Flexible Schedule. Able to pick the hours you'd like to work
Easy flexible hours with fixed schedules
Great benefits and stock options
Its a fun place to work
Highly motivated people, decent compensation
They'll hire anyone Usually plenty of work
Benefits, people, benefits, benefits, too bad you can't eat your benefits
Most DAs are in their 20s and the general culture is amiable. Amazon offers great insurance packages. Some teams have less strict rules. The job is straightforward for anyone with a proficient understanding of the English language.
Fast paced and excited= good
Innovative ideas, technically interesting work, fast pace
Pleasant experience with my managers in sorting center. Overtime is often available. Work is not difficult in my opinion. Pay is decent for part time position- over $ 12 after 90 days
New knowledge, give you a very good start to learn stuff. Projects are very challenging.
Benefits are amazing, opportunities to travel to different FCs.
Amazing people and technology at your fingertips. You can find something now in nearly every line of business that fits your skill set. Most people are actually human beings once you get to know them...even though culture can be robotic.
Seasonal job and extra hours during holiday . Short breaks and time off but not paid for . Good part time job make to quick buck but don't try to stay long.
Everyone truly cares about the customer. Some teams are working on game-changing technologies. Amazon is well-positioned to make an impact on the way retail operates and on the way everyday people live. The Principal Engineers are very smart and they give presentations on cutting-edge topics. The benefits are pretty good and the compensation is quite high even for engineers early in their career. Lots of people bring their dogs to work.
Runs and operates like a start up. The company is not afraid to backup their best people and groom them quickly for leadership positions. Lots of mentorship and leadership coaching. True meritocracy.
I believe that I can further my career development at Amazon
Good starting job for those that are graduating from high school
school accommodation is great
Ability to own large scale projects. Great benefits Great work culture Flexible hours Exciting business as growth is continuing
Stock compensation, bonus, relocation was offered to another State. Those are the only good things I can think of at the moment
Perfect for growing into the managerial role.
Good money, big projects. Some smart people work there.
- pay, but not worth it if you look at it overall - benefits (?)
Flexibility of working from home, love the company, discounted shopping, and the medical benefits can't be beat. Sometimes there is also voluntary time off that you can sign up for that does not take away from your personal time off balances.
You get the opportunity to work with very smart people, make your own strategy (as long as it meets the company's goals), always new things to learn, ease of mobility between departments and possibility to work worldwide.
Timelines as per our comfort Work Culture at its best Work Life balance in everything you do
A lot of good people to work with. The benefits are acceptable
part time evening hours, overtime, paid holidays, easy work
work from home flexible schedule
helpful and productive engineers everywhere
challenging, fun, good people, a lot of opportunity to move up with no college if you put in the time and work.
Laid back as long as you make rate. 3 days off a week.
Good Benefits Growing stocks Growth Opportunities are really good
Work hard and have the right attitude and you can move up quickly. I moved up from a level 1 to a level 3 position, in 4 months
Decent benefits, paid time off, always work so no worries about being short on hours, paid holidays, and you get a small employee discount
It's money, and you need to live.
The Pros...well they're Pros in S& M. So if you like pain/suffering or giving pain & suffering, this place is for you. Free coffee. I did like having 3 days off in a row which was accomplished via working 10 hour days. I liked my coworkers and some of the supervisors but when work was slow, the supervisors would ask people if they wanted to leave early and even encouraged people to take time off & if they stayed then they'd be forced to pressure people or scare them so they will want to leave on their own by week 2 of working there. So if you hate it or sense something is wrong, you can use that time to look for work elsewhere. Off the bat you can take a lot of unpaid PTO (unpaid personal time off), and later are earning PTO (paid time off) after being there 90 days. You get a discount of 10% purchases when you are an associate and buy from Amazon.COM, they have benefits (although u may not live to see it if you aren't in their "inner circle" , coz I did notice certain people goofing around or having inappropriate conversations and lollygagging and suffer no repercussions while others are practically going into cardiac arrest running w/ their heads cut off trying to keep up at a frenzied pace. Pay is nice if you work both graveyard and weekends but not enough considering the sleep depravation or not even seeing any of your day time friends and family. you don't have time to actually make friends during breaks/lunch so if you are not into socializing at work or on your own time, it's great.
- Great Benefits -Great Compensation -Good Work/ Life Balance -Decent Pay
good pay, good benefits, only work 4 days a week
Challenging work environment that develops leadership skills for young managers
Flexible Hours, good pay, no micromanagement
Dental, Life insurance for everyone.
Great benefits and able to get a lot of time off.
Startup environment in a big company, Equity growth, Great peers, and great learning environment.
Opportunities are readily available if you work hard and follow the rules. They company expansion has created a ton of opportunity.
Good training and tools and technical information
10 hour shift=3days off to recover, if that is possible. Graveyard shift w/ 10 hour days might work for someone who wants to be so occupied & tired that he/she will not have time to worry or get depressed about a dismal situations. Oh, also you get to lose weight, guaranteed ...much like the Auschwitz concentration camp diet coz you don't even have time to eat during the 2 breaks and lunch because the breaks although are considered 15 minutes and lunch is 30 minutes, they are actually only 5-7 for break and 15 for lunch approximately being that they start the countdown as soon as they yell "break," so if you miss hearing it, you might have to cut your break even shorter because as soon as it's over, you are expected to attend a meeting each day & stretch while listening to the supervisor telling the group that they did well or poorly. If you do well, they might offer a piece of candy or tickets to an event you won't feel like attending coz u won't have the energy to go. Free coffee & water stations are available for refilling your bottles. You will learn how corporate America works. Overtime is good but you will pay for it later. Benefits & stock...if you stay long enough to see it.
If you are used to jobs that pay $15-$16 an hour, you might be happy with the increase in pay. Hard-working employees. Vested Amazon stock options after two years for full time employees. Sometimes your Ops Manager will buy lunch for you and your team on Amazon’s company card. Three days off per week for Shift Managers and Shift Assistants when it’s not peek shipping season.
Learned a lot about surveying, civil engineering, working with town Planning Board and other town offices, overseeing a number of people, which I had done in different positions in academia and corporate settings prior to that. Marketing through a website and other means. Interviewing builders, architects, realtors, etc.
Very competitive. Delivering results is high priority
I work for AWS.  You will work with incredibly smart people Opportunities to work globally Relocation globally is fairly easy  If joined 3+ years ago you'll be happy with your vesting stock
Benefits and pay sometimes and meet new people
Easy job Short hours Weekly pay
Compensation is good Career growth It's challenging work, but rewarding
Great work environment, great place to learn.
40 hr weeks guaranteed. Voluntary Extra Time. Mandatory Extra Time. 40 hrs Vacation Pay. 40 hrs paid time off. 40 hrs unpaid time off. Great and affordable Health Insurance. Steady set schedule. No micro managing. Friendly co-workers. Incentives. Activities. Room for advancement. Free coffee.
Good pay and benefits fun work
Great environment to work in.
I just started here last night and I absolutely love it. And I can't wait to learn new things.
Not many people a year out of college get to say that they lead a team of 100+ people while also getting to participate in high profile projects. Your time at Amazon is what you make it-- if you can accept the fast-paced, high stakes, "no excuses" work environment, there is no limit to what you will achieve. You will look back in disbelief over how much you have grown in a year.
Great Benefits, Easy work, Lots of Fun
Friendly management, incentives, voluntary hours opportunity, relatively easy work.
You learn a lot in the fast paced culture.
Pay in some roles, work demands in some roles
A great company to work with.
If you need any help with lifting or pulling you are most likely to get assistance from your fellow coworkers. The pay is great.
The hours worked well for me and most of the staff was friendly.
Frankly Not Much , Nothing to be proud of
100% telecommute. Decent amount of time given for time off (tho, as a seasonal employee, you miss some perks of any paid vacation. Appears to be a very good system in place for learning in all levels, tho I am very new so only have access to the newbie training. Very extensive and informative knowledge center allows for plenty of independent exploration.
- Interesting and challenging work - Amazing engineering culture - Good career growth - Decent pay
Fast Passed Leading end of Tech Travel opportunities
Amazon offer many opportunities for advancement along with flexibility.
Everything is going well currently
work is appreciated, work life balance is good
Benefits and pay are good
Great benefits Great people (not management)
Flexible hours, short shifts and simple tasks
The people, benefits, independent work, bonuses.
Fast paced, 4 week learning curve
The base pay was competitive with similar industries in the area but the stock awards, being Amazon, were phenomenal. There were extremely talented people working there and I truly enjoyed my co-workers
Good pay, willing to basically take anyone at the moment especially for the new facility, great to have benefits even as part time.
Compensation was good Tons of upward mobility Work with really smart people Learnings were extensive and shaped my career
The leadership principles are awesome
Can get managers that truly care and will enable you to grow in the direction you wish. All the benefits are great. Working on the bleeding edge of tech As long as you hit your required 40/hrs management does not expect more.
Benefits on first day
Amazon is not for everyone, as we have a different way of doing things. The interview process is intense and extensive. It is specifically designed to find "Amazonians". With that said, if you are a fit the company is the best!!! Simply stated, if you have a good idea and you can make the case for it, you can do it. You will be encouraged to think of new and innovative solutions to your AOCs. You will be challenged in the same sense. If you want to make a difference and work on cutting edge programs/technology/innovations, you couldn't pick a better company.
good pay for what you work for.
- Really easy work  - Working in grocery story as a picker was far less stressful than what it sounds like the FC would be, especially with regards to time/efficiency  - Great co-workers who generally worked together to meet our shift goals
Worked in Facilities, and had 3 days off each week.
I enjoyed my time with Amazon. The people were really cool to work with.
Awesome work enviroment and great people to work with
Good working atmosphere for a newly joined employee
good pay and benefits
Most benefits such as health
Amazing environment to achieve more than you've ever done before amongst amazingly driven people.
Worked in Facilities, and had 3 days off each week.
Good pay, great bonuses stock after first 2 years and then once a year.
They have pretty good benefits. Bonuses exist, though they are usually very small. The pay is comparable to similar jobs.
becoming aware of various programs and learning ways of company staff when dealing with merchandise
Benefits are great, pay is good, great environment
I worked from home was the only pro of this company.
Lots to do, can be interesting work. Great for getting your foot in the door.
-Not much to be honest
flexiblity, and sense of family culture
Work isnt hard and schedules are flexible
Fun, Easy Going, Flexible, Competitive pay, career connections
The best company ever. They were easy on the employees and gave out prizes
I cannot yet compose a review of all the PRO (s) I am certain to experience whilst being an Amazonian. I was one of the first 100 candidates to attend the Amazon Hiring Event in Sept. 2016. Unfortunatly, a few miscommunication challenges, delayed my onboarding. I remained relentless, professionally tenacious...Amazon I my gateway to reinventing myself . For this I know, I will achieve promotions, contribute ideas and finally enjoy going to work everyday
If you hate yourself. Do not have a social life. And don't have a family. Work here.
benefits but they don't tell all you need to know
Great Teamwork, fun environment, extremely open to questions. If you have great staff and management everything works in sync well
The pay and benefits are good considering that this is warehouse work. I have been at the PHL6 building for one week. I am an order picker. The orientation is 5 hrs and on the job training for this position is one shift. You will be on your feet for 10 hrs. You will sweat out all the fluids that you drink. This is a labor intensive job. You will be given 4 weeks to meet your quota consistently. If you are afraid of heights, this is not the job for you. You will be provided personal protective equipment. There are employees that are labeled as Ambassadors. These are the people who will train you. Pray that you get someone that actually wants to train you or you will be left with a lot of questions. I have been fortunate enough that many of the people on my shift have been very nice and helpful. The shift will go by very fast. I was so busy with my work that I would forget the time. Be sure to be courteous to your fellow employees. They will pay you in kind. Once you are an employee for 90 days you can look into transfers if that is something you want. An HR representative is on duty 24/7 so you can ask questions about your pay, benefits, time off, etc. Make sure to utilize the people available to you. It's their job.  And lastly, make some friends!
Stock went up during my tenure
Great fast paced environment
Amazon is the best place I've worked for teaching and requiring people to be intelligent and thoughtful in their business decisions. If you want to learn how to think and execute intelligently, go to Amazon, learn how to structure your thinking in written formats (business docs), and you'll come out much better for it.
-Friendly -Great Enviroment -Decent Pay -Managers actually care
Opportunity to learn, grow and advance within the company. Strong total compensation
Lots of ownership and opportunity to work on startup like challenges.
they give very good pay almost $12.25 and also gives extra time. i worked as seasonal sortation associate
Good starting company. Fun work environment, good benefits. They have all kinds of shifts. The work is hard but also rewarding.
You get what you work for
good for students to start their first job
Great benefits, customer centric, career growth potential, company shares (stock), on the job training and career development, and very friendly to employees with military attachment.
Amazon looks good on your resume.
the company did a really good job at motivating the employees. Good organization of roles within fulfillment centers.
Good fast growing company. Good CEO
Great salary, great benefits, stocks!!
Great benefits and decent pay
The people I work with and I got trained in many functions
The employees and lower management are awesome. Benefits are amazing.
Benefits are offered on Day 1 Hourly Wage is okay
Encourages new ideas and emphasizes on Action and Deliver
Friendly and entertaining hardworking welcoming
Great company package and peesonal time management HR is amazing
Career advancement, leadership role, meet new people, work within a company committed to cultural diversity.
Salary and I learned a lot from peers. Lots of locations to transfer to.  Great starting bonus and stock. HR is helpful.
Only work 4 days a week, great benefits. Low pay for what they want from you for 10 hours.
Awesome resources at your disposal Opportunities to work with immense-scale systems that exist in few (if any) other places in the world
Great benefits, awesome work environment, great moral. Best of all, they love to have fun and celebrate for everything. It's great
Understanding Management Accessible HR/Administration Helpful Employee Rescources
Flexible schedule. Good environment.
Good pay, good benefits, friendly team
Career advancement happens very quick
There wasn't an interview, which is both good and bad.
It was an easy job
good pay and stock and benefits
great benefits package is included
Good associates hard working
I love my Job. It is self driven.
This job was fun and challenging without being high stress. It was a great workout.
Pay was awesome and benefits the first day
Working at home being able to be with your kids as long as they are quiet.
Fraud Company Don't trust this company. This Company MD. Sarath Babu. He is Fraud person, don't trust him
Easy, free time, flexible hours
-Great pay -4 day work week -Constant innovation -Autonomy to try and invent new processes -Fulfilling work
able to work from home pick my hours enjoy computer work.
Active and physical work life Casual dress code
Great benefits package over competitors.
Sometimes exciting projects will come to you.
Good company to make an experience.
-High pay for managers (you'll earn it) -Starting bonus -Work with some great people -Relocation benefits -Looks great on resume to future employers -Mentor program--got to see my mentee promoted
Great benefits and pay - double what I was making prior at MSFT after 3 years
Amazing company with massive growth New York office has incredible culture RSUs that, once vested, can secure your financial future Lots of really smart colleagues Challenging, motivating work People eat, sleep and breathe the leadership principles (this is good or bad, depending) Lots of international travel opportunities They invest heavily in training, so lots of opportunity to grow If you can prioritize you can set your own schedule but you are the only one who can set those boundaries for yourself.
Great Amazon benefits, Challenging work
-Keeps you busy -Great Networking events -Ability to work on your own -Fast paces
Don't feel like a warehouse job
Amznflex has got an Excellent compensation
Healthcare is inexpensive, dental, and vision insurance. Easy to use employee webpage. Can access your pay, schedule, and everything else from there.
The benefits are kind of good. You can go to school threw them after one year of employment. You can leave whenever you want and come in late whenever you want if you are full time. You don't have to call it in you can just use the employee hub.
Good holiday pay - that's about it.
Full time Water fountains available And medicine for the aches was available
Good pay, in large part due to stock being a major part of compensation and stock shooting through the roof. Generally smart, driven co-workers. Job security if you do decently well.
Pay is not bad. Some paid holidays and some paid time off. Sometimes they give us catering like for Thanksgiving 🍗 . For all of peak season they gave us food and candy and hats and shirts, gift cards and things and gave away a bunch of TVs and Xbox ones playstations Nikon's and stuff. 4 days off. I've been there 7 months, moved up the 1st month, and again at the end of 4months. Pay increased $5 hr since I started.
Easy to get a seasonal job, due to the demand during the holiday season.
Decent pay Vision and dental and a "health pay" Set scheduled Short shifts or long shifts (with vet)
Pretty fun and relaxing and good culture
Truly customer focused. Tremendous operation and great experience
Work from home, flexible hours
Smart people and strong culture
Stock grants (vested scheduled) are a big reason to stay. The further you move up, the more you are granted.
When you are doing well and/or feeling good about the job, it is very rewarding. It definitely helps you grow and develop yourself. You are put in charge of your development and whatever you put into it, you will get out of it. You are surrounded by a lot of really smart people which helps to learn about different ways of thinking and attacking problems/obstacles.
Fast moving and team oriented
Well known American business that pays hourly employees well.
Ability to move up if you are kissing butt to the managers.
paycheck before xmas was nice
Great employees and staff all-around lots of overtime available weekly, great resume builder, good health care
Growth, innovation, opportunity to try new things, large support community, transparency, clear objectives
A few DSP (Delivery Service Provider) drivers may be able to work their way up and convert into the Amazon side of things, where true FT benefits exist.
Company shares after one year Expectations are explained upfront With the proper attitude, you can learn a variety of logistics & warehouse skills
big company and great works to do
At Amazon, the career path variety is infinite and the professional growth potential is equally limitless. If one sincerely employs Amazon's Leadership Principles, they will be successful.
Flexible work schedule, smart people, interesting projects
Excellent. Right way to solve the problem.
The pay for graveyard shift was really good
- freedom to take on projects - great learning opportunity - fast pace - Flexible to transfer among different divisions
good people to work with
Amazon was a great employer
Innovative company with great opportunities to advance
Good pay and the driving is awesome.
Loved my coworkers. My department (icqa-support) always supported each other and had each other's back, other then management. The ERC is amazing. And the job is fun.
A paycheck that is about all
There is no pros for this job. run away. The management think they are better than you and only care about the rate.
There is no pros for this job. run away. The management think they are better than you and only care about the rate.
Good pay nothing else really
1. A lot of talented and nice teammates 2. Salary is good
Learn a lot of things and good working environment
Great environment for new and existing employees
Lots of opportunity to learn new skills Smart people May interesting problems to solve
Money - experience means it's easier to find other work when you eventually leave.
Money, benefits, fun, easy job, chance to be creative
Nice people working there..Employees are fun to be around.
Pay cycle every week
Get to be on the road pretty much with no boss
Lots of exciting projects to work on. Lots of smart people to work and collaborate with.
Good pay and occasional giveaway
Set schedule plus chose extra hours
Benefits, Paid Time Off, Unpaid Time Off, Vacation, Depends on schedule you get a certain amount of days off.
Exciting work environment with a ton going on
Benefits and stocks are decent Some programs they offer for education such as career choice
There are Lots of Resources for you provided by Amazon There are a lot Friendly People You earn a Good Salary
Things change fast, you always have lots of new things to learn and grows fast.
good pay good leaders friendly enveryment
Amazing place to be to push yourself beyond your limits. There's alway interesting work esp for Researchers and Engineers. Huge opportunities for anyone in or wanting to working the ML space.
Unlimited opportunities within the company to switch jobs
flexible schedule, zero supervision, the ability to do pretty much whatever you want without somebody breathing down your neck. If you want a job where nobody cares about the work you do, then this company is for you!
A beautiful fulfillment center where you can get a lot of experience with general warehouse duties. Fast paced and can be fun. It's honestly what you make it. Great benefits for days.
fast paced and simple once you get the hold of things. If you work good alone you'll be fine. Here and there you'll work and help other associates which is no problem just get the stuff done.
There are genuinely good and friendly people, if you keep your head down.
Get to work in the comfort of your home.
Ease of promotion if you're willing to put in the work.
Great benefits. Making new friends, of course be aware people come from all walks of life and some have issues, even the managers.
Good hrs Meet new people Easy to change or move up in positions Benefits
Free workout, Relatable employees, Health and Dental Insurance...
decent pay for part time
Ten hour shifts 4 days a week. Great benefits. Paid training. Alot of perks like employee discounts. Casual dress code.
Great job opportunity to grow
It isn't a hard job. First warehouse job but I heard that it's better than other warehouse jobs.
The Hours are flexible and there are several shifts to choose from. Pay is ok, higher than minimum wage. Work is simple, not a lot to concentrate on.
Instant full-time job with no interview required.
Growth, Leadership, Network, Get job that you really love, diverse
The company is dog-friendly and the dress code is casual (see ya, high heels!). The expansion/growth strategy is staggering and it's kind of cool to get to go into all the new buildings in Seattle.
Easy to identify with the company. They offer great services and focus on the customer experience. Lots going on. Lots of training available.
Not enough hours Not enough for pay after working Management is horrible when it comes to handling situations
Big opportunities, work satisfaction, immediate realization of customer impact, big ROI for the hard work and big impact. Always fun to work on any project.
Great benefits.... day one... great pay ...&..schedule....managers extremely nice and willing to help you with anything... I love stowing which is kind of repetitive but I thrive in that type of work because it's repetitive but yet it's still different with each tote
Most of the staff are friendly
Flexible Schedule, choose from a pool of hours posted weekly. Can work up to 40 hours a week, 60 during peak season. Work from home, ability to cancel shift 24 hours ahead. Must only work 1 hour per pay period to keep the job. If you are tech savvy, the training is sufficient to succeed in this job. I love it! You work independently, if you mess up you will get a meeting with your lead. You can mess up 4 times in 3 months ( miss shift) before you get a written notice. I can't complain, blessed to have this job!
I loved the job and the people I worked with.
fast pace, performing stock, lear a lot
I love my job Amazon provides a fast paced environment with SO much room for growth, I work with highly intelligent people who have been able to support in my development as well!
Plenty of opportunity for growth. You will get a chance to work with some of the smartest people you will ever meet. Fast paced environment that allows you to truly leave a mark on something at Amazon, which can be thrilling.
Freedom of expression and ideas. They welcome all creativity. Good money, good co-workers.
They hire anyone, that is as long as you pass the background and drug test that they give you on the spot.
Bar is not that high, and there you could learn lots of stuff
You make your own schedule. Excellent online environment in chat rooms and social media. Leadership uses constructive criticism. Work from home
13.75 for fulltime, good benifits, paid vacation hours onced used up you only have unpaid hours and you cant go negative on unpaied or youll get fired. only worked 4 days but 11 or 10 hrs shifts a day
company has employee's discount online
have opportunities to learn a lot of new knowledge. people there are very smart
Lot of opportunities, new Challenges, thinking outside box, customer focus, teaches priorities management, time management, embellishes Amazon principles in ones life
With Amazon for 8+ years. It is an exciting place to work with so many things happening around the company. If you like to do a variety of things then Amazon is a good place to work.
Your work schedule is very flexible
Permanent full time job with benefits.
I love using leadership skills in my daily life too for my personal growth
At work, overtime is nice
Innovative company, smart people, and the culture of curiosity
Pay rate from beginning to end
Work when ever you want
The career opportunities here are boundless. You have to look after yourself here because no one else will
Working from home is the only pro I can think of.
Ambitious pace, super smart people, I deeply admire the company, compensation mostly based on RSU's. Amazon best years are yet to come
Good option for your Resumé and a big opportunity to learn how a leader is expected to be (think big).
I love working for Amazon, Benefits are great, pay is great. Work 4 days On 3 days off, great people. Awesome work environment. Constantly evolving
Great pay for Amazon employees (Integrity, inbound and outbound, and seasonal employees get paid pennies), excellent benefits
worst work life balance ever
Better worker better treatment is the name of the game, 3 days off kind of
They hire you immediately when you apply online, drug test is oral so unless you're lighting up in the parking lot, everyone passes, and the pay and benefits are not so bad.
Great insurance and good people overall. If you do your job all is good.
Challenging work, like a startup
The work is easy but needs your motivation to meet the expectation. You can set your own schedule and can work up to 30 hrs per week.
1. money to pay for life. 2. healthcare 3. something to do
Good benefits traded for hard work (vision, health, dental, 401k,stocks, etc)
There are great benefits. The health insurance is very good and affordable. They give stock that is vested after 2 years working there and offer 401k matching. They give 1 week of vacation, 6 personal days and 80 hours of unpaid time off per year. There are 6 paid holidays...New Years, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas. If you are scheduled to work on a holiday then you get paid double time. We work four 10 hr days a week. There are often opportunities for overtime. They do a lot of promoting from within.
Great people, lots of fun and we work hard.
Pace of innovation, the way business decisions are made, ability to work at "start-ups" within a big corporate culture. Love working here.
Above-market compensation (especially when stock does well), outstanding technology to work with, extremely high talent level in salaried positions
great pay and benefits, there is always overtime.
Compensation and RSUs are great
Co-workers, fast paced to make day go by fast, 4 10 hour work days, reasonable pay for part time/seasonal work, lose weight because constantly moving
Stock options. Hiring bonus. No real dress code.
The people you work with. Everyday is inspiring and innovating. It is fun and exciting.
There are some many great opportunities at Amazon. There are new cool projects to work on all the time. I appreciate the genuine customer focus.
Amazing place to learn, accelerate your growth as an engineer or leader, and to build products that are used by thousands of customers.
Managers are really nice, working environment is pretty relaxing and co workers are chill
it was a great experience work together as a team.
Good environment, Nice people, decent pay.
The pay is decent. 3 days off.
Full of opportunities to understand the top tier companies.
Great benefits and career development
Compensation package is good. Peers are good people.
Good pay Good benifets Nice co workers
Great health insurance, only pay a small stipend a pay check, good leadership
Benefits: like personal time and vacation
They have flexible schedules and decent pay.
Amazon makes some great products so it is fun to be part of that
Great Pay Great Training Opportunities to show your talents across multiple teams
Great overall, there is a lot to learn if you haven't worked with AWS
good salary over and team
The work is interesting, can fluctuate from​ day to day.
above average pay for entry level position. easy to learn job. full benefits. pto/upt
Great benefits for part-time employees
Amazon has plenty of opportunities for you to find exactly what you're looking for in a role. With the diverse array of businesses, a role change could be an industry change. There is no shortage of exciting work.
Energetic friendly people to work with everyday!
Benefits from Day 1 Flexible Hours
Benefits and time off are great
- Focus on Innovation and Big idea, Company is working on a lot of interesting and innovative things - Data driven company so any recommendation need to be backed up by numbers - Customer Centric
Good pay, lots of room to move
* Work with some of the very smart persons in the industry * Have a chance to make impact to a large number of customers
Happy with work life and personal life balance.
Benefits hours. Paid time off
Easy to get hired. other than that there is no reason to work here
Very competitive work environment . Having great people skills is a bonus. Large number of associates but awesome systems to strategize forecast. Smart team members all over the company
Decent people work there and do their best
- Decent benefits for a tech company including good health care and commuter benefits - Fast and innovative projects - Great opportunities to own projects on multiple levels - Decent career growth
It's like a family once you get to meet people. Managers and process assistants (assistant managers) are awesome and treat workers like friends rather than employees. Chances of moving up if you work hard. Bonuses every month depending on your attendance and building success. Vacation, paid time, unpaid time hours granted in order to take time off as needed. Too many pros to list, overall great place to work.
The Schedule is flexible and salary is good. I can combine with my studies. This job makes my life easier.
Good pay, lots of room to move
Lots of time off and great pay with benefits.
Some advancement, 3 days off
The insurance is great. PTO and Vacation time is good.
Flexible with schedules if you work in support departments. Good benefits.
Many opportunities for OT, Various time off options, Easy work
Very dynamic environment, constantly evolving and a lot to learn, creativity paired with smartness is valued
Innovative environment, working on ever changing things, improving every single detail of the warehouse
$10/hr is pretty nice, I guess.
Good pay good hours Good management
The warehouse pay is competitive, and benefits are very good.
Amazon is a great company to work for because they care a lot about their employees.
Discount and some of the people you work with
Love the flexibility - easy to make own hours without a huge commitment.
That was the fast growing group in north India Leary a lot and growing with my company join that company as asst managar grow up to sr managar
Interesting problems, good scaling experience and nice culture of experiment and trying out new things and bold ideas and customer focus
- Lots of huge/complex challenges to solve - Some smart folks to work with - Great initial cash bonuses - Technology organization where everything works - Data driven
alot of work and not enough pay
They have decent management and workers
Fun, nice place to work
Potlucks, Insurance, 401K, Tons of food, Employee Perks, It's actually fun!
- High amount of ownership - Great Senior Leadership - Constantly changing and fact-paced environment
- Impact: you will get to work on incredibly impactful projects and tackle really interesting challenges - Amazon has a lot of great teams and managers (I just happened to have joined the most notorious team in all of recruiting)
entry level, easy hiring process, flexibility
Standard technician screening and case questions
Good people very friendly
They pay you money for your soul and your life outside of work. Oh, and there's free pain relief medication at the end of the day.
great pay, great befits, co workers are cool. one can move up
I like working with my team.
Great benefits, bonuses possible, pay raises, easy work
Plenty of UPTO and PTO, good benefits, great exercise, clinic in warehouse
Benefits start from day 1
Casual and innovative, never board
Amazing growth potential and ability to change positions across entire company  Managers very supportive and so are co-workers
Full of opportunities. If you have a good idea, the sky is a real limit. There are so many different business and funding for great ideas.
Great to gain experience and networking opportunities. Allows a lot of freedom to be innovative and independent. Looks good on paper.
Great opportunity to get on your feet. You'll meet some good people and have a chance to win merchandise during peak season. It will keep you in shape.
stock package incentive, bonus, relocation package
meeting new people, getting to know the company and how it worked
The people here are great - real team environment.
Love my job love the people I work with
Good pay Benefits are great Never boring
Fast paced environment, innovative thinking, very smart and talented employees, compensation is fair, your ability to learn and grown if infinite because the company is continuously growing
The company is extremely organzied and efficient. If you follow the guidelines, you'll do well there.
Work - Life balance, Career advancement
They have decent benefits and the pay is pretty good. They also have growth potential they like to promote from within
Lots of overtime during the holidays, pay bonuses
Good culture once you learn how to operate in the environment. Tremendous growth opportunities with rapid career acceleration.
Steady 40 hours and nice checks
Excellent Software Projects and knowledgeable team
If you like being alone and quiet for the majority of a 10 hour shift, this is the right place for you.
Great benefits. Good hours. Only have to work 4 days a week. Get a monthly bonus and a raise every 6 months.
Quality work. Good technical knowledge.
Challenge yourself daily to do things you never thought you could do and push your own personal limits nearly every day.
Paid holidays, UPT, free vision and dental
The best reason why to work here as full-time is b/c you only work 4 days a week. You'll get enough mount of time to rest 3 days off can't beat that. If you are on you're own with no family you can request overtime to stack up. Its not that hard working you just need enough energy, and stay dehydrated. Once you get hired as seasonal listen to the instructors BRING YOUR LUNCH!!! Make sure you bring something to snack on for break b/c you will need it to keep you going for the next 2 hours same as the 2nd break to finish the day. BAM!!! Then you out the building.
Great, innovative company to work for.
Great, innovative company to work for.
Benefits rock and pay is decent
The cafeteria is nice. Being able to work 4 days a week gives you a nice break.
it's a job, pay is decent
Compensation (wage--only when non-exempt because of OT, generous stock allotment), a credible company, affordable insurance benefits, 10% discount on items shipped and sold by Amazon. They hire alot of veterans and new college graduates.
Working here is great. Things are fast paced, and that can be overwhelming, but at least you're never bored.
The medical, dental insurance and healthcare packages are nice. I believe they also have a 401 plan too.
Management is amazing!! You always have the chance of doing more. The environment and atmosphere makes it an awesome place to work! We are all equal and push come to shove, everyone and I mean EVERYONE get's to work!
Have fun, work hard, make history!
Great growth potential, wicked smart people to work with
They take care of their employees. They reimburse you just for showing up at the interview and provide breakfaSt and lunch during training. Lots more.
Gift cards get handed out for meeting goals pretty regularly, pizza sometimes on the weekend, usually can get overtime easily
Good leadership principles by which to follow for all future employment and career ventures.
Plenty of great opportunities and challenges, if you have management that will resource you properly. Some teams (orgs) appear to be properly resourced, while other teams and orgs are drastically under resourced (strategically lean they like to call it).
Learn a lot with limited tools, helps motivated people learn more and do more.
Good pay Amazing studing opportunities Great benefits
Great people great work environment. Company does great things for employees on special days.
Great pay and benefits, Freedom to experiment and change things, co-workers
Great pay for the work being done.
Because of there developed stools and basicaly my education also they welcome deversity
Because of there developed stools and basicaly my education also they welcome deversity
Big company, good record in CV
Nice starting salary and bonus
The city is good, close to water and the offices are in downtown.
Cheap Outsourced non trained standardized tech level employees just like Uber, which is also a horrible display of Customer Service
Provides opportunity for great ownership, to thrive in culture of organized chaos and have fun during the journey.
Small team feel in a giant company. Flexible work schedule. Large influence on product design and decisions. Freedom to invent and think big. Opportunities to work on just about anything imaginable.
Little responsibility. Can bring animals to work.
Innovative Compensation Company Advancement Compensation (twice) yesmoney is great but not everything Traveling to various states for training
Benefits, upward mobility if you are willing to relocate.
Decent pay. Good exercise.
We really enjoy what we do for the customers
No pros in my opinion.
The hours are flexible and it's generally a good second job to support with yourself with.
Cloud computing uses most cutting-edge technology.
I'm not sure if they're are really any positives to working for Amazon.
good hours and great benefits
Great benefits, great people, management generally remains open to suggestions and are always brainstorming about how to keep their team motivated.
ok pay, easy hire, friendly employees
No pros. Run from this company. Run run run run run run run run away as fast as you can.
Set schedule. Possibility to work overtime when it is offered. Given time off (even though it is only unpaid time off.)
Lot of opportunities with growth
Most orgs offer a fast paced environment. The leadership principles are cool, if you're in an org that is old Amazon.
The UX community is growing fast. Really good place to get inspired.
None, nothing, not applicable, nothing good will come for working at amazon.
the option for pto and vto
People are nice and relaxed even though they are in a work environment. At Amazon they make you feel like you're not at work and they try to make it as fun as possible throughout the whole shift. They give away to employees many prizes especially during peak and throughout the regular work year. The prizes include items like a 55-60" smart TV, Xbox one, PS4, Laptops, NFL tickets, Amazon gift cards and many other gift cards up to 100$, Amazon Echo, and many more.
The stock options are a plus. From my understanding the work environment at Amazon really varies from team to team. Some teams are better to work for then others.
Behind the scenes look at how the company operates, gift card giveaways, being able to help the customers without asking for exception approval, work at home
Diversity, 4 Day work week
Fair rules and plenty of time off. Amazon is very accommodating.
* Challenging problems, smart people, good resources * Great opportunities for internal transfers * Good compensation
Nice working atmosphere and community. It is a nice place for software development engineer.
Pay and compensation are great
Benefits are good, polite managers are willing to help, paid and unpaid time off if needed. Fast pace for those that prefer it.
bi qweekly pay and driving you know?
Competitive pay, interesting challenges, smart people
Good Pay, A lot of responsibility for a college hire,
on time and must complete on time
- My manager is great and genuinely cares about my career development. She is also flexible about WFH, vacation, etc. - I get to work with a lot of smart people who mentor me and challenge me to be better. People are always happy to help me improve my ideas, writing, etc. - There is a ton of internal movement so if you want to try something new or work for Amazon in a different country there are a lot of opportunities - Despite a lot of bad press my work/life balance is pretty good. I'm sure that's not true for everyone, but it is for me. - I bring my dog to work everyday (one of my favorite benefits). The benefits are just generally pretty good
Flexibility of hours and wages are really good. Management is very considerate and genuine. Steady work atmosphere for all work stations.
Lots of smart people. Fast pace. High accountability.
Pay is good. Great benefits. Casual environment and dress code. Good perks. Dogs everywhere. Great location near downtown Seattle. Fun company parties/events.
Safety and worker heath oriented.
Smart and friendly co-workers, management is awesome. Amazing benefits, tons of growth opportunity within company and job security due to all the growth. Decisions are always made based on the right thing for the employee and always within my ethical guidelines. You see a lot of transparency from upper leadership as well.
Salary is enough to live
Potential to grow, training in many different management departments
Smart people. Super exciting work.
At first glance the benefits are descent and so is the starting pay, until you hit the floor and realize even at twice the rate it isn't enough to be put through the stress.
- Many opportunities to grow professionally - Rotation opportunities - Fast growing business - Great Urban HQ campus
Most people work at Amazon because they need the money, and the job pays better than retail jobs. That written, the job is more a factory/equipment/loading/warehouse environment, and in this respect, Amazon appears to pay pretty close to average with the understanding that it hires far more new associates with no prior training/experience than does Chewys, Old Dominion, etc.
Great management, hardworking employees, and good atmosphere.
Many opportunities to perform a variety of functions on any given day.
Good pay. Easy hiring process. Good hours. Coworkers are friendly too. The work rate varies depending on the day. October/November gets really heavy.
A Great place to work. Great work culture and environment.
They help you build a career
Many opportunities for ownership, advancement is clear, I love that they don't hurt salary in exchange for meaningless and expensive benefits the way other Fortune 100s do
Company is rapidly expanding. Five.
not too demanding, free learning
The system is easy to navigate and the job is really flexible.
always innovating, lots of brand new gear and technology
Good pay and benefits. Excellent team.
Flexible team, great hours, think big
Amazing place to work it is!
Brand name for your resume Cutting edge
Work with smart people, competitive environment, you can learn a lot.
Lots of autonomy, big scale, smart people, lots of interesting teams/products
It is nice working here
Good Benefits. very flexible with time off
Great benefit package. I enjoy working 4 days for 10 hours.
Great benefit package. I enjoy working 4 days for 10 hours.
You don't have to call off . You have an allotted amount of hours you can use to be off work.
Majority of the leaders/managers are pretty good. Amazon hires the typical "alpha male" personalities, but everyone gets along and works well with each other. Typical work week in Operations is 4 days on and 3 days off.
Excellent, saves a ton of time and have never had an issue
Good pay when first starting
Fast paced friendly environment team mentality.
Ownership and ability to drive projects.
You get the opportunity to work with some of the smartest most innovative people in the world. If you love a challenge, and constant growth this is definitely the place for you.
pay people moving up can be easy
You work independently, free coffe
Great starting pay, good for someone who needs employment who is in between jobs or as a second income. During peak season expect a great deal of extra hours if you need and want overtime holiday $$$.
Insurance. Decent pay and perks. Diverse coworkers. Easy employment.
You can lose weight from all the walking.
Well-structured, good benefits, and friendly coworkers.
Fun people to work with . Big warehouse. Night shift . Nothing else positive . It's making me write more pros however there are none
Good benefits and matching funds.
Good salary and benefits. Interesting work and systems experience.
you will loss weight wish is good
The pay is good overall , upt and pto
I cant really find one
Challenging, fast paced, excellent salary, supportive team, they give you the ability to drive change and initiative regardless of level or tenure.
Great people to work with. Interesting company.
IT has awesome work environment .
Awesome upward growth. Cool company.
You will be given all the tools to perform at your best and the ability to create real change.
I don't have any pros about this company. Getting hired was exciting, I guess.
Pay and benefits were decent compared to others jobs in the market. Some of the workers were okay to work with.
Great benefits Paid time off & Voluntary Time Off Great people, eventually you'll feel like family.
Outstanding benefits (no 90 days wait period for health benefits, available on day 1) Relaxed culture (skip the suit and tie) Endless career opportunities Customer obsessed
High compensation levels Unique opportunities to gain experience
the pay was good !
great pay and growth to the top
lots of different time off options great insurance
Easy work to do and cleaning
Let's you use your personal time and vacation time as you please. Plus, you get a lot of unpaid time also.
Was so easy to get the job. Just apply and complete form online and then attend orientation. No interview. You can come in sweats even. You'll meet other people from so many different backgrounds. Amazon doesn't discriminate.
Meet some cool people there. Flexible time off.
More than minimum wage pay, sick time, vacation time after 90 days. They just about anyone. 4 day work week.
Career development. Endless opportunities within the company. There's always something to be done and a lot of potential to move up.
Weekly pay is the only pro
moving up is not hard, just have to be a hard worker and be goal orriented
Great work environment.. Flexible schedule.
College assistance program after 1 year
always work available, so you could work 60 hours every week if you wanted. The benefits are very good.
The 4 day work week
Fast paced, intense environment. You learn so much.
Compensation, growth, stocks and exposure to multiple projects
Every team is different, but mine is very laid-back. No one is monitoring your hours or work location--just get your work done. I work from home because it's distraction-free, but I go to the office to touch base with my team.
No hierarchy Great ideas are always appreciated Bosses want you to grow career wise
It's very interesting to learn about how the company operates and the new technology they are implementing
No supervision. Pick your hours.
Friendly co-workers, you don't feel alone even though you work from home. Plenty of support and they are very positive even if you make a mistake.
money in the pocket every week
Good pay Challenging Engineering problems to work on
Constantly changing environment. It will challenge you on a daily basis. Plenty of opportunities for promotion and growth.
Fast paced, intense environment. You learn so much.
Weekly Pay Good Benefits Internal job opportunities are posted frequently
Great benefits from day, no company does that in the US!
Really good area managers. Good team to work with.
Exciting work and lots of opportunities for learning.
Great company to work and learn for. You will built a good resume with salaries comparable to what good companies pay.
Great pay, hours, and benifits
Always something to do Good Cardio
Good benefits, good hours.
Great opportunities and a lot of smart people.
AWS is the center of technology right now - was amazing experience learning from the best.
Paid time off pay rate
I LOVE the work, it is physically challenging at times, but, it keeps me moving and, despite being exhausted and often sore, I always feel productive at the end of the day. My AM is also great, one of the VERY few exceptions to being a "straight out of college" hire who actually seems to have his head on straight!
Befits start on first day and there is very little supervision. Pays pretty good and you get ot.
I got to work with really smart people
There is a chance to transfer internally
Decent pay, lots of positions within the company to change to
Sorry I don't have any pros.
Some of the smartest people I had the opportunity to work with. Great pay (the first two years only) Lots of opportunities
Innovation, aggressive growth and opportunities, challenging work environment
3 days off, benefits, OK pay
Gain experience and knowledge and take classes for certifications
Good benefits, lots of overtime opportunities. Good pay for people who do not have a college degree. Provides a lot of personal and vacation time.
Good pay that anyone who works hard can make
Good pay, some good people vto time
Alot of experience and nice management.
Flexible Set Scheduling Options 5hr or 10hr shifts, typically 3 or 4 days a week
They were organized and always had a set schedule
Your given lots of hours to take off whenever you want with no hassle. Just don't get to zero or your outta there. 4-10 hr days. Like the 3 days off. Decent benefits and pay.
Good Benefits Good Benefits Good Benefits
easily to switch team, a lot of chances
-Industry Leader: constant ideas and innovation keeps work fresh and challenging  -Great Culture: good principles and leaders  -Good Pay: Company offers a total compensation within the first 2 years that is hard to match with other companies.
Great benefits and lots of perks
You can work from home
Great Benefits, Flexible schedules for students, Room for growth.
Biggest and best reason to work for Amazon, there are SO MANY DOGS. Dogs all over the place. The compensation is pretty good, though for us Yellow-badges it's not quite enough to live alone in Seattle on. However, Amazon promotes from WITHIN. Find a starting job to get your feet in the door here and then after about 5-6 months, start looking to move up into the Blue-badge jobs, which are Amazon employees directly. Working for the vendors here is a good way to learn the company and figure out how people work and what teams are good to work for.
Great culture, good professional team, wise management, a lot of new technologies.
- Better than average benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, immediate stock bonuses vested after 2 years, etc.) - Monthly bonuses (up to 16% of your wages [32% during peak months]), as of 02/2017. - Wide variety of fulfillment center jobs, and employees can transfer to any department after 10 weeks of work. - Fast-paced work environment makes the time go by quickly. - Internal promotions. - Full-time employees work four 10-hour shifts per week, thus have three days off. - Variety of day, night and split shifts available. - 24-hour on site HR, medical and security teams.
money is good to live on
I worked at the HTS2 location as a CSA and Kindle CSA, it was a great experience. Loved the candy cart. The management was great.
Amazon is a great company to work for.
fast paced and growing company.
Awesome place to work in Amazon
Excellent benefits, set schedule, OT opportunities almost weekly
Unparalleled scale and thus unparalleled challenges. The customer focus is pervasive and the sense of urgency to execute well is constant (and not a bad thing). Work/life balance is often reasonable, though workaholics are not necessarily discouraged.
Great teamwork and perks. Great benefits for a part-time job.
Strong sense of teamwork, positive management
Intelligent coworkers, very interesting projects
There is overtime pay. There is voluntary time off. Seasonal employees receive a small bonus. Full time schedules are optional.
The pay is resonable to pay the bills
None, the job was terrible and the management was grossly incompetent. The job itself was woefully misrepresented.
Easy to get hired, good work environment, good benefits.
Good people and reliable full time forty hours.
Amazon is a fast pace and high energy environment. Amazon hires talented individuals that are driven and capable of moving quickly in an agile setting. Lots of opportunity for growth as the company continues to dominate all things retail. Opportunities in the US and globally are always available and Amazon allows you to move into other roles even if you have only been in role for less than 6 months.
Flexible schedule, relatively easy workload
Hmmm, paid time off?
fast paced and great opportunities
Ability to move up quickly, great pay, three day weekends
benefits are amazing, schedules can be good if you get on the right one
Good hours and days. Work 4 days in a row. Benefits. All work is easy and at a fifth grade level.
Pay good and on time
It has great pay and wadges
Good pay, friendly and talented people
-very laid back, not work heavy -10% discount -can select your own hours
Good pay and easy job when they are not changing policies and the equipment is working.
Good pay and benefits only pro.
Good money and long term benefits. If you have a good ops things are outstanding.
If you have no higher education they will pay for some associates degrees. Good entry level offerings for HS degree individuals allowing opportunities to make 30k yr. Although wont move far from that even if awesome, for years and years due to small variance in pay scales.
Supervisors try to make the job look like it is a great place to work but it's all crap. Stay away from amazon
Cool company to work for
Good pay and friendly workmates
Great Team Experience Opportunities to take initiative
You will be working on projects that support or challenge other industry giants. Most of the people I meet are interesting, intelligent and kind. There are many development opportunities for improving service offerings, infrastructure and tooling in an organization as diverse as this one. There is so much to learn here. Internal tech talks are frequent and informative. Most managers I have observed have been clear about expectations. Mine have appeared to be honorable, concerned for my development as an engineer and my well being as a human.  Recent (early 2017) efforts to help identify and remedy work/life balance issues are relevant and effective.
Pay is ok. They have an employee comment system that they seem to at the very least read. They had pretty good food trucks come by for lunch, if you managed to get to them in time.
+ If you are highly motivated developer, you would love the freedom you receive here. Almost no bureaucracy. (Being a big company there might be some exceptions but this is been my experience over 4 years). If you are stuck in a team with legacy stuff, or work you don't like, moving is kind of easy (you would have to prepare for interviews though). + Very open env - you could talk to anyone if you have an issue.
Room for growth and great work experience.
Fast paced, great benefits, challenging, room to grow
Excellent pay, amazing benefits from day one, staff is really friendly, monthly activities, easy work depending on what you are doing
Many great people, and love having dogs at work!
Quick growth. A lot of projects to work on. A lot of opportunities. Usually good leadership.
The monthly and yearly bonus, benefits, holiday pay, Bi weekly pay, gives you vacation time off, and paid time off.
The pay, benefits, time off, decent exercise, staff,
Great benefits and decent pay.
benefit was a good one
very nice awesome, will love to come back
Fast paced, great benefits, challenging, room to grow
Pay rate is decent for a part time job You can make your own schedule No interview process, which could also be considered a con
lots of overtime during pick season
Great benefits, hours, and clean worling environment
Smart colleagues, good benefits, good pay
Good health insurance and benefits
Dynamic, fast paced, and responsive environment.
Four day work week, great benefits, generous PTO and Vacation and even has the option to take voluntary time off if offered.
Good pay, high scalability work.
The job is a great way for a new college graduate to earn good money and experience in management
I get to work from home and it's pretty relaxing! We get to chat all day with teammates and joke around with our supervisors since you're in a chat room with them. I've formed a bond with everyone on my team including my supervisor. You get hired on for 6 months around the holidays and they decide if they wanna keep you after that. So it's nerve racking towards the end. But you get benefits even as a temp employee. They also offer flex hours for anyone available. There are some cons I listed below BUT it's the same as every call center job ever so it's not like Amazon is unique in the cons I'm going to list
Good pay, fast growing company.
good benefits including, cheap health insurance, 401K plan, unpaid and paid time off from day one, stock, after one year a tuition program is offered where they pay 95% for up to 4 years, $3000 a year.
Great people, shift work, ok benefits
Paid time off, non pay time off, area to microwave food
Decent salary. Lots of ptos and floating Holidays and health insurance covers well done and the future of the future
* Opportunity to do impactful work really quickly * Looks great on the resume. Opens up doors * Very good total compensation for first two years * Seattle summers
The pay was great and I liked having paid time off. If you decided at anytime during your shift you could go on the hub and use your pro.
customer obsession, bias for action, formal team process
Nice pay , ok benefits , flexible hours
Flexible times/ schedule, easy work
The benefits package is great, IF you manage to stick around long enough to utilize them. The opportunity for overtime is there.
Benefits are good but what good are they if you let quality people go right when they get more benefits at the first year anniversary...medical leave, raises, stock, etc. Acknowledge first year anniversaries at stand-up meetings, not just three years...not sure about two years.
Is it a descent place to work.....Absolutely! Management/Supervisors onsite want you to succeed. Lost 6lbs in one week!
Great benefits, easy, helpful, friendly co-workers. Clean work area. Easy hire in and versatile work schedules. Plenty of overtime. It's like another person said...Amazon is an abusive sexy woman.
You will meet some incredibly smart people while working at Amazon. If you pose no threat to their career projection, you have the opportunity to build a strong network.
Flexible hours, great customers, management is awesome and very helpful.
Interesting. If you need a part time, flexible job, working at a fulfillment center might be the thing for you.
Thus far I've had nothing but a great onboarding experience.  Quick, efficient, and practical
Medical insurance is great
Smart, driven people. Lots of code to write, many problems to be solved. Code quality is *generally* OK, but varies wildly throughout teams and projects. Little bureaucracy
Pay was great. decent health insurance. brilliant people.
Customer obsession is very good.
Great work culture and fostering of innovative ideas
Popcorn in the break room. Constant information trickling down to help with your position. Co-workers are dynamic.
Pay is good if you have no experience. Management is great.
You're kept plenty busy coupled with plenty of paid and unpaid time off
You will be challenged on a daily basis. You will be forced to grow in ways you never knew you could. You will work with people as smart or smarter than you. Where big fish go to swim with their kind.
The people you get to meet. There is the good, the bad, and the ugly.
Good place, high pay, seasides
Reasonable pay, good team work amongst coworkers, great process flow and general work environment, accommodating with time-off.
Work 4-10 hour shifts, off 3 days. Usually plenty of OT available. Health insurance is above average
* Pay is good * Non idiotic approach to engineering * I learned a lot about engineering in my year here * Pay is pretty good * Seattle is a nice place to live I think * Teaches you that theres more to life than work by virtue of shoving in your face how distasteful workaholics are
You could work four 10-hour days at $13.00 or three 12-hour shifts for $16.00.
Lots of opportunities and career growth
Pick your own hours and helpful management
The facility is lose to my house. Short work week.
The work hours are good If you really need the money
Great coworkers, always moving, and easy work .
Decent pay for a job that isn't too hard.
Easy job, but not much else
Passionate and intelligent team, ability to work on something that directly impacts teachers and students. Connection to larger Amazon as a whole opens many doors for other career opportunities. Culture of colleagues is very supportive. Excellent work life balance.
Your fellow associates are the only reason to work here, they are good people.
Very customer focused and ambitious
paid time off anytime you want to use it no questions asked up to 40 hours then you have to use it by the end of the year but you can use it during peak times October to December.Vacation 2 weeks a year 3 weeks after that. Excellent benefits great pay for the type of work you do very completive. You Get 10 hours Paid Time Off When You Start And Your Full Time.
it is good company to work
Interesting work, challenging, tangible accomplishments, growth opportunities.  Good location in SLU.  Ability to try completely different/new things, i.e. move from retail to AWS, Kindle, Video, Publishing, IMDB, Zappos, etc.
Pto, vac time and benefits also nice break room with big screen cable television
If you're late you can use your personal time to clock in. Do you work for 10 hour days and get a half hour unpaid lunch 210 minute breaks
Culture Great Pay 4 day work week
Great growth potential Scope of responsibility Great resource in support team Highly intelligent team and managers
Fun place to work! Staff was very helpful and professional!
great experience about the environment there
Flexible work hours, interesting big picture work, good people, good managers, you can grow there if you put in the time and work for it
You'll learn a lot in a short time and you'll do it on your own which is empowering (but also stressful). You'll meet some great people who are smart, hardworking and friendly.
Pay is good for extra income
Good solid name and backing
The people are nice to work with
Like the schedule & hours
Good Pay Good Benefits Friendly Co-workers
Access to new tools and cutting edge technology. Ability to transfer departments.
Very easy work, weekly pay and free dental for part time associates. Great as a second income if you already have a full time job.
The benefits and the work areas are awesome.
I love everything about Amazon it is definitely an awesome company where I am able to purchase all sorts of materials
Higher pay than other warehouses
Accept new grad with a low bar, give almost everybody a chance if he is lucky. So it is a good place for you to start your career.
vacation and health insurance HSA offered
Fast-paced, with accent on hiring strong engineers.
Lots of opportunity to grow within the company. Flexible schedules if you are a student. Always innovating and improving processes. Pre-paid tuition assistance for certain types of studies.
The people you work with make it worthwhile. If you get a good manager then you will have an easy time.
Great benefits, great hours, casual relaxed dress
Dynamic, challenging, prestigious, excellent benefits
Good for someone looking for a career
base, 401k, stock, people, energy
Lots of opportunity for growth, lots of smart coworkers, really interesting technical problems.
Employees of all levels are empowered to own their business and create their career roadmap. You are encouraged to move around the company, growing into roles outside of your skill set.
They don't interview. All you have to do is pass a drug and background.
I learned how to build a pallet with boxes and split packages I became a blue badge
Great compensation, brand new offices
Amazon offers great benefits and a friendly work environment where managers are always willing to help you if there's an issue. The work is fast-paced and it will keep you in great physical shape. However, this job is not for everyone.
It's a cool place to work at if you like a set routine everyday.
Great company , benefits and working from home
Flexible schedule and supporting atmosphere.
benefits and stock options. Great people to work with... great work events.
The dress code is causal and everyday is never the same.
good projects good people
smart peers easy to switch teams very well maintained wiki
The benefits are good. Good for go-getter types.
The only positive thing that I can say about Amazon is the employee really is empowered to assist the customer.
Amazon is always making history.
Good pay, good benefits, easy to learn and manage, Managers were easy to talk too
Flex schedule....pick when you want to work
Great pay/benefits employee discount on select items.
Really good pay, great benefits
Money and process improvement abilities. Great leadership team
Smart People in the team.
Worked with some very bright people. Does a lot of things very well, but it's hard to overlook their shortcomings.
It is a very easy job requiring little skill.
comraderie, speed, physically challenging and fun
good employees and managers depending on the days you worked. good hours. casual wear, no uniform required. sometimes get free handouts depends on the days you worked. Pay is decent.
Set schedule, good pay for college students, working from home, easy to get off time
the work hours goes by fast and health insurance
The team members are great
You get good money and health care benefits once you become an amazon worker
Great benefits and good promotional track.
scan boxes and do nothing else
Great Salary, equity, benefits are reasonable
It is a paying job
Easy hiring process and adequate pay
Decent pay for No-experienced applicants.  10% off your prime purchases up to $100 a year. Wow...  FLEXIBLE HOURS.Sign up for shifts(typically 4 hour intervals) at your discretion. Literally a minimal of 10 hours a month needed to stay employed.  Raffles(sort of)  Opportunity to travel to other Prime now locations/states if you become an "ambassador."  No experience required
Decent pay for No-experienced applicants.  10% off your prime purchases up to $100 a year. Wow...  FLEXIBLE HOURS.Sign up for shifts(typically 4 hour intervals) at your discretion. Literally a minimal of 10 hours a month needed to stay employed.  Raffles(sort of)  Opportunity to travel to other Prime now locations/states if you become an "ambassador."  No experience required
Amazon has a dynamic working place that moves and delivers quickly.
Perks. Insurance day 1 but $330 a month for family of 3. Restricted stock units, 2 after 2 years service and 1 yearly after that. Paid time accumulatio every 2 weeks at. 3.5 hours and quarterly 20 hours unpaid and 10 hours paid. Vacation time avcried at every payperiod at 1.5 hours. 4-10 hour evening shifts.
good company to work for as long as you are doing what you need to be doing like doing your job management are very proffessional
Company is working on lots of cool projects
Good health plan. Affordable and flexible benefits for both employee and dependents. Also, associates can earn incentives based on attendance and site productivity.
Most of the people on my shift are pleasant. The day goes by pretty quickly. It's easy work. 4 day workweek leaves time make plans with family and friends.
Have experience in fulfillment centers both in packing and shipping. Familar with shipping software having used Federal Express and UPS software to expedite packages. Could be a great fit and have the ability and nature to be a team player.
-you get a lot of new friends -you can work a lot of hours if youd like -its super chill
Great Money, Many Hours, good pay and benefits
-Great benifits -Great salary - 4 day work week
good program, fast track to developing as a senior manager
Best environment to learn new things and work with
Job was great for people who have other jobs or are going to school. The work was relatively easy but exciting.
Customer obsession, decent compensation, working backwards from the customer, good intentions: “a company of explorers, not conquerors”, “the best place in the world to fail”, and “a place where builders can build”, teams are fairly autonomous, and they are upfront about leadership principles (if they seem silly to you Amazon is probably not a good fit for you in my opinion)
None, none, none, none, none.
Good working environment. People are good.
Amazon is a great place to work, and you'll quickly find out if it's the company for you. Benefits are wonderful. It's truly a place that encourages invention and innovation. Fast paced.
The friendly, fast paced environment. This job is amazing because it keeps you on your feet all day and you are always wanting to do more.
great benefits, stock, you pretty much get a bonus at the end of each month.
Great benefits. Overall general positive management.
Decent starting pay Weekly pay Friendly/ team work environment
Pay is competitive, Cool Customers, Market Leader
many exit opportunities and resources within the company
Great company if you are willing to work hard and thrive in fast-paced environments.
Benefits inexpensive. Tons of time off without pay.
This job had a lot of flexibility in scheduling and you are allowed to work from bike which is a benefit.
Paycheck. That is about it.
Amazon is an innovative company with endless exciting problems to solve. The fast paced work environment and good compensation make Amazon a great place for entrepreneurial engineers who want more stability than a startup.
You can approach advanced technology and work with smart people.
Good pay. Set schedule. Three days off in the week.
Opportunities to work on novel and complex problems. Many smart people as co-workers. Opportunities to rotate through many different areas of the company
Learn something new every single day. Challenging place to be in when you start your career.
It was great to work for myself.
One of the most innovative companies this century.
You get a three day weekend, peers are really helpful. Easily build friendships. The pay is decent. You will learn a lot in a short amount of time. You must be a person who is willing to drive your own career to get ahead.
Compensation is very good. Benefits are fantastic.
Interesting work with smart and talented people. Great pay. Work from home on occasion.
Amazon.com is a true dominator in its endeavors. Being a part of the history making behemoth is rewarding. The management staff at FC's are mix between homegrown talent and fresh faces, so its easy to see that there are opportunities for those who want to be a part of the team from different entry points.
"Amazon" looks good on your resume SLU is a great neighborhood.
The benefits from day one are a nice blanket to have, the pay is more than decent, free coffee, and the managers are pretty fun.
friendly, relaxed, a mix of newer technology and very traditional one, if you are looking hard enough you can move around departments
The pay to work at home is competitive compared to other companies. The software and tools that are used are far more appealing and easier to use than other companies that I have worked for. Also, you have the opportunity to move up within the company and the monthly bonuses are easy to get.
Lots of innovation, open culture, excellent place to start your career - sets the ground for next few years. Be ready to receive feedback from peers and also put in the hours.
Prestigious, lots of exposure to lots of different technologies, freedom to get your work down however works best for you.
Paid time off Unpaid time off  Bereavement Voluntary overtime and voluntary time off
Fast paced, opportunity for advancement within a global organization
Easy to get hired, they will hire literally anybody who walks in the door, good wage for entry level position, good benefits
This company is tackling so many complex engineering projects, and has some of the smartest people in the world. There's so much technical knowledge to gain. I absolutely loved that.
A lot of time off (paid, vacation, unpaid). Easy work as long as you try and work hard. They are always hiring.
Level of responsibility, innovative and engaging work, sharp colleagues, respected name.
Great salary and advancement. 4x10 days
I worked from home and It was great!
Very well organized. Just read what is, actually, painted on the break room wall and you instantly know what you have to do to get paid on pay day. If you want to prepare for the job ahead of time, read THE TOYOTA WAY FIELDBOOK online and for free at www.issuu.com Just search on the book title
well pay toward other general laboring and good benefits
Easy work, and flexible schedule
The people are fun and easy to work with.
Pace of work, challenges faced on a daily basis keeps one at their toes, great learning curve, good compensation, great values (in theory)
Amazon has great pay, benefits, and the stock options are awesome
Learning to become customer centric is extremely imortant and makes the job more enjoyable. Reaching out and interacting with other employees is very helpful as well.
fast paced day go by quick
Work amongst a team and enjoy the associates around me.
Great compensation that gets even better as the stock price increases.
Decent pay for the regions in which they operate. That said, they tend to operate in very poor areas.
Great being KDP author, it has a lot of flexibility
Work from home, full and part time available
- Full-time, 40+ hours - Pay slightly above minimum wage - Helping customers receive products as quickly and efficiently as possible
Benefits are the best feature
was good pay and went by fast
Good Benefits right away and stocks after 2 years
Health insurance upfront and affordable.
Pretty much own downtown Seattle
Health insurance is cheap , lots of voluntary time off. There is really nothing else good to say about the company
None. Absolutely none. It's awful here.
Very flexible with time off
forces you out of your comfort zone, challenging
Amazon is one of the few companies which, in addition to developing effective production metrics and encouraging continuous process innovation, has created a way of quantifying associate engagement and satisfaction with their Area Manager. Amazon values the happiness of its workers and is committed to the values of servant leadership.
The work is easy and simple 10 Hour Shift and the pay is not bad at all
Working among your co workers
There is nothing good about this place
the pay is good, benefits, time off, 3 days off
The money is good, there is room to advance in company, plenty of parking available, there are a variety of shifts available.
Looks great to have on your resume, meet some interesting people, rapidly growing
Weekly pay Cool free gear Many extra hour opportunities Fun environment at times Prime location Great discounts Good workout while working
Willing to listen to employee suggestions.
great benefits, caring management, friendly enviornment, can level up to other positions
Friendly staff, relaxed office environment, paid vacation and sick time. The generous discount was the best thing the company had to offer.
The pay is great. The people that I work with are turning in to family. We help each other out and make the best of any situation. Majority of the trainers and managers are great and pay attention to the concerns of the associate. I love working here and would love to make this a career.
They have great, current internal tools, efficient and helpful AV and if you want to get your hands into new product development across the company, it's available to you.
Good benefits, easier than most warehouses, enough pay to get by. a lot of time off given when you start.
The hiring process was simple and quick, I enjoyed the overtime during the holiday season.
Decent start up pay for warehouse work
They hired anyone that applied
Insurance is good if you can afford it at the low rate of pay
Good Work Balance Some Good Managers
Stock options and the medical benefits
I love the idea that if you can prove with data you may change anything. They will support you 100%!
overtime lenient attendance and rules
health benefits are good,and you get them right away.There are bonus but if you leave early you do not get the bonus.
Nice pay every two weeks, great benefits 401k medical dental and vision , great time off, no dress code so you can dress comfortably
fun with the people there
nothing to comment on. Just not a great place to work
Good pay and guaranteed work for as long as they want you.
People, associates, environment,
personal time off days off
AWS takes competition seriously, and makes a strenuous effort to recruit top talent. Some of the projects it pursues are ambitious. They are of course the leader in cloud computing. Some perks like ORCA (commuting) card, parking allowance, and 10% discount.
Great pay,  great people Nice training
Great if you hate people but love getting boxes out the door!
I love the shift I work on, 4 days a week 10hr days.
Good insurance, reliable work, don't stay too long
Peole were great. Have a lot of fun
It is easy to find this job.
Pay attention during training: the workload is easy, most things are straight forward. Decent pay and hours (part-time 4-6 hrs days)
Break room has free coffee. Tool vending machine also carries anti-diarrheal meds and aspirin. Warehouse is very well ventilated. This job to me is a good workout after a long day of being in class all day.
good pay good work enviroment
Awesome benefits, decent pay.
Good benefits, good people work there.
Good Salary and benefits. Good for development.
Networking. You will meet a lot of exceptional people. The pay. Amazon pays top dollar, but becomes the only reason people stay.
Good hours Times go by fast Basic tier benefits if full time A good job for a student Four - ten work schedule
Good Pay, Overtime Often, Good Benefits
Window shop while you work
You only work 4 days a week. Other than that, it's absolutely horrible! Don't even waste your time it's not worth it.
Good people, worked hard, rewarded well
* Lots of working on new and exciting tech. * Work with good people. * Don't get bogged down in bureaucracy very often.
Steady Work, 4 day work week
Builds great career opportunities, great benefits, a lot of emphasis into new employees with training and education into new area managers. Did a great job of preparing you to manage 300+ associates.
Great benefits great dental and health
No lay offs if you are a direct hire
Great opportunities, smart people, pushes you to grow your communications and business case skills
Friendly coworkers, great benefits, work schedule allows for plenty of time to have a life outside of work.
A lot of learning and growth, working on new technology and products  High salaries n great benefits  Opportunity to switch teams every 1-2 years
Benefits. Co-workers. Shift. Fun activities. Room for growth. Respect.
A lot of cool projects to work on Smart people Supportive environment
Everything was great when I worked there.
There are no pros for this company
one of the highest paying part time jobs i have seen in a long time and they will sometimes raise the pay a bit.
Amazon provides great learning experiences through working with very talented individuals across most teams
Great company to work, Perfect job location
If you just graduated from the school, you can join here and learn a heap.
Friendly Staff Growth Fast Paced Learning Decent Pay
The large scale at which the company operates
Bonus and stock options available. Voluntary overtime available.
The best part of being there is your coworkers. I've met some of the greatest people there. Added benefit is that you lose a ton of weight within the first few months.
- Working with smart talented people - Solving challenging problems at scale only handled by few companies. - Good pay
Great place for advancement. Education opportunities and growth.
Great learning exposure, good team members, good manager
Great pay and work experience
Great benefits package for a starting engineer
got opportunity with interesting work
Challenging Rapid career growth Hardworking teammates Strong culture Internal transfers are quick and easy
You learn a lot that can be carried with you throughout your future careers.
I really have no clue who The NY Times article interviewed but it wasn't AWS professional services folks for sure. Pros from my view are: - great work life balance - very smart people, but also very very nice - smart but weak on soft skills don't get hired - you are treated as an adult, self management - amazing innovation and enthusiasm - great product, market leader - customer focused not competitor focused - awesome compensation - can work on new ideas, any initiative is welcome - easy transfer between teams anytime - write blog posts, talk at conferences - free training and verification - free aws account to play with! - great compensation - flex work, remote work - everything is self service
Flexible hours, able to do many different tasks at work, very helpful employees and managers.
You can learn a lot.
The people that I met working there.
great place for new grad
Great pay and benefits are good too. Smart people with experience.
There's hrs if you like to work long hrs
None the company works you to death for very little pay a very unhealthy atmosphere
Amazon is a wonderful place to work .
Good company, benefits. fun and friendly managment
Keeps you challenged everyday , great learning
offers good pay and lots of overtime
Great benefits (dental, health etc.), very flexible, fun environment to work in, very lenient attendance policy, many opportunities for volunteer extra time (extra shifts), also lots of opportunities for volunteer time off w/o impacting your attendance record. Lots of perks like give-away drawings such as Amazon gift cards, flat screen tv's, visa gift cards, laptops etc.
No more dreaded $9 death wages that you get at places like walmart or mcdonald's, these guys start you out at a rather nice wage. The work isn't all that physically demanding. HR is one of the best I've ever seen. And time off is absolutely a thing.
It's a bit above minimum wage. If you're in inbound you have the opportunity to work by yourself. That's about it.
work schedule paid time off vacation time work from home freedom
Good environment working hard with happy mind.
Get to work on cutting edge technology
Great Environment, Friendly people, Enjoyable
Full time work, can work from home.
Steady job that will pay the bills.
The ability to advance quickly.
Seasonal or temporary employment. Wage is ok. Employee discount is helpful. Also if your interested and are hired on permanently you can get your college paid for.
substantial responsibilities and autonomy, easy to reach out to people
- Good place to develop software engineering technical skills
Management. No micromanaging. 15 minute breaks every 2 hours Over time opportunities Super Clean environment High ceiling environment Human Resources
Solid benefits package including health, dental, and vision Room for advancement with competence and commitment Company actively supports "auxiliary" programs such as base education Great "starter" job to gain experience, help with education, etc.
Work life harmony better than ever.
Work life harmony better than ever.
Fast pace, four 10 hour days with 3 days off. Great insurance
It's a great company to start
The pay is decent
Amazing business modeling, very interesting projects, great treat.
Expanding with the technological environment
good benefits, schedule is very workable
u get benefits at day 1 if u r full time
Lots of overtime and bonuses
Flexibility of dates worked. I go Sun - Wed(7am-5:30pm). So it leaves time to work an extra job & get sleep. Besides, 4 day weeks make the pay day seem more like a week & a half than a biweekly wait. The people are very personable & just the average joe. Its no pressure, just people enjoying company but getting work done together. When the days done, the days done.
The coworkers were good and the work was not bad either. It was nice that they tried to implement flex scheduling.
I can't think of a single thing. It's awful. The benefits do not outweigh the massive cons. I wouldn't recommend this job to anyone
Security, benefits, availability of overtime.
Pretty much different hours that you can work Okay pay
Great benefits, solid pay, opportunities to move up in the company quickly, positive attitudes.
Great autonomy - if you want to jump into a big project, you can often go ahead. There isn't a lot of bureaucracy. If you have a good idea and can prove its value, you can work on it. Cool embedded startup culture embodied in 'its always day one'.
You r your own boss
The pay here is great for the position. There's a lot of opportunities to learn in different areas here and develop yourself, if you care to do so. Most employees and associates are fairly outgoing and easy to get along with. Here, you are truly in charge of your success of you like the challenge.
Really great benefits, and paid time off as well as paid vacation time.
Good pay and benefits
great environment to work. so i liked it.
Time-off when needed. 4 share of stocks available after 2 years of employment. Variable comp pay is decent. They will advance you if they see your work ethic is good. Lots of options if you decide to leave the company after 1 year of employment like Career Choice which pays 95% re-imbursement for tuition and books. You can also elect to take "The Buy-Out" where they pay you $1,000 per PEAK season for each PEAK Season you work up to 5 PEAKS.
Culture, HR, employees (most), benefits, pay. Problem was the job was exactly as described. Lots of walking, many stairs, and it was the 6:00 PM to 6:30 shift. I "thought" I could handle it. I was so very wrong. Wednesday, from 8:00 AM to about 1:00 PM - no issues. Just how-tos kinda things. Thursday was first shift. They took us around, trained us and gave us a tour. Very wearing. 2nd night, half way through the shift, I had to leave. I am no longer physically able to do this kind of job. I think if it had just been a day job on the first floor, I could have handled it (would only have gotten $10.50 an hour if it was). But a combination of being on the 4th floor and the walking and, especially, the time of night killed me. I was feeling faint and disoriented. Called in the next morning and submitted my resignation. Went back a week later and spoke with HR. Because I was unable to give them at least a week's notice, I will not be eligible for rehire at Amazon for 2 years. This does sadden me, but there is no way, physically, I could have given them a week. I will be losing the toe nails (I know TMI) on one foot. And this is with good shoes and socks. My body just rebelled against me. Of course, I am almost 70. But I saw people handling the job that were 400 lbs. I exercise, I am not over weight, and I walk. A lot. But that didn't help me.  Bottom line, Amazon is a great place to work but be aware of your physical limitations if you are looking at a job in Fulfillment.
Upward mobility, ability to innovate and contribute, work with talented smart motivated people.
The pay is Great.  Peak season is the best to work.  They offer Great Benefits.  Full Amazonians Receive Stocks and Monthly Bonuses.
Excellent compensation, amazing infrastructure, massive data, challenging problems
Very friendly People. Decent Pay.
Everyone thinks because is Amazon your making good money and have a great job.
> Growth Opportunity > Exposure to many different markets > Lots of ability to try new jobs withing the company > Fast-paced environment that enables you to do better
Fast-Paced, Intelligent People, Always trying to come up with the next big idea. The company is growing so fast and it's exciting to see how the world reacts to new Amazon products.
It's fantastic, very good and thorough training, excellent benefits, they send you the equipment you need. It's great.
Wear comfortable clothing. Work independently.
Challenging work, nice work/life balance
Amazon has some great benefits and strong working culture. The other employees were generally easy to get along with and there are plenty of opportunities to improve your skills and knowledge.
Flexible schedule, extreme versatility for learning, Demands the best of you with real time training
Good benefits, decent pay for the work, activities, discounts, ability to move to other facilities, great flexibility in time off, money for continuing education, and room for growth.
Great manager, teammates to work with and lots of stuff to learn.
amazing people and brand recognition.
Fast pace culture & environment
Compensation, benefits, and opportunities are top of the industry. Your potential is unlimited, so you are only restricted by the amount of work you are willing to put in and your own attitude and communication style. Unbeatable culture. Forget any bad press and anecdotes you've read/heard if they are older than 2 years. This company is always changing, evolving, and improving. Management listens to everyone, and changes are implemented faster than you would expect. I have the ability to work from home when needed or adjust my schedule, without question. I also have the support of an amazing team of people I genuinely like. If you are independent and self-driven, you can really stretch and grow to your full potential. Top of the line technology and tools to get your job done, and usually more than one way to do it.
Flexible Schedule and Good pay.
The People, Management, and Amazon Company is A Great Place To Work! Also The Benefits Are Great! Also They Are Flexible and Will Work With You If There Is Any Problems.
people working there (SOME) very nice ...  decent pay
Great pay, great co-workers, learned a lot.
This is the best job I think I have ever had in my life. I have a team leader who is extremely supportive, when I'm having a bad day he builds me back up and makes me feel good about myself.
Great benefits, you own your own development, always learn something new every day.
A great company with excellent services and reputation. Customer-centric. Pays well.
The employee Diversity is absolutely awesome at Amazon, which is the sole reason I wanted to be a part of their workforce.  The job was Monday through Friday, which is always helpful and it came with benefits that started on the very first day, which included an Orca pass.  Your fellow co-workers are great people and that's one thing you don't have to worry about. Your teammates will help you out a lot.
The people are great to work with, and the pay is good for what you are doing as well as the raises were fair and across the board better than other companies that I have worked for, especially for a part-timer.
Great pay, benefits, and coworkers
Bright and hardworking engineers, good pay, top of the line computer equipment, fancy new skyscrapers with great views. Looks great on a resume.
Great work environment for almost everyone
Innovative company with plenty of opportunities to grow and develop talent. Would not work anywhere else. It's fun and hard work that I look forward to daily.
Flexibility and ability to direct your own career. Learners are highly valued -- those who enjoy being jack of all trades will fit right in. Deep diving and question asking encourage, no golden cows.
This is the best job I think I have ever had in my life. I have a team leader who is extremely supportive, when I'm having a bad day he builds me back up and makes me feel good about myself.
I like the work I do. I like that I'm surrounded by smart people and that I'm working on interesting business problems. I've learned more here than in any other job. But I'm also on a good team which helps.
Easy, free, good environment, benefits
Access to incredible talent & "unlimited" resources.
Lots of work, as agile as it can get.
Work on advanced technical stack. Internal technical bar high.
Management and hourly employees are both friendly and easy to work with. They don't expect you to be Superman for your first couple of weeks, they give you time to learn the procedures. The break area is clean with a nice big HD TV and the vending machines have low prices ($1.00 for a 20 oz. Dr. Pepper). The whole group is like one big happy family.
Small teams, ability to innovate, interesting problems, customer impact, respect for work/life balance (at least in SF office), quality colleagues.
Awesome workers, great pay, holidays day off, foods vest machine
Love my job so much
Smart people, great opportunities, internally supportive.
good health benefits and bonuses are a plus
I started just over two years ago here. I have loved my team throughout my time here. My team has a lot of people willing to listen to your ideas and help with anything you need to be successful.  *I hear people's experiences are very dependent on team.
nice people, great paid time off (40 hours per year), vacation from day 1, voluntary time off
autonomy encouraged/no micromanaging flexible schedule- just get your work done and no one bothers you!
None there are none this place sucks.. oh they play music only if you meet a quota so don't get your hopes up for it!
Short shifts and great pay
Great employees, fast paced so youre never bored, helpful managers & staff, great pay, reasonable benefits
A lot of room for growth. Competitive pay. Fast paced industry
I worked on some of the most exciting and innovative projects of my career with some of the smartest and most talented people I've ever met. Work felt like play in many aspects because of the freedom I had to explore and develop the concepts I was most inspired by, be them mine or someone else's. And I was able to sleep well every night knowing I was working in service of our customers needs - not the business's quarterly report.
Lots of hours, get to work mostly alone, benifits, time off.
-Manager experience at young age -Leadership principles drives operations
Good steady work during the season
See cutting-edge products being developed
Great platform to take ur skills and build it up
Amazing workplace, friendly co-workers, and management. Best place to start the career and when perfectly planned, it gives us plenty of opportunities to grow further
Good salary and benefits in job
Lot of opportunities to learn and grow. Fast Moving and Challenging!
I can't think of any
Pay is pretty good and they offer great incentives for working overtime
feed their employees a lot
Casual dress code, Non stressful work
Assigned well defined project, manager and mentor are very helpful, could find a lot of resources in amazon internal platform.
Working at home Schedule flexibility
Amazon is a big company.
Good benefits, 3 day weekend off.
Suitable pay, Friendly staff, tried to "maintain " the Amazon spirit during the hectic peak season
very flexible working hours of work.
People are nice and very helpful
Absolutely the most positive work environment I have ever worked in. Management motivational tactics are almost all carrot and no stick. Work hard and you will be recognized and promoted.
good workers, lots of benefits
No experience needed Lots of training Great starting pay Nontraditional call center Lots of leeway Good bonuses Benefits
Growth,Money,Benefits and Great Manager
Schedule, Voluntary Time Off, Employee Discount
Benefit package, Career choice, transfer ability, decent pay
There are a lot of opportunities
Great benefits, hours, seeing how Amazon sends out packages.
Fast pace, always moving...innovative and fun
great pay, advancement opportunities, flexible scheduling, good health and dental benefits. also you get a discount when shopping with amazon.
You get to learn new things everyday,positive environment
Amazing company to work for and great place to learn and enhance your skills
Great company to develop career progression
Good benefits, Prizes based on competitions, decent pay
Great incentives, overtime hours extended during the holiday season, relaxed work environment.
Amazon is always working to improve, which creates an environment perfect for innovation and change. It's exciting to work for a company that does not settle for just ok. The support and feedback process is great, and they highly encourage leadership and career development.
Love it! It feels good to work with smart forward thinking people. The benefits are great, the best I've seen in a long time.
Fast-pace, knowledge gaining, leadership,
Great place to work
It's a job that pays you.
You're able to meet great co-workers from all different walks of life. You find opportunities to share with others what your struggles are but also provide solid advice to those who want to learn.
Fast pace environment and allows you to make decisions on the fly. Allowed me to hone in on time management and manage a diverse team.
Good pay nice benefits
Benefits, 401k, stock, appeasing hours
Great at building a top-notch skill set Opportunities for ownership abound Able to enact improvements and roll out programs without getting bogged down in bureaucracy
Positive influence good training room to advance
Pay well, really good benefits
Fuels your ambition and teaches you how to think big and execute in small steps
Autonomous, lots of ownership. Big company but feels like a start up. Lots of opportunity to rotate and develop professionally.
The work culture and people
Great adventure, experience, and a growth opportunity to work with some of the more amazing people in the industry
Schedule flexibility, free dental and life insurance, okay pay, easy job.
-Best technology platform, second to none, and leading market position, so great addition to resume from working here standpoint. - Cultural values are deeply rooted in everything, so Amazon is certainly doing something right. - You really make history and get to have lot of fun....don't take the negatives below to discourage yourself. Company is growing faster than it's able to evolve itself from attending to the needs of their employee "customers" and many things put into the system to make it work fairly don't seem to work all the time.
Fun in the workplace and great benefits
Challenging and fast paced. If you are looking for fun and interesting work, this is a good place to work.
Great place to work, solid benefits
Learn a lot in a short amount of time. Exposed to cutting edge technologies. Not formal environment.
stock RSU's Great brand name on your resume high level of data rigor
Flexible schedule, light work and competitive pay.
get stock shares vested after 2 years
Good colleague, good working environment.
I am in the beginning stages of training but the compensation and benefit packages are the best I have seen for an EMT
Good Money good food for events
Bring your dog to work, good architecture and downtown location
Great if you want to make money for college, or to catch up on bills, have additional income if you cannot find anything else to do. You meet all types of people - young, not so young, old, college age, reserve soldier, you name it...you haven't worked in a warehouse until you have worked at an Amazon. Some people love working there - others hate it....
The benefits & set schedule
Benefits, Unpaid time off, Voluntary Time off, Paid time off, Vacation Time, and the pay was good
Benefits and the people
Decent pay. Benefits are well covered. Guaranteed work hours.
Pay, time off, discount
Talented group of people. Always new projects, new ideas.
I live my job and the people.
sincere, honest, respect for employees
Very nice people, very reasonable, I am happy to come to work every day cause of this
Great benefits and work environment
Great, flexible schedules. Full time available
A great and welcoming environment.
Great pay and benefits
Bleeding edge technology, passionate customers that want to talk to you, and a work culture that promotes personal and professional development.
AWS is a great environment to be in sales and engineering. The management is very tenured, the focus in clear and for individuals who focus on execution it is a great environment.
Lots of hours Extra pay on overnights
Wonderful co-workers, honest, helpful and kind.
Good benefits and easy to manage time off system
decent salary your co-workers are competent
Good Pay Great Benefits Holiday Pay Lots of Overtime
Hard working people allows creativity to shine
Good Environment , Learned a lot.
Pay is the only benefit
Good benefits Own shares in the company Opportunity to advance
Work with mostly very smart people, and you'll be amazed at how much you can accomplish in the environment
The money is good for the extremely easy work you're doing
gave you a lot of hours
great benefits and shares in the company stocks, alright pay for the location
So many challenging projects going on
-Variety of work schedules, pick the days/times you are available upon application -Standard industry pay for crossdock operations work -Great management and associates driven to meet deadlines and break previous goals -Prizes and rewards offered for perfect attendance, nomination, onsite service, etc.
No dearth of challenging and interesting work, highly agile. Everyone works very hard.
Great mgmt, great coworkers. I truly enjoy it here
Great part time job with excellent work hours.
Properly structured company with no dramas of seniors.
Fun at first. fun environment and fun people. Lots of treats.
Relatively decent health insurance benefits
Great people working hard workers
Lots of potential for growth in company.
You are able to flex down or flex up depending on the work there is that day. Flex down you lose hours and you have to leave, flexing up you gain hours and again you have to stay unless you want your personal time hours to be deducted
Great benefits and starting pay compared to other jobs that are easy to get.
Overtime is available thru out the year.
The Summer Picnic and Post holiday party were amazing. I made some really great friends here.
4 day work week. Great benefits.
Company has great opportunity as it is growing very quickly. They offer good compensation and push you to better yourself.
You gain an extensive knowledge in the technology you work
Good benefits, decent pay, nice work conditions
Good benefits,lots of overtime,attendance bonus,tuition fees
Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance
Would like to work overnight shift. Company in great location to home.
I felt like I was genuinely valued while working there
Growth Opportunity is very good at Amazon
Pay is fair for the market and type of work. Great benefits, VERY flexible with time off / work schedule, pays a huge amount of your college tuition. Monthly bonuses
Very flexible shifts (day, evening, or night) which helps with school. The pay is fair and it increases every other year.
Excellent place to work, good environment
++Flexible Work Hours ++Good Pay and reasonable benefits ++Smart and passionate employees ++Empower and ownership for work you do  I really enjoyed my 7+ years working at Amazon. It's a great company with a clear vision. Jeff Bezos is an incredibly smart visionary with so much passion for the company values.
Benefits, PTO and vacation start on first day. 3 days off and starting pay is decent.
High pay for a low-skilled job Management provides raffles and snacks at break Management is nice
Insurance is great. Vacation and personal time accrue fast. Small team.
this company has great benefits outside of amazon.
The pay is decent, medical, dental & vision insurance are good, the time off options they give us are great.
Fun, easy work, good pay and benefits, Caring colleagues.
• pay is decent (got a raise quick) • break room has a lot of snack options • 4 day work week
Learning exactly what customers can return
Pay, health care, paid time off. Am truly want their employee to move in the company
Pays really well, many incentives
Is a fast pase The people are friendly
Great job flexibility. Great location.
Company is great but each team/site does it's own thing. Very smart engineering and excellent people. Lots of opportunities to learn new things
Fun place to work. Really nice and competent management, Everyone is very busy but nobody is standing over your back. Great start of your shift with music, announcements and stretches. Extremely clean. Free coffee from a really good machine. You will actually look forward to going to work.
good work place godd admephere great benefit.
benefits, impressive company, growth potential, and networking opportunities are reasons to stay within Amazon
Nice benefits & flexible schedule
wonderful work, people and pay
Work from home. Thats it.
good learning experience competitive salary lot of growth opportunities explore new role management supportive in changing the teams and roles
You able to make all your hours per week and they offer you very good benefits
Exciting work, good pay (with the grants & bonuses), surrounded by smart people
Simple things like free bus passes to travel the city were nice. They had a large internal network that provided a ton of support. The team sizes were very ideal
Big company, opportunity for growth
Fast paced and very challenging.  Senior leadership expects and allows for quick process changes if proper testing and data is collected.  Very high expectations for managers  Very fun place to work
Nice place to work at.
It has really good pay.
People you work with are great
Amazon working culture is quite casual and easygoing. But this doesn't mean people don't work hard, some work 12 hour days regularly, and people are almost always very busy with many tasks to do.
the pay is very good
* Huge opportunities for growth and expansion * Beautiful location * Fantastic co-workers who are supportive * The review process is well defined and quantified
Friendly team, positive attitude management
Benefits, long-term investment, opportunities to learn if you're self driven, and sweet company parties and occasional free food.
ok benifits and pay is good
* feels good working for a company that has a very good brand image and is frequently in the news for doing innovative stuff  * as a software engineer, you get exposure to some smart people and get to learn from them.
Its fun, easy to learn a task, and never do the same day after day. Today you can be scanning packages and tomorrow you can be wrapping pallet....
You able to make all your hours per week and they offer you very good benefits
Work was easy depending on what area you were working at. People are nice and friendly great people to work time went by fast
Get paid vacation and personal days and medical benefits that can be used from day 1. Don't have to wait a year to use them like most companies
-Mostly Friendly -Management Engage their associates to their work -Weekly Pay
Well-paid intern, good office, good team, great communication
Quick hiring process, Safety training
Great opportunities to learn and grow working with the smartest people. People care about what they work on.
They teach you what you need to know. Unlike most jobs that just throw you to the wolves. Most of your co-workers are very nice and helpful. Theirs always things to do. Never a full moment.
-Having this on your resume gets you an automatic interview at google -You can contribute to huge scale projects which sharpens your skills for your next job -Pay is great -Most jobs are in Seattle, so you can buy MJ like beer -Beyond L4 the pressure to reach a promotion is low -Can negotiate vacation -Switching teams is getting easier -Locations all around the world -You know when your big stock vests are coming. When it does take that money and run to google.
Pay is good Manager support Understandable
Great Benefits Great Leave Program Great Opportunity to Grow Professionally and Personally
Decent pay, and very friendly people.
Flexible schedule, great for making extra money
A lot of benefits, really good benefits like nobody does.
Extremely dynamic environment with tons of opportunity for growth and development. Excellent culture (Leadership Principles at Amazon are not just a poster you see up in the HR office, people from Sr Leadership all the way down to lower ranks are truly enacting those values every day - especially ones like 'Customer Obsession' and 'Bias for Action').
big company, various groups that can be joined, so many opportunities.
For starters, Amazon.com is great tech company that honestly does care about there employees. You get health benefits from day one, including stock options (not vested until after two years), health, life insurance, the whole bit. Free coffee served from the vending machine, flat screen tvs in the break room with cable television. If that is all it takes to win you over then by all means but allow me the opportunity to explain why this is not a company that I would stick with long term.
Some great mangers, with good pay and health benefits
Varying working hours that are convenient for different schedules
Strong collaboration, good benefits, very smart people
Easy, multiple breaks, decent benefits
Easy, multiple breaks, decent benefits
Good pay and great hours. Was in icqa department and easy just counting inventory and very easy to keep rates up.
Lost a lot of weight walking between 6-14 miles every day. Very laid back on night shift when no GM is there to breathe down your neck. Great for rapid development, I started as a Picker and became an AM in about 2 years because I applied myself. You learn a bunch about Operations if you are open minded and have a good manager. State-of-the-art systems and good benefits. You get to say you work for Amazon, which turns a lot of heads. Looks incredible on a resume. The Leadership Principles come off as a bunch of cultish mumbo jumbo but they're actually very applicable to daily life and are great as leadership ideals. It can be a lot of fun to work there on certain days. You get free reign to try your ideas, just be ready to quantify any gain or loss of hours before and after execution.
Amazon truly look focuses on what is best for the customer.
it was nice to have three day weekends
good benefits and time off
Good overtime hours during peak season, they will train and certify you on just about everything. Great benefits.
Decent wages Decent time off policy most of the year
Three day weekends No hassle getting time off VCP monthly compensation Overtime opportunities Mundane easy work
Great Pay, Set schedule, PTO
Free water and ice. Indoor restrooms. I need 20 words, so I have to stretch this out. Maybe I'll write a sonnet. Four day work week, except for peak season, then 60 hours, 6 days a week.
There are good career opportunities
They'll hire basically anyone since it's a warehouse job, basically all hands on deck.
high growth = lots of opportunity, best technology in the industry, very competitive pay, entrepreneurial for such a large company
Great place to build, freedom to be creative
World Class experience, extremely smart peers
Guaranteed 18 hours pay per week.
Autonomy over all that you do. Lots of freedom.
Work hard, have fun, make history
- You get to work in an operation that teaches you everything from inbound to outbound. - Great pay, compared to other local companies, and the work is rewarding. - Management cares about keeping the environment safe and having fun - Coworkers are respectful to each other and there is a strong sense of teamwork. - Plenty of opportunity for overtime or even voluntary time off, when available.
- You get to work in an operation that teaches you everything from inbound to outbound. - Great pay, compared to other local companies, and the work is rewarding. - Management cares about keeping the environment safe and having fun - Coworkers are respectful to each other and there is a strong sense of teamwork. - Plenty of opportunity for overtime or even voluntary time off, when available.
The work environment was very laid back.
This was my first job out of college, amazon often takes newer people and helps them grow.  I learned way more on my first few years on the job than in school.  Decent wage and benefits.  There are a lot of smart people in aws
I've been at Amazon for about four months now. It is a great place to work. Clean, organized and very safety conscious. There is work to be done and they pay, in my opinion, very well for the work/tasks to be performed in each job description. If you have a decent work ethic, you will probably feel the same way about working at Amazon as I do. No place of employment is perfect. I was hired on direct, full-time with Amazon. I received a bank of paid time off, unpaid time off and paid vacation time when I started. Within 30 days, the option for medical, dental and other benefits. Also investment options. I still have some pay raises to look forward to and I believe I will top out at about $14 an hour in my current position. Want to move up the corporate ladder? Talk. Communicate with the appropriate staff about a program to set you up on that path. Our leaders or supervisors are called, "Ambassadors". Among other tasks they perform is cheerleading and supporting the workers to help make the job we do more enjoyable. Let's make it fun. At least as fun as possible. I've never been anywhere else where that is any significant priority.
Good Benefits Good Pay Mandatory Overtime
It's an okay entry level job.
Work hard, have fun, make history.
Great pay, flexible hours, nice management
A few dollars above minimum wage to start
Work in a fast paced setup with good salary
AWS gives its engineers a tremendous amount of responsibility and empowers them to do whatever it takes to meet customer needs. As a Senior Software Development Engineer you are responsible for requirements analysis, architecture design, software design, project management, software implemention, testing and operations for teams of 4 - 20 engineers. The services you are responsible for could have thousands to hundreds of thousands of customers and involve internet scale parallel computing problems.
Superb work culture, Night shift allowance, Job security.
Easy work, above minimum wage starting pay
I have found that I have flexible hours. I have also found that there are relatable managers (wear street clothes, walk the floor, etc).
Amazing offices. Too good a professional ethic. Absolutely love the work environment
This job is has really good benefits it has bi-weekly pay you get at least 40 hours a week or more depending on the season do you get paid time off unpaid time and vacation pay
Excellent leadership and great benefits.
opens up new job opportunities
Diverse group of people. A lot of unpaid time. Insurance.
Flexible schedule. Some benefits and discounts
Flexible schedule. Some benefits and discounts
Good pay, great benefits and nice shifts. A lot of great people to work with. You get what you put in.
Fairly easy on-boarding. Health benefits are excellent. You will lose weight and be in better shape quickly.
Diverse work place, focus on the positive, engaging for associates of all levels and tenure, lots of opportunities for lateral and vertical movement, competitive pay, excellent bonuses and performance based rewards (that are actually attainable!), good coaching and management support.  As an associate you can do more than just answer customer contacts. Amazon is very into engaging all levels of associates with the culture of process improvement. CSAs who perform well can get recruited by leadership into interesting project work that can have a real impact.  Examples of benefits: Tuition assistance, 401k, performance bonuses paid quarterly, stock.  Just consider the stock alone-- look at the price of Amazon stock historically. If you have even 2-3 shares, that's a nice little bonus to look forward to every year.
the people are fantastic.
Amazing infrastructure that is always improving.
Let me start off by saying that my review score is really 3.5 but I can't select that so I'll go with 4.  AWS is an interesting company to say the least. They are growing like a weed and don't seem to be slowing down anytime soon. Cloud computing is the future of technology right now so it would seem AWS had a pretty clear lead on the competition.  I can't speak for every role but the LDR position has its ups and downs. The good parts are that the pay is very competitive with a solid base salary and very nice incentives if you hit your quarterly goals. I also received a very generous signing bonus and will receive a less generous, but still great, year two bonus.  AWS has a start up vibe to it so things move quickly, which is exciting. You have the ability to implement new best practices and lead change within your sector. This helps get you noterioty which is always a good thing. They are also very big, at least within the sales team, on praising employees for bringing in big deals or whenever a compliment is paid to a specific employee related to their work ethic.  Work advancement is relatively clear in terms of where you have the ability to go and how long it normally takes you to get there. They are also very flexible with working remote and moving to different parts of the country or even internationally.  Overall I would say that the pros outweigh the cons by a lot.
This large company has excellent benefits. The shift differential for the weekend night shift is worth it.
In 1.5 years at Amazon, I've learned more about scaling the build and operations of software services any I could have imagined.
Competitive Pay with Bonus. Good starting job.
The pay and days worked are okay.
Not a damn thing at all.
Great Job and just like any job, you need to work hard to grow and advance. Teaches great principles and you meet awesome people.
It's a great place to learn new and different roles throughout the site. If you're a quick learner you can move to another position quickly.
Like what i do and who i work with. Lots of OT!
I read some of the other reviews and not all of them are correct because fortunately I have an awesome manager who cares about his employees' health. The work can be laborious but it's manageable, not at all impossible.
Good internship project, fancy tools.
Fast paced, leading, giant, career opportunity
good organizational structure base. helpful co-workers
Reno amazon is a place to work eveyone is very fiendly.
Benefits begin on day 1  Employee discount, though it's small (10%, only on orders fulfilled by Amazon, capped at 100/year)  4 day/week shifts  Senior ops are knowledgeable and have a lot of experience running fulfillment ops Amazon isn't going anywhere anytime soon, so as long as you perform it is stable
Great compensation Good Growth for hard work Interesting work Easy to change teams internally
Best hourly rate among 4 warehouse jobs I've had. Great benefits: health, stock, time off, discount. Take safety seriously.
Enticing sounding job ads to get new applicants
good people to work with and get to know
Great place to make money
The benefits are nearly unbeatable.The extra that had been added for you for school,is definitely a pro.More selection on your stock and 401k,the returns are beyond limits.
Opportunities to improve on processes, night shift, 4 days. At fresh, its pretty small, so there are opportunities for advancement for full-timers.
Working with extremely smart people
Easy to get in, fair salary
Cutting edge technology and insight into the future of retailing and data storage. Fast paced. Clean, modern offices with good lunchrooms (if you have the patience to stand in long lines!) and near-downtown location.
plenty of opportunities to work on interesting projects. Easy to move laterally if your immediate team's work doesn't interest you.
Perks Growth Brand Overtime Online Easy work Managers are nice and are patient with employees
The Amazon fulfillment center provides a fun fast pace work environment. Many schedule options and the way they allow you to manage your time off is pretty cool as well.
The money is good. They offer benifits, pto, and upt from day one. It's four days on three days off.
The pay and the benefits were great. I was nice knowing that there was a pretty much set schedule.
Amazing benefits from day one, steady work and hours.
It's relatively easy to get a job here. It's a pretty fast paced place to work. You are given the ability to take time off almost immediately.
Lots to learn, exposed to opportunities, good people around, t h a t I s a l l no mo re to sa y
good pay, three day weekend, great work environment
The benefits: health care, vision and dental, Personal Time Off, Vacation and Holiday pay.
Many people complain about the work environment being too fast paced and quality oriented, but what did everyone expect? This company uses one of the most advanced and efficient distribution systems in the world. To be a part of such an intricate system requires knowledge and an ability to produce results that won't clog up the efficiency of the system. The work is hard, detail-oriented, and at times tedious but a job here is also tremendous fun if you can get lost in your work. It's also a genuine opportunity. Less nimble minds fail to see in the long term and look only at the short-term monotony. A job you respect at this company can easily turn into a career.
Seemed like a nice part-time job processing prime now orders
The pay was decent at best
Lots of great projects. Lots of relocation options. Good benefits. Stocks are going well.
Great insurance. it is a easy job to get hired onto. they have great co picknicks
- great salary - Amazon name recognition - Lots of open jobs and the ability to move around. However, if you manager puts you on a performance plan you are stuck and screwed.
The pay and benefits are good.
Water coolers around the facility
Very generous benefits for an entry-level warehouse job.
Good coworkers to work with
Awesome job with great leadership
Great concepts of leadership and the people at the lower levels (Below Director) are great. Hard working and very professional. They have made the retail technology area what is driving Amazon.
Christmas bonus, VTO availability, friendly co-workers.
Good experience, learn to work hard, and Amazon looks good on your resume. It will definitely build your character. Managing a team, if you're a people person, is hard but rewarding.
Opportunities for advancement, job security, industry-leading cutting edge environment
So far the benefits, PTL & UTL's are fair. We were informed of benefits and expectations.
Work from home. Able to work in PJ. No one to look over your shoulders.
Good work culture Chance to socialize well with teams No dress code
Schedule possibilities, friendly environment-management and coworkers. Management and upper management all easy going and approachable to talk to any time.
Hours Flexibility Easy work Nice management
Love the team atmosphere, coworkers are incredibly nice
Decent benefits - Paid sick time and personal time off are offered even during peak season and are gained as you work your hours. You will not, however, receive holiday overtime pay like full-time associates. You are given the option for health care that was able to be attained at no additional cost to you as well though it would only become applicable after 3 months, which by that time you are either converted or let go.  Lots of overtime opportunities - During peak season where you are likely to be hired you will have to work overtime, a lot. 60 hour work weeks will become the norm though in reality it will be 59 hours only as they will kick you out so as you will not go over that 60 hour mark.  Decent pay -$11.75 is nothing to sneeze at though with the raising of minimum wage it is not nearly as flashy as it used to be.
great benifits. medical and dental.
innovative, and exciting times with new technology and ideas.
Pays Good easy work great balance great benefits the ideal spot
Great resources help new graduates grow. There are smart people there. The company is still growing big, lot of opportunities. What's more, you will know a lot of people there who may can help you in your whole career.
This is a great company.
- Only good thing is a decent paycheck but the company puts so many catches on it that force you to repay money back if you leave. Dont be fooled by the relocation either they will only give you half and you will have to repay it back if you leave before 2 years. -Benefits, these were surprisingly good but please look at the negatives.
The company is an amazing company to work for. I love talking to people, and I love solving customer issues. My team is an amazing team and we have been at the top in our positive responses from our customers.
Great company and benefits. Company appreciates their employees. Friendly environment.
I love this job! Been there for 5 months. Stl4. Great bosses and great atmosphere!
Good Health Insurance, Paid time off, Vacation Hours
None the benefits were ok
fast paced, safety team, the vending machines
+ Mature technology that is usually well-documented for newcomers + High-achieving culture that encourages knowledge-sharing and constant learning
It was a really good place to work, time went by fast, the pay was good.
Amazon is not for the faint hearted or those with physical limitations. If you are looking to earn a salary in the 90th percentile then this is the company for you. If you can endure physical and emotional breaking points daily, you are well suited.
The good thing about working here is that you don't have anyone standing over watching you work.
Amazon is a fast-paced, constantly changing environment. The work is extremely challenging and is very rarely dull. Peers are high-performers, focused on delivering for the company bottom line. Overall, exactly what you'd expect from a technology giant like Amazon.
Pretty cool place to work at offers great benefits and great pay.
Amazon is a very positive work environment. The managers are easily accessable. The hours are very flexible and they offer great benefits for part time workers....dental and vision coverage, college tuition reimbursement and a company discount.
Christmas bonus, VTO availability, friendly co-workers.
many different things to learn and department options. Great benefits
Benefits, and that's pretty much it....
If the company actually keeps you on after the 90 days, there is potential to earn decent money and get health insurance
Paid holidays and time and a half pay for holidays as well.
VisTracks embraces technology to provide value to their customers. They treat they employees great, have plenty of opportunity to grow as a contributor and have fun in the process.
Easy to move up, very good for people who like to work hard and make history, highly competitive atmosphere
Team work, good pay, good community. Good benefits too.
Great benefits, 4 day work week, respect from management, and opportunity for growth. You can see a future long term with the company.
This company has one of the best work environments I have ever had the easier of bring employed. The employees have a great comroderie. It is very efficient in operation. Great place to work!!!
Good pay, as a customer, Amazon's service is awesome, full of smart people, they are keeping innovating, very energetic environment.
Nothing to mention about this company
Great benefits and sick leave.
Caveat emptor: Teams are pretty siloed here, which preserves some freedom and small-company feel while also making culture vary dramatically from team to team. I've heard of folks who made out worse than me, they ended up in that New York Times article. Your Mileage May Vary.  That said, here's the good stuff:  Fast pace, near continuous deployment, hard problems. Smart, fun coworkers who have become true friends. Ownership of your tasks through the full development lifecycle. Open feedback encouraged and practiced. You have the ability to introduce change, though some teams are more resistant to change than others, and regardless you'll have to work hard to make an impact. Good work-life balance for an intense programming job: yes the oncall rotation occasionally makes you answer a page at night, but you're not expected to work late generally, even under impending deadlines. The team owns deadlines, not individuals.  Oh. Compensation is great, but you probably knew that already.
You get great benefits with the company. Good company to make easy money.
interesting facility to work in.
They want you to work.
The coworkers made the job bearable. Some crazy and interesting people working there. The benefits are amazing. I used their Career Choice program which helps pay for college. High school diploma is all that was required and the job wasn't hard to learn. During peak you could possibly win some cool stuff.
Short shifts allow you to get a second job. Plenty of overtime during peak seasons (Christmas, Summer, Back to School Time) You're paid on a weekly basis.
Plentynof hours, decent pay, work 4 days one week three the next so you can work a second job orhave plenty of days off
Weekly pay and home in enough time to have family time at home
Great pay and monthly bonus. Opportunity for overtime
Part-time, so you only have to deal with the chaos for a few hours
3 day weekends, no work off the clock
The job itself is very fast-paced and physical in nature but most of the managers, amenities available, and the benefits packages make for a great opportunity for those looking to build their way up the Amazon totem pole.
If you have what it takes, you will have a long, rewarding career with the company. The talent you will be working with will challenge you and bring out the very best in you.
Great benefits offered including: health, 401k match, stocks, bonus pay program
Great hours and good pay
Great envirment and a good location and the pay was great too.
Pay has now increased to $11 for seasonals and $12 for permanents with part time benefits
Pay, great coworkers, sense of purpose
Benefits Good interpersonal relations Ability to grow
Great benefits, holiday pay, voluntary time off when its slow and double VCP during the holiday season. Wage increases are about every 6 months. Personal, vacation and unpaid time is available to use as needed. 3 day weekends!!!
Opportunities for learning and growth
good pay. great job
A lot of opportunities to cross train.
I took this job because of their lenient attendance policy. Or should I say their on-existent attendance policy. As long as you have available time, either personal orb"unpaid time" (20 hours per quarter) you can take off or come in late without consequence and without asking permission. Beware though, like a woman taking maternity leave, not comin to work everyday and on time can derail your career or limit your advancement  Also, if you are one of those people that like to walk into work on your first day and act like you're the boss, then this is a great place for you! Amazon tells every employee they are a leader and their ideas are valued. And they mean it! Noam's get will ever send you away. Feel free to walk in on their meetings and express your ideas. Beware though, if you say something stupid, they will let you (and everyone else) know!
Work from home, 4 days a week
Learn a lot of things and good working environment
vibrant, fast paced culture - smart, fun, aggressive colleagues - management is focused on latest tech trends and staying or becoming a leader for many of them - by and large, customers and partners are very positive about the technology - good benefits and perqs
Good pay , lots of brakes, water machine
Great benefits...environment...location...people people management outlook
Flexible job where you have the opportunity to learn how a fulfillment center works from top to bottom. It's definitely what you yourself make out of the experience.
There are many opportunities to learn new things It's fairly easy work, although physically demanding Decent amount of incentive benefits
Career and growth opportunities Flexibility
Attendance Policy, Bonuses, Over-time, Benefits
Has the best benefits and competitive pay for warehouse jobs. For early risers it will be the best job since you will have to be at work at 7.00 A.M.
This was a very easy job with good pay and pretty decent benefits including medical dental vision. After a certain period of employment we would be given small shares of the company.
Stock Program, up to 8% (16% during peak) bonus every month for no attendance issues and good performance, they offer a reduced time shift (32 hrs is still FT so you get benefits). Did I mention health insurance? Oh and the $1.00 shift differential pay for overnights & weekends (0.50 each) was pretty sweet.
Overtime always available. Great diversity. It can be fun and motivating to overcome the challenges you face here. Team spirit is hard to achieve but if you can figure that out, you will love the position.
I made a decent amount of money working there.
good pay, work overtime whenever you want
I get to witness some good software processes that help to ensure work quality.  You are encouraged to voice out your thoughts, opinions, but of course back it up with data and constructive solutions always.  There are endless stuffs to work on, challenges to overcome, unchartered work that no one has done before. If you are one is a self-starter, one who strives in "no one know this, you have to figure out yourself" situations, you got this.  Take it in a positive way, there are many problems in this world that no one has a clue how to solve. Someone has to take it on head on after all.  I cannot say much for the rest of Amazon, however there is no talk down approach from management in my current team. Counting my blessing on this.  Yes, we are frugal, no free lunches but we have occasional Friday happy hours, team activities to bond us.  Most importantly, we get to meet some of the smartest, hardworking folks in Amazon.
Comparing to many other similar jobs, they offer a competitive pay.
Great overtime ability, Easy, Work from home, flexible schedule,
Competitive pay and compensation package. Many career advancement opportunities.
Great co-workers and good career opportunities
Flexible schedule, work from home when needed
Benefits are good, coworkers are easy to get along with.
There are many opportunities to learn new things It's fairly easy work, although physically demanding Decent amount of incentive benefits
the pay and the health benefits
They treat you horribly but good for part time income
good place to work and pay
Nice stable company. Worth of working
Smart people, interesting work, lot of opportunity, little politics, nice work environment, build and deliver software fast, and lots to learn. The principals are good for helping guide decision. Leadership is strong and approachable. Very organizated for such a large company.
Decent pay, nice coworkers, benefits for part time
Great way to get get your foot in the door and get noticed in the tech world
People, Product, Autonomy. That's it.
Starting pay/bonus 4 day work schedule most of time Learned a lot during my time at the company The people
Amazon is a great company to work at.
best tools available to work with, good pay, looks good on your resume
fun environment, decent work life balance.
Bad management for a successful company
Benifits, great coworkers, free food from time to time, paid time off, opportunities to grow, little experience needed, good pay, great employee resource center.
Paid time off, UPT, Can wear whatever you want to wear to work, 2 or 3 days off.
You work at least 40 hours a week. Your checks shall be reasonable for the type of hourly work week you will accomplish every Friday.
Great benefits and challenging environment.
Benefits, stocks, tuition assistance, available OT. Online employee portal (desktop and mobile) is highly convenient. Need a job fast while you look of your career, this is a great opportunity. Plenty of time to think as you become highly efficient in performing menial tasks.
Great ppl/ environment to be around
Dealing with large scale problems.
Great place to gain experience
The hiring is almost guaranteed if you are willing to work long hours doing monotonous and repetitive tasks. There are incentives for perfect attendance and performing tasks quickly.
Coworkers are nice, good for entry level job and college students. The benefits.
Great company, monthly bonus for perfect attendance and good productivity
Many internal tools, technology and software good practice
Has minimum speed requirements that are hard on the body!
flexible time off options, with paid time off, unpaid time and vacation. Good environment to get cross trained and learn new skills.
Health benefits are a plus. After two year with the company you're able to use your Amazon stock that was given in on your first day. VCP bonuses every month.
Ability to work from home
Great schedule Care about their employees Great training program
The Pay is pretty good
Work from home with flexible hours
Decent starting salary, Nice management, I liked working the hours of overnight.
Start off pay was decent.
Great Benefits, and decent pay
Hiring process is fast. Fast money.
Very flexible with scheduling and a lot of freedom
AMs are great with training and motivating associates
Lucrative and fun. Good environment for engineering
+ Company is on an unstoppable growth trajectory. Amazon's business model is incredible, is riding a number of secular trends (ecommerce, cloud, AI), and the stock is a winner. Employees are making more money than expected. + Leadership principles drive a high performance culture that focuses on customers. It feels great to work on products that customers love. + You get to work on very difficult problems with smart people. Once you establish yourself as a high performer, you have a high level of job security and internal mobility. Teams are constantly hiring and building really innovative things and you are encouraged to move around and explore. + Teams tend to be lean and you will be asked to learn a lot quickly. Ownership is highly valued. + Office environment is really desirable. Located in a great downtown Seattle neighborhood, many people walk to work, bring dogs to the office, and restaurants and bars are very accessible. + Amazon veterans tend to be incredibly talented individuals, and other companies realize it. Being successful at Amazon is well respected in the industry.
- Stock package - signing bonus - vacation, PTO, and paid sick time - collaborative
Good pay, huge scale from a revenue and customer impact perspective. Stock options are fairly generous, and if you get the right manager, life is good.
Highly Recommend this job for longtime career
You get plenty of time off.
Because im able to work over night
Friendly environment, PAs, AMs are very open people. Never had a probably with any of them only 2 PAs that worked front half.
99 percent of people are great to work with.
Good chance to learn kinds of new technologies.
Good pay and you get hours. Fun activities during peek, can move up with hard work, and pretty fun work environment
Good people. had a great time with other employees.. Amazon has great benefits and u get to leave when ever u want! as long as u have time.
I worked at a fulfillment center and it was a great way to see how Amazon operates. It's a very fast-paced job and people were willing to help you out when you have questions.
They make work feel like you always want to be their.
Pros about Amazon is that there's apportinty to move up at all levels. Great place to work at. But you will work to keep your job.
I like the fast paced work environment and the freedom to express myself there.
If you like fast pace, friendly people and good benefits this is the place!
Fast pace job enjoy helping people
I don't know, I wasn't able to ever start.
- good comp - nice campus and location
- good comp - nice campus and location
Stock, brand name recognition on resume, a look under the hood at the world's most customer obsessed company if you have 100-120 hours to spare per week.
Good fast pace work, great pay and and benifits. You'll have a good opportunity to move up in the company, they will help u with school or you can take classes there to to advance in the company. If you can't handle easy fast pace work that will be a bit intense then this isn't the job for you.
Pay increase and other things
good pay, work hours, hard and fun while working. good benefits
Good teams (generally), excellent share performance
Amazon just in the name is a great company for any speech. Although many people would avoid a warehouse classified job, it is a great opportunity for many people.
Salary and Comp is very nice for okay work.
lots of operational experience, good resume builder
+ Great brand name + Good compensation + Smart and motivated colleagues + Interesting work and markets  Overall this is a good company to be an engineer at. If you are looking for vivid colors and rainbows and candy, look elsewhere (hint: Goog...). You learn a lot and it changes your perspective of what it means to be an engineer. There is no separation of tester, dev ops, and sde, you are all of them all at the same time. You take full ownership of your projects, and your career here.
The money (can't think of anything else, but need 20 word min to post this... words words words words words words )
Innovative products, fastest-growing IT company. We are able to recruit, promote and retain very high quality talent. We work hard but it is a good culture that has worked hard to retain an entrprenurial approach.
Three days off Paid time off School Accommodation Only pros.
- Good pay - Very easy to get hired as a fulfillment associate - Good benefits - Good time off
There is a great energy! The pay is good. i loved working with smart people. The thrill of record breaking moments and teamwork make it not feel like work some days.
Upward mobility if you are willing to relocate
The job is not very difficult to learn and is actually fun. The management team is so encouraging that they motivate you to do your best.
Working at Amazon definitely gives you a recognizable company to put on your resume, but that's about it. Benefits are middle of the road. You can claim $50 reimbursement for your cell phone bill. Oh, and you can wear whatever you want to work - which is nice I suppose.
good option for people right out of high school. good option for college income
I met some very good people at Associate level. Managers were a very different story.
You become friends with the people sitting near you. Also free coffee.
Simpified warehouse work, benefits day one, good starting pay
Good pay, holiday paid, PTO, VTO.
Great Pay- You have the opportunity to work as much as you want with a relatively high base pay. Flexible Hours - Depending on if your a Prime drive or drive company vans, you pick your shifts.
Customers are great, management is there for you, and I work from home!
Rapid development Strong management high impact projects
Good benefits and stock options
Everyone gets tons of ownership and autonomy to drive their business. There are amazing opportunities to rotate to different orgs and try new things.
Most positions are easy to learn. Opportunities to switch departments. Good hours. Vto. Great benefits.
Everyone will tell you your experience at Amazon will vary wildly depending on your team, boss, and stakeholders. Mine were, for the most part, extremely reasonable. It was fairly laid back most of the time.
Everyone will tell you your experience at Amazon will vary wildly depending on your team, boss, and stakeholders. Mine were, for the most part, extremely reasonable. It was fairly laid back most of the time.
Work from home, set hours, overtime when offered.
Flexible work hours and days
People treat you with respect plus the benefits are good.
good benefits, employee discount, occasional overtime
Very good pay, and overtime is called. Only 4 days a week working
Benefits: you get them the day you go into orentation, 401k, stock, medical, flma, std.
High level of ownership and accountability. Scope and scale of job was massive.
Benefits, Overtime, Attendance policy, clean organized environment
Great pay easy work the people u work with are very nice
Smart people. Brand recognition when you tell people where you work. Being a part of history. Good salary, (but read below, as the money is definitely not worth what the company asks of you).
Multidepartmental environment allowing you to learn and explore different processes Awesome mentorship program Rapid learning Continuous improvement Can be extremely challenging High expectations
Great pay and excellent benefits Ample opurtunity to advance if you put in the effort
Excellent pay and benefits. Very good on boarding at Phoenix (PHX6) for initial week long training to get acclimated with Amazon culture/standards.
People are super nice. Managers are great so far.
Fast paced, alot of internal movement
Laid back environment, if you are looking to chill for awhile, it's a reasonable place to work.
easy to move up within the company if you are willing to work hard and learn.
Smart, innovative culture with excellent decision making.
The pay is good and goes up fast.
They treat people like crap
Great Benefits, fair PTO, Full time hours
Decent pay, very good sign on bonus and referral bonus, paid time off, benefits from day 1.
Chances for advancement. Amazon also offers nice perks for associates that stick around.
Pay and not stressful Will meet a lot of new people
easy, nice people, lots of work, flexible job,w company works for you, good pay for work yes
The best part will be the folks you work with
Dry and moderate temp and this needs to be 20 words. Gotta really rethink this approach. Still not at 20 so here we go
Liberal time-off policy, decent wage for the region, some opportunity for internal advancement, stock options.
get to enhance your skills employee friendly adaptive to changes have fun along with work nice co-workers very customer-centric company
good working environment. Easy to manage off on emergency
Work field experience, a history / good time management, a self on going, out standing performance, with conference. I am a man of work.
Before I Begin I want to say that I joined the Company as a Fulfillment Associate in RSP (Pick) in the Ruskin, FL location in Oct 2015 and voluntarily resigned Dec 2016 to work at a company closer to home with higher pay (but not as good benefits or incentives). I have a college degree and made a much higher income (in a different field) before joining Amazon, however, I was going through a life crisis and needed to get some personal things together.  The Pros: Leadership (managers): This is The big one. My title was Fulfillment Associate (a tier 1 position-lowest level) and I felt that management supported me and encouraged me. Without getting too lame I also felt that the company did not give up on me. I've had a few post college jobs in the past and I can assure you they gave up but this was different. It's a combination of a good company culture, structure and good management (led by Jeff Bezos).  Company use of technology: It's a tech company so should have expected but the conveniences are WAY ahead of other companies. For example, there is an online portal where you can request transfers, check time worked, schedule time off. There's no need for paper forms or to track down manager. The robots used in operations of the business are also all impressive. Also can pay for food in the cafe area using your fingerprint.  Company layout: Since everyone has general questions about Anything work related (time off, personal leaves, ect) there are Human Resources personnel in an area that you pass each day and open for Any and All questions.  Diversity of co-workers: There are groups and circles but everyone seemed friendly and cordial for the most part. Also seemed to make working more Fun and Interesting. I made some friends and seemed we supported each other.  Set schedule and hours: Nice to have a set schedule and know when you will be working which provides ability to have real Work/Life Balance.  Knowing what you're responsible for: Tasks are well defined and you can be trained in other areas if you get bored doing one thing. The speed of tasks is important but the average person should have no problems meeting the company's performance goals. You can also race others doing tasks or just compete against yourself and complete individual missions (these games are on Kindles at each work station).  Benefits: 401(k) with company match. Stock Options. BCBS insurance which is accepted everywhere. My girlfriend was also able to be on my plan because we live together. A lot of other places will only allow dependents and spouses to be included. Professional advancement - Amazon will pay 95% of tuition for several career fields for you. Courses do not have to be to advance career within Amazon. Basically will pay for tuition to get training to get a job outside Amazon (this is unheard of to me).
career choice program which allows employees after a year of service to go to school and obtain a degree or certificate for a multitude of college and professional classes.
There are good opportunities but Amazon is stingy at giving them out.
Learning more about the interworkings of what it takes for a company to be successful Great team and leadership, very supportive Given tools to help customers Well written guidelines Plenty room for advancement
face paced, smart people, interesting projects
Job security. Good positive manager
Pay is ok , Paid time off , unpaid time off , paid vacation , 4-day work weeks (unless they call for overtime)
The salary is beyond great, computers and development tools are amazing. Love the company.
Works on a lot of different types of projects
The pay is fair for the area.
Great benefits, Good working conditions, Cutting edge technology. It was satisfying working for a big name company that continues to grow.
Great opportunities for growth, ability to work on projects you're interested in, and make a huge impact.
Company offers flexible work hours
Great place to get professional experience. Lots of paid training.
Good benefits, but not much else
Fun, making history, learning a lot
Amazing people to work with.
I worked in mountain house and it was amazing. The pay Is good the people are nice and the benefits are awesome. I unfortunately don't work here because I expended my time off but I can reapply soon!
Meeting new people. Benefits. fast paced
Fantastic health insurance. Paid time off.
The pay rate was good
Schedule is the best thing about Amazon
Good company reputation in the business tech world, may lead to other job opportunities with other companies if you can stay for more than 1 year. Very high customer service.
great incentive package, healthcare, vision, and dental. co-workers are great people
4 days week schedules, Benefits, PTO, UPTO. Being able to say you work for Amazon is pretty cool. Growth within the company possibilities if qualified.
Three day weekend. You need it to recover.
fun, exciting and challenging great opportunity to work on my customer service skills.
flexible work hours good for family person
The people are great - the energy level is unreal. There is so much opportunity and growth here it is insane. The offices are top of the line with new everything and ping pong and Foosball tables on every floor.
Working with other people who came from around the warehouse
It was a pretty easy job, the pay was good, and management was easy to work with and understanding
Good people. good stock options
Holiday pay, holiday time and a half, dental ppo, vision, work up to 30 hours if you are a part timer.
Great work-life balance. Amazon has a great system to feel like you are a part of something bigger.
Challenging work, potential upside for company
great company culture, great customer focus, Everybody works well together. Good pay for the amount of work that is required
- Opportunity to create your own schedule -a lot of give-a-ways to boost morale (gift cards, tv's amazon products, etc) -perfect for college students looking to make a few extra dollars
Bright Ideas, Innovative, Support of ideas, Customer focus
Short hours makes the day go by faster. Opportunities to convert to full time if you want. You also have the option to get more hours.
Work itself is very easy and co workers are very fun and intelligent. Like the fact there is no dress code and you get paid money. It's only good for a temporary job. Not long term.
nice envirinmen friendly people clean resources
Great shifts to work varieties of job training in different position.
Pay is great, benefits are great, freedom of your work
great benefits and i love this job
Give you several UPT hours
Great way to pick up some flexible part-time hours! The free Orca card for public transit is a great bonus! It really cuts down on expenses for traveling to and from work!
lots of perks daily work is easy. Pays well
Love it! Dogs Customer focus Sharp intelligent people
Great Pay, Outstanding Work Hours, huge room for career development.
The environment is one of a kind. Very passionate sweet matured co workers I've ever had the pleasure of working with for any company.  Flexibility between at home and work.  You'll truly feel like you're own boss with the way agents are able to tackle problems. Super easy and a great opportunity to have fun and make someones day.
Ur guaranteed 40 hrs a week good benefits and the pay is 12 1250 for me bcuz I'm overnight
There's a lot to learn and room to grow if you're dedicated.
1)They will pay up to 95% of approved courses for local community or tech colleges, but you have to follow their guidelines which are not easy to follow along with. 2)It is possible to get promoted within Amazon. 3)Free stock! 4)Employee discount of 10%. 5)Health Insurance is decent but.... 6)There is temporary disability.....
My co-workers are smart, dedicated and are definitely committed to everything AWS. There is a lot of innovation and always something to learn
Smart colleagues - working with some of the smartest people in the industry who are generally very happy to share their knowledge. Always learning new things which keeps it interesting. The opportunity to do work that impacts tens of millions of customers worldwide.
I get to work with some of the most talented, hard working and driven individuals. Provides a great learning opportunity to understand what works for customers in the e-commerce space.
Great time new people personally awesome
Amazon truly looks out for their employees, from providing snacks, drinks and even over the counter medications for their associates working on the floor to providing a safe work environment utilizing a strong safety team who cares for the well being of the associates.
Clean environment for a factory .Plenty of work. I work in Carteret plant.
- casual atmosphere and pets - smart people and you learn new things from one another - work hard play hard - Co workers are extremely helpful, smart, open (depends on your team, some might not be as helpful or open) - Company is very open to have people move around internally and find out what they like and what to do - transferable skills
Fast paced company with a zest for challenging the status quo.
Nice work environment. Lots to learn
not a horrible place to work the way they make it out to be in the media
Great benefis for you and your family
Ok, ok ok neutral, neutral, ok, ok ok ok ok some days better than others. ..location. pick your shifts
They pay you money to do work that's not too bad.
Fast Paced, Growth Opportunities, Learning opportunities, high pay, lots of tools to help, smart people
The hours were given. Always busy. Compensation was considerate.
Great Benefits & good work environment
- Working with Amazon gives you a right kind of discipline and attitude to work in a diligent manner . - You work hard.
Apply and get hired in less than a week Overtime during major sales Stock options if you're able to last 2+ years Interesting events and themed days hosted at facilities Very lax dress policies Good tuition assistance program (for associate degrees only) Competitive pay considering how easy the job is to obtain Associates have the ability to manage their own time off (and on) 4 day work week (I work Tues - Fri, Sat, sun, Mon off)
Plenty of opportunities to learn different tasks found in Supply Chain Management.
Easy work and a very sociable environment. Everyone that says working at amazon is slave work is most likely referring to FULL-TIME WORK. At the part-time facility, the majority of what we do is scan the packages and put them on the pallets so they can go to their destination, and we get paid the same $12.75 as the full-time. Great for students who need a flexible schedule as there are shifts throughout the whole day, or if you just want to supplement your income. They do offer school accommodation as well as help pay for school (after 1yr of permanent employment).
This is a great company to work for, they always give you the opportunity to advance, always include you in making decisions on making your work area better, and the pay is great ,everyone gets bonus for Christmas and they feed all employees during the peak season!
Working with smart people in a friendly environment
Flexible late shifts allow you to be productive in day Good pay and benefits very competitive and fair
Amazing Management Great break room Vending machines for everything Motivating Employees is important to management Process is questioned, not you Encouraging atmosphere Everyone is super nice Raffles Competitions for BIG/small prizes Great Benefits Good pay
fast paced, great job, great benefits.
Pretty reasonable schedule, will try to work with your needs if you are a student. Get a discount. reasonable pay.
No commute, steady hours, breaks, seasonal bonus....... That's it
Work from home, paid training
Great employer to work for.
Nice good yes kind sincere
Great environment and nice personel
This is a great company to work for, they always give you the opportunity to advance, always include you in making decisions on making your work area better, and the pay is great ,everyone gets bonus for Christmas and they feed all employees during the peak season!
None....although they are building a giant warehouse in Shakopee MN..they are keeping wages low because it's all robotics..they don't need people.
the money, but it isn't worth it.
- Always challenged to think big, and back great ideas with data. - Continuous growth in knowledge of tools, processes, and business concepts. - Work in an environment where you are never the smartest person in the room, but your ideas and inputs are highly valued.
Hard work Always Staying Active Good Team Orientation  Above all, this is a decent place to start if your looking for this type of work.
Working at Amazon is a good opportunity. THey have many shifts available which is really good for anyone going to school. Amazon offers pretty good benefits as well.
good pay
Awesome medical and dental benefits. Also a matching 401k. They stary you out with 3 shares of stock. If you want to further your education they will help you with that also.
Amazon's VCC or Virtual Call Center is a work from home position that has great benefits. Medical after 90 days, working from home, and all the equipment provided (Jabbra USB headset) Set your own hours, great VTO (voluntary Time Off) or UPT (unpaid Time Off) and TON's of OT (overtime)
Great atmosphere Lots of fringe benefits Amazing health insurance on the cheap Employee discount on amazon.com Free flu shot on site
Very autonomous place to work
Surprisingly good management and a fast paced environment. All the reviews I've read about bad management are false. One must work at Amazon to truly experience how good the culture is.
Amazon is hands down the best big company to work for. The company culture is very much like a wild rainforest. Don't expect anyone to hold your hand. If you're a self-starter, don't complain, and can think quickly on your feet, you will succeed here. Forget what the media has said about Amazon, this company is a family friendly place to work. I don't know about any backstabbing or political BS that you see at other companies. I've only been here for three months and everyone in my department knows me by first name. Also, it needs to be stated that Jeff Bezos is brilliant. He ranks up there with Gates, Jobs, and Ellison. Amazon is not a technology company first, but that's quickly changing. They have some really exciting stuff planned in the years ahead. I only wish I joined Amazon straight out of college. But I'm glad to be part of their story too.
Flexible options for work schedule. Nice vending area in the break room. Easy work. Lots of extra hours during the busy season. Great temporary, short term job. Lots of different kinds people to meet.
As an engineer, if you put the work in, you will learn a lot really fast, and grow quickly. Having Amazon on your resume also opens many doors.
Lots of smart people working there.
Good culture in the team. Working with smart people
Fast paced, friendly people, helpful, fun
Company driven by good thought leadership and a well organized business yet very dynamic.
Rapidly expanding company, especially within their Logistics division. Decent benefits and 401k. Lots of stock options for mid and upper level management.
Great salary & benefits, great potential for advancement (if you fit the profile), with a wide range of career path choices.  Great place to work if you don't have a family or other outside commitments, or you are a workaholic.
met alot of cool people, made decent money, had a set shift
Company as a whole is great if your under a great team, which are few and far between.
Flexible hours. Great management that cares for and develops employees. Fast paced and positive work environment. Overtime possibilities. Growing company.
I loved the shift. Allowed me to be with my children during the day.
Good pay and good bonuses
Great Environment Develop people Think big Great growth
Fast money, weekly pay, not working a shift long, working with a team everyday your on shift and pick up extra hours.
The working environment is excellent. They let you have fun but at the time, you should focus on your work.
Wouldn't be so bad if there wasn't a rate and the shifts weren't so long.i was a picker and it was crappy.
None that I can recall. Some good people but overworked and stressed most of the time.
Great benefits and time off and paid holidays and vacations.
Good name to have on your resume
Friendly management Cares about employees Plenty of training Good benefits
Consistent hours, easy work, standing
Very strong work ethic and data driven company.
Great Benefits. Decent vacation packages. Possibly the best of any company I've worked for in terms of medical benefits. Great place to work as a stepping stone if you need great benefits, fair pay while looking for a Long term employer.
Available for OT almost anytime. First day benefits. PTO.
Awesome datasets, lot of smart people around you, career opportunities (inside and outside), learning opportunities, impactful work. If you are a builder and have the right "it can be done" attitude, you can do great at amazon.
Very casual, laid back, easy repetitive work. Friendly environment, someone will always be willing to help if you ask.
Good benefits, flexible schedule, sometimes you have fun
CSR at home position. Nice company
Great pay, high visibility projects, record breaking speed, you'll never work for a company that has its hands in so many different areas, flexibility to move around and try new things
innovation, fast pace, new technology, more young people coming
Good money very long hours
Flexibility, Plenty of Hours, Awesome Training
Many opportunities to learn and take on new projects.  You might get lucky and work with a good boss.  If you are interviewing expect to have your bonus split over two years. This is Amazon's way of trying to keep people to stay more than a year. The company goes through a lot of people. It's uncommon to find people over 1 year.  Read the information online about Amazon. There is also a website that was created by current and former employees as a warning to people.  Be aware of this company!
Salary is competitive, employees are very nice and most stick together
Great Benefits. Decent vacation packages. Possibly the best of any company I've worked for in terms of medical benefits. Great place to work as a stepping stone if you need great benefits, fair pay while looking for a Long term employer.
You don't need experienced and they trained you to drive differents trucks.
Great atmosphere, awesome pay, good co-corkers, freedom to make decisions and think outside the box, great hours.
I worked at DFW8, a sorting center. Most of the time I was just picking up boxes off of a conveyor belt, scanning them, and dropping them at the right pallet. Sometimes I got picked/volunteered to work in unloading the trucks, which was typically more fun as I appreciate a good work out. Pay was good for what it was, I think it was like $11 or $12 an hour.
You learn a LOT! Very challenging and engaging work.
Decent pay, great benefits, great culture. The job is what you make of it.
Benefits vcp pay bonus opportunities
Love it here - best job experience
Benifits and pay even though the workers deserve more pay
Moves Fast lots of tools tons of data to work with freedom to define your role high compensation
The benefits are great, opportunity to move up quickly in the company, PTO, UPT, VCP each month
Work Hard, Have fun, make history. They work based on the above motto which will be helpful for the employees to grow with the company.
Pay is great for part-time seasonal, laid back environment, management lets you work independently and is very helpul
Benifits, Time Off ,Vacation Time
Great benefits and if you're out of shape, you won't be for long.
Great environment for hourly employees. Benefits, PTO, UPT and the culture are excellent. Hourly employees are monitored for quality and productivity every minute of the day. Employees who stay on task easily meet the requirements of their positions. Safety culture is top-notch. Managers are intelligent and experienced with managing people firmly and fairly.
culture is great. sky is the limit.easy accessible to execs. okay to fail.
the benefits are good you really meet some cool people there
regular hours 3 day weekends day 1 benefits
Innovative work, ability to learn a lot and work with smart people
The pay is good and occasional raise
Was a good learning opportunity and interesting to see how a big corporation works. Good resume builder and opportunity to learn Microsoft excel
Great hours and daily employee recognition
Over time opportunities, nice staff
- The work is easy for the money paid. I have literally done 3x harder work for 7.00 an hour. - The rate is easy to make. 155 stocked cases per hour is about 3 cases per minute. So you might have 5 minutes where you scan 50 cases then you might walk around looking for a bin for a large case. None of the products are over 50lbs, and you have to manage your own pace. - The personnel are professional and the workplace is professional. - The hours are great. - Company provides paid bus rides.
The team with which I work is focused on retail solutions in new formats. We have the ability to be creative and to try new concepts and ideas, while interacting with customers real time. This has been a great team for my personal retail and tech growth.
Some of the smartest and most driven people I have ever worked with. Great company with vision and ability to get things done. Empowers its people.
pay, benefits, flexibility with time
Pay is a good thing very good
Very friend place to work with great benefits couldnt ask for anymore willing to work with you to make you comfortable and just an all round nice place to be
anyone and everyone has a voice
Good benefits package, Adequate facilities, physical environment controls.
* Interesting problems to solve * Really smart and talented co-workers * Good pay
Pay and benefits are good.
Great pay, comfortable work environment, and friendly atmosphere.
Benefits are very nice. Flexibility is earned. Shift swapping sint so hard considering how many work here.
Benefits are very nice. Flexibility is earned. Shift swapping sint so hard considering how many work here.
Good staff, good management, opportunities to advance and move up within the company
Great company..great people..great benefits. They care about their employees. Always finds ways to motivate. Incentives are very nice.
good at what they did so everyone was happy... but it is true trust me ok
Start up feel and encouragement to innovate. Great for your resume.
Easy to get hired Simple work
Big Company Fast Growing Can be a Long term Job
The Benefits at Amazon is pretty good
Amazon is a fast-paced, exciting place to work. You can learn a lot here from your colleague and your boss.
Lots of good connections and networking to be made. Benefits Monthly VCP bonus
Pretty easy job, easy rates to keep up with, Benefits are good, paid time off, also vacation time is available to you.
Awesome work environment. Coworkers always willing to lend a hand to help me learn more and grow my career.
Great treatment from employee they're amazing.
nothing special about this job
Health Insurance Benefits, Stocks after a long period of time.
Amazon provided a very relaxed atmosphere in the Huntington call center.
This is a great job fun experience
lots to learn if interested
Nice people, ease job. Safe and clean facility.
Working with amazing people Good pay Lot's of overtime Great Benifits Stocks!!!!! Music PTO, VTO, UTP Oppourtunity...........
There are a lot of great things about working at Amazon as a recruiter. It's the fastest-growing large company in the world, so it has a lot of resources and a lot of challenges that will help you improve as a recruiter. Most of the people you work with, especially the teams you support, are extremely smart and fun people. Amazon is a well-known and a (mostly) sought-after employer. You help build teams that build products that impact tens or hundreds of millions of people and often make the news. They are slowly but steadily improving the benefits to their employees - more supportive parental leave policies, more liberal internal transfer policies, better offices/buildings. They also generally pay well against the overall market. They are a challenging place to recruiter as well, while that can be less than fun at times, it means you will become a better recruiter quickly. I'm pretty confident that someone who can successfully work at Amazon for a year or two can go on to be successful at pretty much any other company. They also have nice little perks like fishbowls (talks or performances by popular speakers or up-and-coming bands) and the holiday/summer party were fun.
They offer really good insurance, and the discount on amazon.com is decent.
Amazon was the best career move for me. The benefits are great and the people I work with I really appreciate. My management team is amazing and I enjoy working with them everyday
I love to work in a fast pace environment like Amazon. It is also very challenging cause we have to keep up with a certain speed and time. They also offer u benefits.
Amazing benefits for all employees, very spoiled
High impact projects, good exposure to the industry
Cutting technology company. Exposes you to a lot of new technologies allowing career growth. Management is working hard to ensure better work/life balance.
4 Day Workweek, very flexible PAID Time off & Unpaid Time Off, School Accommodation with your scheduled shift. HR is great, and respond rapidly to associate questions, concerns, or situations.
The great thing about this company is there are so many positions, you can possibly move up. Also they have flexible hours.
Work from home, flexible schedule, decent pay, great support
Decent pay, lots of overtime
Work at company that is known and growing Fast paced and not boring Learn many things rather quickly
Benefits and compensation, somewhat good team dynamic, somewhat enjoyable work area/ experience.
It's okay to work when you single
The pay is great. Much higher than competitive positions. The benefits are fantastic. There are many times I go to the doctor or dentist and the office manager is surprised at how much is covered. They offer restricted stock units and with their stock doing so well, it really adds up. The company is growing every year so your opportunities are endless...as long as you are willing to relocate.
Good money for no experience and immediately getting hired without an interview process
Great people to work with and you will always be busy with the amount of work given to you.
Everything. There isn't anything negative about the job. You get a couple of people who don't pull they're weight, but that is every company. Great training and culture.
They are very good to work for motivating and great benefits
Plenty of training, fun team to work with, great benefits, lots of opportunity for overtime, growth and promotion is highly encouraged.
I work from home. Im in the comfort of my home and dont have to commute.
I LOVE how fast-paced it is. I love that management is very attuned to the needs of the business and adjusts our time up or down accordingly. I think that just makes great business sense and it's impressive that they can accomplish something that must be insanely complex. The facility I work in is so clean. It's beautiful, well lit.
There are lots of opportunities to move up if you work hard.
Interesting and dynamic environment with a lot of driven smart people. Plenty of opportunity for learning and expanding one's skills and definitely not a boring place to work. There are opportunities for international travel and changing teams every couple of years is encouraged.
many hours/overtime 60 hours a week
Work from home, that's about it, no other pros blah blah blah
Amazon is a very reputable company that most people recognize. Beside that, the pay is okay ($13/hr). You get some employee perks such as 10% off in Amazon online shopping. If you participate in unpopular shifts (in which they are desperate), you can get prizes. The people there are diverse. The interview process is very easy...because there is no interview.
Big Company, More technology to handle
Talented people, good development environment. AWS.
Great people, very easy to progress if you live and breath the company's values and take opportunities. In my 8 years there I learned more and was exposed to more than I will in my next 16 I'm sure. It helped in skyrocketimg my career.
Good place for new grad to learn.
-Flexible hours: pick own hours, virtual -Cool promotions to win free things. -They send cheap five dollar goodies to employees once in a while -Got a free T-shirt -work from home -relatively easy work with great pay -Independent work with very limited interaction with boss unless you're doing poorly (so it's great for independent workers) -Some room for advancements buy only if you want to work in customer service
I'm a new hire. So far, I absolutely love it! Some pros are you get benefits after three days. Full benefits. They offer tons of overtime especially during holiday season. As a company, so far, they seem super organized in the hiring process. You work independently with no one watching over your back. During peak season, they pay you an hour travel time if you choose to drive to an outside location and take a shuttle to work . I haven't ever worked for a company that did that. So far, they seem to above all first, be customer focused as a priority then second , take care of their employees.
Great benefits and people friendly.
Love everything about this job!
Time off when you needed it
Good pay and benefits and raises every 6 mos.
fast paced, decent benefits, decent co workers,
Good benefits...decent salary....great stock options but that's the dangling carrot...the shares vest and become available a little at a time.
AWS is a very good place to start your career.
Great pay. Changed my schedule after showing them I work super hard. Part time shift is great for college students.
Good benefits, mostly set schedule
Very well organized corporate structure and really good internal tools for SDEs.
Great place to learn. You learn alot in a short period of time.
Because I love the fast paste
Easy job to get, decent pay,
Good pay and benefits and raises every 6 mos.
great pay, lovely benefit, paid time off
The pay is awesome The job is pretty easy to learn You get lots of hours, especially from October to December Day 1 benefits (if you're full time) Paid time off Vacation time
Seeing what it's worth and im,going to try my best
The pay is awesome The job is pretty easy to learn You get lots of hours, especially from October to December Day 1 benefits (if you're full time) Paid time off Vacation time
Seeing what it's worth and im,going to try my best
Easy job, New technology, A typical day at work is working 10 hours day packing boxes and unloading trucks. Management was very supportive with helping employees that needed assistance. There weren't really any hard parts in the work place. It was very enjoyable
Amazon is a fast growing company that uses the latest technology and equipment to make it easy to contribute from day 1. This along with the opportunities to move forward have kept me motivated to give %100 every day.
money is great benefits are great
+ You will be stretched so much in growth after year 1 you will be a new person. Can be a con for some. + Compensation is competitive + International opportunities. Amazon does a great job with international assignments for those that want to try something new.
S3 group is super cool.
Great incentives Take care of employees Easy
Amazon cares and wants to keep good people, people who work hard and want to be successful
Love the awesome benefits and hours.
This company delivers on customer AND employment services!
Work from home , not much else I can add here to make it 20 words so there ya go amazon.
The training is self paced and convenient. The management is very formal and communicates any and all changes effectively. It is enough room for growth and advancement opportunities. The schedule changes roughly every few weeks or so and you are able to pick and choose whatever schedule that best meets your needs.
Freedom to invent whatever may make money so long as the customer's experience is only ever bettered in the process
The work is highly. Interesting
The work is not hard at all. Just show up and be a part of the machine, time goes fast if you're caffeinated. The management really cares about their employees.
Pays a decent wage and has great benefits for people with no experience or fresh out of high school.
Great people, strong community,friendly,accommodating,open door policy,down to earth,easy to learn,fun,room for growth
Pay is great! The benefits are awesome! Guaranteed 40 hours.
Fun place to work at
days and hours are consistent and you do the same job everyday
Always opportunity for over time.
Amazon culture forces you to challenge yourself.
Fast-paced, challenging environment. High growth rate and room for opportunity.
Amazon will push you to perform your best. It really is where over achievers go to feel bad about themselves.
Pay is very competitive,benefits not too bad
Friendly people, excellent benefit, got everything that I need
Good place to work in cutting edge technology
It's not all that hard, the environment is great and everyone gets along fine. The jobs are fairly easy. 3 day weekends
Provide equipment needed to perform job. When let go they make you return it. Team Leaders are pretty good.
Fast development, meet tons of new people, great management, great work out, easy promotions, great pay, good hours, certain times you can work up to 60 hours, they're very rewarding
Fast paced, great benefits, diverse
salary, friends, atmosphere, salary, friends,
Not having to get out of pajamas, ease of the programs used, perks.
Great co workers to be around.
Making Customers Happy and Satisfied.
The culture encourages being open with intentions and playing to strengths. I was an entry-level hire, so growth is probable.
can get college education pd for after 1yr employment
Pay is not bad and Benefits are ok
The schedule for work from home was SUPER flex! We could build our own schedules based on the availability the team leads gave us. This allowed me to work another job and go to school.
It is very easy to get the job. The interview process was a breeze...mostly because there was no interview. You apply and get hired. You start with 10 hours Paid time off and accrue more as you work. 4 day work schedule is great if you can handle the long shifts.
Everyone is ridiculously smart and if you want a culture that runs fast and sees results this is for you. I can't tell you how nice it is to work only with people who are intelligent, articulate and on-point.
Great money along with benefits
They nice and reliable staff.
Challenging atmosphere, unique experience, constantly changing environment, decent benefits Somewhat reasonable opportunities for advancement, dedicated support staff, chance to make a difference
Great benefits starting Day 1, guaranteed raise every 6 months, possible bonus of up to 16% of monthly income every month, flexible schedule, many advancement opportunities
Good management, decent pay, great benefits. Offers plenty of upward mobility and opportunities to advance up the management ladder. Good employer.
Benefits are superb The associates are the reason you decide to come back
Decent pay. Ability to work from home.
5 hours shift, easy job but tired.
Great benefits. Annual stock gifts. Great insurance. ..
They trust you with a lot, allowing you to grow your skills and make an actual impact, even with entry level positions. The company definitely has a direction, and the leadership knows where they're headed Leadership principles are great.
Great company, a good range of work hours to choose from. Great environment. Benefits package is good. Facility is safe.
Freedom, Overtime Opportunities, Given the opportunity to work independently at your own pace as well as train and help other people advance and attain the same level of skill you have
- Rapid development pace - Ownership of a project
Very Flexible Can pick own shift No micro managing
This job works you hard but pays you good. Everyone has great attitudes there about it though. Very positive people and energy. Long shifts but worth it in the end.
Benefits are superb The associates are the reason you decide to come back
Fast Paced , Data Driven , Logical
computer science and changing circumstances, move around a lot, etc.
Co-workers were generally friendly and management was almost always helpful. Plenty of time off and plenty of overtime to pick up.
Money, experience managing large groups with many different variables, priorities
It's a job and you can get a blue badge in 30 days of being hired. You get a dollar more so that's $12 an hour.
Many shifts to chose from. Raises every 6 months.
Strong team, tough projects. Can learn a lot during the work. You own your project. Big monitors.
A lot to learn, good intern event, helpful mentor
People are smart and genuinely try to solve some very difficult technical problems. They do obsess over customers and invent new ways of doing things to earn trust and deliver results all while learning and remaining curious and being frugal at hiring and developing the best deep divers that can display ownership.
Massive discrimination. They need to be shut down
Amazon is a great company to work for.
Okay pay for the work, and the hours are long but simple job nothing to complex. If your in shape good job.
It was pretty good to work there
Incredibly fast paced, highly intelligent people who have a lot of fun along the way while building things no one has ever dreamed of building before.
Salary, People, opportunity, mentorship, Fun
It's an easy job and the time goes by fast because we are always busy. Overtime available, cheap benefits, advancement opportunities available for hard workers, managers notice the hard workers!!
+ Autonomy to make decisions, choose work, define vision. + Innovative space, always room to improve and grow. +Flexibility, want to try a completely new space? Go for it.
It is a easy place to work
Lots of experience and high learning curve. Allows for ample opportunity.
Very good organization and good team communication
Great people, pay and training.
Its like a small city, diversified place to work at. Good salary, 40 hours each week + plenty of overtime. Flexible schedules available.
Amazon is a life saver. The people who complain must be spoiled.
Easy as pie simple as that
Good insurance, paid to work out.
Great company to work for, good pay, long hours.
Easy job, just scan package all day
They have transportation, health insurance, doctor on site and an employees asoc. for savings.
It was a learning experience
The stock price is ridiculous! When you join they give you a nice sign on bonus as well as restricted stock units.
Compensation, work hard get rewarded. Time off options given immediately, Personal Time (Paid Time Off), Unpaid Time Off, Vacation accrual. Benefits in the form of Hourly pay, Stock, as well as Bonus pay outs for attendance and performance.
Think they are the best in their own arrogant way.
Pros are they pay good and they give you a van to drive to deliver customers package and they have good benefits
Very fast paced, hard working environment
I just made 6 months in Amazon and it has been awesome experience. Great culture, better life balance and great place to continue growing.
Salary, sign on bonus, people
Insurance and pay isn't bad
This is only my second week working, but I love the fast paced working environment. Everyone is so nice and I get to work off the pounds, drink more water and make money as well. Awesome!!!
Working for the largest online retailer has it's perks. Opportunities to work on projects which quickly scale to 6 or 7 figure savings for the company are all around. Stock compensation has been very lucrative with the company's continued growth. Company values are those that honestly should be taught to children growing up. People are level headed, practical and the quality of your team members will likely be very high without it seeming like they will step on your back to get ahead. Everyone is very helpful if you just ask
Flexible day of the week. Task-management Organize
Fast pace, weekly pay, convenient hours, decent pay
Shifts go by pretty fast and you can work in different areas even in one shift - so not too boring. Good pay, good place to learn about warehouse work.
Great place to learn new things. Company leadership principles teach you how to be effective at workplace. Good spirit of customer focus.
This site allows you many different small administration jobs with a variety of many different fields of employment. You get paid very fast and the more work you complete, the more money you make. Easy access to deposit your earnings into your bank account or PayPal account when you need the funds.
A lot of things to take advantage of.
Money is o.k., human resource staff tries to be helpful
innovative culture, opportunities for other careers
Name Recognition. Extremely easy job that does not require much thinking.
Great opportunity thus far. Easy hiring process and work from home. Also there is a seasonal bonus with great team support.
Great health insurance from Day One.
Amazon offers good pay and great stock.
Great benefits and good hours.
Broad spectrum of things to work on
Feel of working at fast paced environment. You get full ownership of the problem you are working on.
great pay and hours for all shifts
The pay, benefits, mandatory overtime, paid time off.
Some of the best co workers. That's about it. Need at least 20 words.
Nice place to work. many benefits and bonuses.
Customer obsession. Fast paced environment. New opportunities if you are willing to relocate.
Up beat direct managers - positive work environment
Benefits, decent pay, raise every six months, incentives, stocks
Healthcare, benefits and overtime are good.
Flexible schedule and Started with $10/hr
Friendly- Coworkers Good working environment Friendly Managers Decent wage as a part-time job Flexible schedule
Amazing place to work. Lots of different opportunities.
I love this job. The best job I ever had in my life. Managers and workers are so helpful and nice
You'll learn how to make decisions quickly and will rarely be bored.
Good pay and compensation for SDE
Benefits start day one OK Salary Nice hard working people from all backgrounds
-Lots of hours -Above minimum wage pay -Great atmosphere
Amazon is a great company to work for overall. There are always opportunities for advancement and the company is highly regarded in the eyes of many. Stock options are great as well.
You have flexible schedules that you can pick weekly. The job is fun and easy. Overall they want the employees to enjoy the work day.
- lots of smart people on SD1-SD2 levels - great tech infrastructure and automation
they work around my family life
45 min breaks, 1hr lunch breaks, plenty of time to make out, flirt and chat with your co-workers. No-one bothers you if you stand a chat all day and don't do any work.
Team Environment Structured Hierarchy Entry Level
-compensation -leadership experience -camaraderie with team -Baltimore location is close to city
Organized very direct with the process
Amazon has a reputation that is second to none. Being able to say you work for Amazon is honorable in it of itself.
Very accommodating, working from home is great
Solid work ethic very flexible on hours and paid time. Easy move up in company
Great benifits and good pay
It was a job when I needed one. 10% discount on Amazon orders.
Easy physical work, great benefits, really positive atmosphere
Mostly nice to work for.
Great atmosphere, Learn several different jobs which keeps employees from getting bored. Managers are easy to talk to and listens to concerns.
The Benefits are excellent, health insurance, company shares and retirement plans.
People are nice and helpful, I learned a lot during the intern last summer, would love to come back and work here again!!!!!
consistent work and a decent amount of money compared to what you will get from some other companies in the area for the same kind of work
Lots of responsibilities so plenty of experience. Get to work with a lot of smart people. Good pay. You can move up easy if you are wiling to stick it out through the BS and work 15 hour days.
Easy money easy to get into steady schedule every week guaranteed 40 hours onlw worked 4 days a week. there is also alot of overtime and decent pay
> large company > VERY smart people/teams > verity in work oppotunities
Very good atmosphere at Amazon.
Working at Amazon fulfillment center is fun and beneficial. Not only is the salary good, the people are great as well. I enjoy my time at amazon and I'm making new friends every day.
The amount of hours amazon offers is great, especially around holiday times, I always need extra cash around Christmas and Thanksgiving so its always good to have extra available hours.
Decent pay for area, great benefits, nice options as far as vacation, personal and unpaid personal time. Very diverse employee population, some well-intentioned managers and PAs. Able to work 4 10 hour shifts and have 3 days off.
Work from Home. Work in your PJ's. No gas expenses. Employee Discounts.
Great atmosphere, Learn several different jobs which keeps employees from getting bored. Managers are easy to talk to and listens to concerns.
Multi platform environment in constant update/change provide opportunities for research, study and enrich IT skills and experience.
Innovative, work with really smart people. You get a pedigree with Amazon on your resume. You can make a lot of money too.
Benefits, 3 days off, benefits start day one, PTO and vacation given day one.
Lots to learn if you're new to the industry. Massive company means you'll advance your communication technique as well.
I enjoy my team and camaraderie, surrounded by driven professionals that motivate growth and higher learning. There are plenty of channels to explore further development.
Seattle is an awesome city to live in. Amazon's downtown location is very nice. Great company all around!
Laid back casual working environment Great benefits and discounts Many opportunities to grow within the company
Your career can be what you make it and you will work with some intelligent people. The company is growing at a rapid pace and new opportunities to grow and stretch are always opening.
Above average benefits. Work life balance is good. Latest technologies. Decent package
Great pay and benefits, associates are great to talk to, you make a lot of new friends. Cool break rooms
Good benefits, challenging , no work life balance , many people
the pay was good which is the most you could hope for with the type of work i was doing there. Management did their best to be personable despite little personal interaction.
benefits immediately, personal/unpaid time given when in need to come to work late/leave early or even miss a day, etc.
Great hours Great benefits Get to dress casually Holiday bonuses Paid time off Hands on experience for multiple areas
this is a good company to work for with a benefit package second to none. the atmosphere is a great environment for growth and expansion. The ladder for success alone is a incentive to rise above the ranks and take bigger and greater responsibilities and eventually take the mantle of area manager or GM. The benefits are the second reason to work for Amazon with full medical, dental and optical offered. a 401k plan and a retired plan to boot. They also hand out stock options to every employee. For all fantastic goodies Amazon offers it does have its drawbacks.
Love working for this company and in this culture! It may not be for everyone but if you set boundaries for work life balance from the beginning it can be an amazing experience!
-automated/advanced system -good structure -nice people and team members are very supportive -transparent management -fairly good pay for college grads -flexible working hours
They offer great health insurance along with good payment and lots of opportunity to gain more not including the stock bonuses.
- No interview needed to get hired - Only drug testing - Flexible hours
Amazon is OK for us
Typical warehouse job. Has the good and the bad people working. Just hope you don't get stuck with slow people
Great way to adjust to RV living while earning grocery money. Coworkers and management were great.
Amazon works very hard to make employees feel a part of the overall experience of the customer. This create a sense of pride and ownership
Scale and scope of work is large. There are many interesting problems to solve, from high level business problems to low level platform and infrastructure problems. There is something for every type of engineer. Moving from one team to another is easy. Stick with managers you know and trust.
The atmosphere is nice every one is kind and pleasant to be around.
You will meet nice people, shed a few pounds, and make some extra cash if your in between jobs.
Give good time off , they vto you and dont penilize you , peak season is great and good money just a little time
Seattle is an awesome place to live
Snacks are available and they are good snacks. A lot of exercise. meet awesome people
The company offered great benefits to the employees. I
I think the best thing about Amazon was the people you got to work with.
- Amazon knows how to do business - Freedom in decisions - Disciplined, data-driven approach to everything - The best place to learn
It always was a different smile to come to everyday did have to work as hard. Hours was manageable to my everyday life.....
Amazon Vine is an invitation-only program. Vine Voices are selected based on several criteria, but primarily on the helpfulness of their reviews as judged by all other customers and by their demonstrated interest in the types of products that are featured in the program. Customers who consistently write helpful reviews and develop a reputation for expertise in specific product categories are most likely to be invited into the program.
Great infrastructure for deploying software, lots of smart people
Instant benefit package, full time work with three days off, decent starting pay for wearhouse work, big business means job security.
Great Intern project + chance to explore Seattle for a summer + great coworkers + dogs, lots of dogs
Good benefits, nice coworkers and and good for the resume.
You'll get a lot of work done - but you'll pay a steep price to do it. At L5 or above the pay package may be attractive.
Amazon offers opportunities for interesting, challenging work on many teams. Much to learn. Location in downtown Seattle is nice. Dogs.
Highly competitive, Intelligent people around, fast growth
Well organized and there are very smart people to help you.
Good structured career growth when compared to other companies. Rising stock value. Seattle is a decent place to live.
It's a paycheck Get to work in pajamas Discount is 10% off, up to a $100 benefit.
The ability to get overtime is the only thing I would say.That and the fact that you work 4 days and get three off back to back.
Work hard. Have fun. Make History. This really happens every day.
- You'll get an incredible amount of hires during peak months - You'll learn an astonishing amount in a short period of time - Most coworkers are intelligent and willing to help - You'll get approached by Facebook, Google, etc for jobs - Transferring teams is pretty easy  I still have a lot of respect for Amazon's University recruiting efforts. They are able to scale quick and hit impressive numbers. It sharpened aged skills and forced me to learn new ones I didn't know I had in me.
Money is ok, and they give you the tools that you need to get the job done in a safe way
Water stations. Large cafeteria but no free food. Working in a large corporation that makes a positive difference. I feel like I make a difference.
Great pay and easy to make friends. Most AMs are friendly and easy to talk to.
Will be able to learn a lot of new technologies. It is fantastic if you start your career here.
Good benefit Great environment Coworkers are good
good place to work, fun to work with people
*My co-workers were very nice *Logistics is still new and growing, wonderful for someone who likes to learn *I worked from home, and that was very nice
Good pay that's about it
Nothing good about working here. Nothing!
Good area to work in. You help customers resolve issues with unknown or fraudulent charges on their credit cards.  Excellent benefits from the company and they offer 401k, major medical and dental as well as vision plans for employee and family  Flexible work hours
Customer focused, good balance between business and engineering sides of the company, opportunities to take initiative/ownership of your services, leadership is very competent.
Not too difficult and pays decent
Work on projects effect such large user bases
it's not back breaking work, air conditioning, great benefits, 4 day week available for some positions, some promotion potential for educated employees
Legit stay at home job with descent pay ($10 an hour).
Really Smart people, good projects that challenge you, performance review process very clear and open, great salaries
Great company, great benefits, poor leadership.
Could be a great place to work...
Start off with 12.00 might be a little more now Plenty over time
Some of the smartest and capable people I've worked with, innovation at every turn, fast paced, ability to work cross functionally if you have the desire, compensation is attractive
Liberal time off policy. You can just decide you don't want to stay the rest of the day and clock out, as long as you have the time to cover it
fun and challenge work to do
stock, looks good on your resume
well i have a wife and apartment call to take care so i needed to work and i would like 3 shift to start
Hard work truly does not go unnoticed. After only 8 months as a Tier 1, I was chosen to take the key Tier 3 role as Ship Clerk.
The competitive benefits, the decent employee discount, the close to home location of business, the easy freeway access to the place of business.
They treat intern pretty well.
The most progressive company you will ever work for. Loved working from home and the flexibility that came with it.
Great culture, work hard in a casual setting. Dogs are allowed, innovating a lot of awesome things!
It is among the big 4, so you choose your team and org carefully (and with some luck), you can grow in your career quickly
It's a part-time job so your able to have a second job, go to school or handle any other obligations you may have.
Working with amazon is amazing. I enjoy the pay and flexibility
great work life balance year around
As a part time employee, I really do enjoy working for Amazon. 32 hour work week, great benefits, great pay, plus a discount! My hours are perfect during the week.  So far HR has been really helpful in answering any and all questions. Managers are awesome too! They are a little strict about you clocking in and out for lunch and breaks. So make sure you get back to your "station" on time!  The downside for some people is that after two days of training you're on your own. Plus there is some soreness and exhaustion. But, you'll get used to it after a while.  So far I haven't had any complaints about working here. I only hope that things get better from here.
I have nothing for pro's this place is awful.
Great working atmosphere "on the floor". Very organized.
can "volunteer time off" go home without utilizing your vacation or paid time off.
Brand recognition Potential for movement Decent Insurance
Weekly pay, weekly pay, weekly pay
The people inside the building are amazing. Everyone is so friendly and nice. Even some of the managers, and the cleaning crew.
Amazon brand on resume helps
Very laid back, fun and fair. Quick promotion. Cool people to work with.
Selling product to high quality customers.
Great opportunities and a lot of room for growth. You can really learn to develop your self.
Coworkers are very friendly, management is helpful and experienced, and the Pay is great (you really earn every penny)
Pay Hours Management is nice Clean facilities Encouraging team
Amazon is a great place to work, great benefits
Amazon is a great place to work, great benefits
Friendly, innovative, fun, and passionate environment
Customer obsessed culture. Great equity pay.
Smart, committed workforce working on state of the art IT projects A "deep pocket" company, worthy projects get funding easily Easy to move around the company to try different roles, challenges
*Get to work with some very smart people *Get to work in multiple spaces - retail, devices, cloud etc. all within one company *Salaries are very attractive
great learning exprience....like an MBA but they pay you!
Compared to former position, similar work life balance. Benefits are competitive - health care options and employee share are pretty good, great maternity/paternity leave policy with ramp up for new moms.
relax dress atmosphere. you can where your pjs as long as you have on clothes toes shoes. they provide seasonal employees with benefits and does not conclude your position at the end of the holiday season. guarantee overtime.
Excellent benefits package and career choices program to further education
+ fair benefits + monthly production and attendance bonuses + good vision and dental plan + games during peak season + fair PTO and UPT
Great for those who have lots of piercings and tattoos. Does not discriminate in that area at all.
Makes you think in large scale/global Data driven Customer focus
The money was good. $13 an hour Co- workers were fun
Great stability and benefits Career choice
A lot of smart people to work with. Things are moving forward fast. BUildings are clean. Good stock options and competitive compensation. Mangers and teams are good
Good pay, good benefits, close to home, good hours
I loved working with my coworkers,i loved the job i did.I would have stayed.Because of the friends i made and the job I did.
Commanding salary for recent graduate but the high hours in work week are not sustainable.
Good company to work for, no interview required
Amazon.com is a wonderful place to work if you like to be challenged and appreciate a constantly changing environment. There is never a shortage of work and there is ample opportunity for career development as there is always some project going on. The Seattle campus is amazing and the buildings are gorgeous. Being able to walk South Lake Union (SLU) while walking to different buildings is always refreshing and helps pull you away from the work mentality.
+Career Choice (after 1 year) +Stock after 2 years +Cheap Health benefits +VTO
Lots of different teams to choose. Pick carefully as they range in quality.
Big company. Lots of mobility between teams.
Independent Work Encouraged and supported
$10/hr. Have some down time. If you get stuck or don't know what to do, there is opportunity for your question to get answered on team group chat. Training was thorough, although very long and a bit overwhelming
The money was very good. The responsibilities were light. Working with lots of smart people..
Nice place to work at, welcoming and good pay
Innivative company. The fastest growing in history. Very competitive. You will learn to be efficient. You can grow inside. One of the best.
Flexible work schedule Paid every week Available overtime if wanted
Good pay and location also accommodation provided
It's a job to get back into the workforce
Very flexible with the employees and the supervisor is on top of things,
Great pay and benefits
Decent pay, benefits, retirement, hours, early PTO. Managers are sometimes nice depending on who you get.
Exposure to cool stuff and technologies and relatively affordable town to live in. Bright coworkers
Opportunity for extra hours, generally positive work environment, very little stress and a straightforward and simple job.
very focused on customer and getting the job done right. Had a great experience working here
Stock, clear objectives based on core values, work from home, and Kaizens. Team atmosphere. Access to many levels of leadership. Acting like an owner is normal.
Nice place to work at, welcoming and good pay
Well staffed, too much down time. Which means it gets boring very quickly.
the location is good and opportunity is good.
The benefits are great. They give you upt, pto , and vacation time on your first day.
Amazon is an amazing place to work. I was making 13.00 in the door got promoted to manager was making 14.95 and then relocated making 15.25
challenging in a good way for who wants to prove his abilities and advance
Great people to work with. Managers are so down to eart, most of them.
Great opportunities for advancement! You will gain a ton of knowledge in any field.
Bonus. You can rescue driver and take 25 package. Sometimes low package count.
Benefits alone are #1, team atmosphere , good pay. Amazon APPRECIATE'S their employees. Considering I have no college education I feel my pay + benefits are more than fare. I work in Shakopee Mn my manager is Anthony Orr and he is AWESOME. You get what you put in, please don't be influenced by negative reviews. It's simple, just follow directions.
People, technology, learning opportunities, great stock
Great pay, benefits and pto
Great Pay Amazing Benefits Great Co-workers Great Management 10 hour days so you get 3 days off Variable Bonuses based on attendance
Petiole you meet. Also the location was just 5 min to where I live
We got free lunch and could listen to music. That's it, but I have a 20 word minimum for a review
Great pay and amazing benefits
Good benefits for their employment. Medical insurance from day one
Good Pay, Easy Hiring process.
High energy environment, customer focus, diversity. Opportunities to grow professionally. Front line workers escalate issues and barriers to management.
Feeling like you personally are contributing with a large impact to the fastest growing tech company.
Wonderful, intelligent, kind coworkers, freedom from inefficient bureaucracy, decent benefits, great company culture for getting things done, learning, and making an impact.
Great company to work for as far company initiatives go and the tech they're building
friendly place to work at
Good environment, nice products and simple rules
Good pay. Physical job - lose weight and feel more fit. Great benefits. New facility, everything was new.
great benefit package, you are surrounded by top notch talents . And they have a nice location.
Amazon has one of the best benefits package I've seen!!
Hard work does not go unnoticed. Great benefits. Get stock in the company. Guaranteed 40 hours a week. Fun managers. 3 days off. Many ways to move up
Good manager to work with
Pay, growth potential, development
Amazon was a great company to work for in the beginning. Company began to change as they expanded. Work was very satisfying.
Pay, 3 day weekend, plenty of overtime if wanted, challenging work
Pay, 3 day weekend, plenty of overtime if wanted, challenging work
-Very fast paced company to work for
Fast pace, Efficient, Overtime, Customer Obsessed,
I haven't even started working here yet but most people are friendly and the job doesn't seem all that bad
-Smart coworkers -Good Pay -Good Career opportunities (provided you can endure the culture)
- Lots of freedom. - Opportunities to do high impact stuff. - Nice workplace.
The company is good to work for and pay is fair for the job.
Leadership, promotions, salary is really good, beautiful NY office and chances to visit the amazing Seattle Office! Love this place!
Ownership, diversity in work, and interesting projects
Extreme upside in career and earnings potential.
Good benefits and the pay is good
Compensation excellent and benefits are great, sign on bonuses and most people in company are great.
Smart people, lots of opportunity for growth, great benefits
Great pay and Benefits!! Fun atmosphere!!
folks are very small, self-driven, you can learn a lot of stuff, will be great place to start with. after a while, your experience will be a good knocking brick to other companies, and you will find yourself easily blend in.
Flexible work schedule, helpful associates and decent starting pay
Good exposure to the business world. Fast-paced development action. Good salary and equity.
Formal systems put in place to help employees work better and be safe, safeguards against direct management abuse, competitive wages, good work environment, safety staff onsite, focus on working with healthy posture/form. There are some genuinely good managers who care about the workers and try and find ways to motivate/mentor people.
-Surrounded by intelligent people -Opportunity to grow into new positions
Fast-paced Competitive You get out what you put in
Great pay and benefits, good people to work with and very competitive.
- Domain and technology diversity - Autonomous internal organizations lead to experiences of working at different companies - Accessible company-wide educational resources for self-learning - Dog-friendly workplace
Never shortage of hours Above minimum wage pay Easy work Schedule consist of 4 days of work and 3 days off Friendly people No prior experience is needed
Needed a part time job quick. This fit the bill. Don't really expect much else?
Free eye and dental health care
Exciting company with start up atmosphere and challenging work. Mobility with in company allows for personal growth
Decent Pay compared to some other jobs that dont require a degree
good and pay rate and good benefits
Good pay, managable work and good tips ($7 per delivery average.)
The atmosphere is competitive and pushes you to be your very best and grow as a professional. You will never be bored.
I have a feeling of accomplishment when I am done working and the end of the day. The pay coming right out of college was far more than other companies I had offers from.
comfortable dress code, easy work, just very repetitive. They try to make it fun.
Flexible schedule, employee discount, peer support
Work environment is amazing, peope are friendly and different, its an amazing job working at Amazon.
Choose your own hours from a list of available shifts, they have good training and ample time to absorb it. They supply a headset and security tokens free of charge.
Culture, fast pace, career growth
1. Fast growing company where you learn new skills and knowledge everyday, 2. Your colleagues are smart and dedicated, 3. Amazon encourages people to rotate within the company so if you don't like your role/team, it is fairly easily to network internally and transfer to other teams.
Working with intelligent people is a plus
life is very easy here
Will hire anyone that walk in the door who can pass a drug test and background check.
At Amazon, no problem is pushed aside as too hard to solve. In fact, they go after the really hard and insolvable problems and then throw talent, time and resources towards solving them. In my time there, pretty much every team I worked with was solving a "holy grail" problem in their field and actually making progress towards it. There is no dearth of interesting projects, teams or ideas to work on.
-work is steady and constant -team leads are very helpful -lots of ways to speak to fellow employees and managers -employees and co-workers were all very nice to work with
-People are nice -clear and concise instructions -Break room facilities were great
Insurance was great, and upt was great
Great environment, fun hard working people, lots of room to grow
Good place to work, Fun culture, freedom to do new things.
The management really cared about your safety
Awesome pay Booty I am good at what I do
Team, Product and Project Ownership - This by far is one of the best things about Amazon leadership. We truly own our teams and systems as if we were the CEO of our own company that simply had client agreements with Amazon.  Real Impacting Problems to Solve - We create solutions that solve real problems for millions of customers worldwide. It is awesome to see the direct impact I can make to millions of people every day. Never boring - always rewarding.  Highly Competitive Salary and Benefits - Work hard and you are recognized with fast promotions and a great pay structure. Benefits are definitely better than most.
Great leaning exposure , really smart team to work with . The salary and perks for intern are high .
Amazing support from all levels of the company. Everyone is very driven to work. There is a culture of enabling self-development at the company, which I really liked. I felt that my colleagues and I were given credit for the work that we did, and our hard work was recognized.
Flexible hours, decent management team
Great benefits, great bosses, in-house medical. SO MUCH enthusiasm by bosses on job!
The pay is really the only good thing.
No Dress Code for management.
You solve real word problems as an intern.
The people are nice and it's clear insurance is good
Flexibility, Team bonding, lead individual projects
1. Amazing learning pace from day 1. You literally hit the ground running. 2. Great colleagues 3. Very few companies of Amazon's stature
Good money, Lose weight, Learn about Warehouse Industry,Small Incentives
The lead is very nice
Good benefits great break rooms
Amazon has good benefits, and they have great leadership principles. It is a company that you can make a career out of, they have every aspect of business.
My team was great. My manager was very nice to work with and there was no on-call.
The company offers really good benefits, as well as an opportunity to go back to school.
Flexible hours once you get blue badge
Was treated very well with great training exceptional Compensation Plan. Was asked to assist in training and hiring
Can't beat this company, one of the best in the world.
You will stay busy. The pay is good and the experience is diverse.
If you stick around for 3+ years and wait for your stock to vest, the stock can easily be equivalent to a year of your base pay, if not more Resume builder - you will become a smarter worker beings surrounded by so many intelligent people
-World leader of E-commerce -Associate Discount
Competitive, fast-paced, and never boring.
Time goes by really fast... The ambassadors are really nice and helpful... overtime is available if you need it.. very easy job
Interesting aggressive culture, sense that you're doing the right thing for the customer  Leadership Principles
Fast pace, lots of growth potential, very smart people to work with, great reputation, career-builder
Great salary, lots of activities
good benefits, when not on overtime the schedule is nice, and pay is not unreasonable.
Quick hire, good benifits
great customer service training and cool culture
Great colleagues, strong culture, cutting edge company
Exciting and rewarding work environment. Very demanding and as a result when you accomplish goals and projects it feels great
Opportunities, pay isn't bad for the work you do.
Known for there quality of service
- Huge growth (promotions every other year at most) - Great Salary - Best health insurance benefits in the industry - Promote based on merit and self drive
The pay there was great and I might expectional people, some of my best friends were made there can't complain about that.
You can move up fast if you work hard for the right people
Benefits, Pay Rate, Adequate Public Transportation, Lots of Parking, Perks
They hire easily. Anyone with high school diploma or GED will get hired. If you like overtime, you will get lots of mandatory overtime!
highly diversified and value team work
Flexible hours. Easy. If you have good co-workers on your shift it is actually pretty enjoyable.
relaxed environment with lots of good vibes
Great team of leaders who care about their employees.
Great pay for unskilled labor. Great benefits if needed, overtime and bonuses are relatively plentiful Work 4 10 hour days, 3 days off, normally.
Experience, training, networking, travel, diversity,
great place if you're self motivated and flexible. You can experience all the different departments and gain valuable experience. If you're young and can move around the country, even better. That alone will give you much more opportunity to climb the ladder
They are all about being a team, family, and friends. They thrive on teamwork!
No commute, friendly supervisors during onboarding process, employee discounts, opportunities to customize your employee profile which shows your personality , bragging rights
Pay, hours, management, and benefits
easy job, 3 days off
Flexibility, job security, positive environment
There are tons of opportunities to advance throughout the company
good pay and benefits. lots of time off, though primarily unpaid
You get to meet a lot of interesting people. The schedule allows you a lot more flexibility than most other jobs.
Good benefit, housing and working environment.
Locates in downtown of Seattle. Good working environment. Allow to bring dogs to offices.
Flexible hours. weekly pay, lost weight walking all over the place.
Great Health Insurance, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Vacation, 401K Match , Stock
I save on gas money Childcare Love working from home
- Brilliant people to work with* - Great managers* - Tons of opportunity* - Competitive
Great pay and fast paced
paid weekly and easy hiring process
Schedule, Benefits, Team atmosphere, Work autonomously
Great Pay, A Lot of Hours, Same Schedule
Fun fast paced place to work
quick fast interview process, weekly paycheck, great benefits, great workout and team atmosphere. Great benefits package and compensation plan!
-Full freedom of technology -Good salary
Smart co-workers. Having Amazon on your resume can enhance your career opportunities.
Great co-workers, excellent managers, everyday I walk into amazon I walk in with a smile knowing I will be able to make someone's day my fulfilling their amazon order.
Great pay and benefits day one
More benefits related to the career in terms of study,jobs and for the security of life.
Love the environment and everyone is so friendly. It's a new building so everything is still in the process of becoming. You only work 3 days with 4 days off with 4 hour shifts. Pay is okay $10 for part-time
Good pay, benefits, and room for advancement
Smart people, good pay structure, ownership of P&L
They offer really good benefits including health care you can sign up for day 1(but you have only 30 days to sign up). They also offer 401k that you can sign up for anytime. They offer you paid holidays, vacation,paid personal time, and unpaid personal time. Starting day one you get 10 hours of paid personal time and 40 hours of unpaid personal time. You continue to accrue paid and unpaid time each payday. If you need to take a day off and you don't have paid personal time or vacation time, then you automatically start using unpaid personal time. If you run out of unpaid personal time and miss work you basically get fired.
Challenging place to work with lots of different opportunities
The pro is in customer returns there is no heavy lifting what so ever and the company is very firm on the safety proceedures . The insurance is amazing also .
My team gives me a lot of opportunities in all aspects, from leadership to technical skills. You get go from design to implementation details.
It's a good place to work with many friendly co-workers, and great benefits.
Work from home, pick your schedule
You get a lot of hands on Opportunity as an operations intern. There are very few companies that give you the same management experience while you are still an undergrad.
Okay pay, nice benefits... Good workout
Dog-friendly, independent work, high level of personal responsibility
AMAZING benefits, AMAZING company! Really enjoy working there and can get a great workout too!
The pay is fair You have a Business Analyst on the team who helps with most technical problems Once task has been mastered you can easily pilot through on your bad/sick days You only have to work 4 days a week
excellent workplace, and people are very helpful with self appreciation.
Fast pace, lots of growth, brilliant coworkers
Lots of teams to choose from - teams operate however they want.
really fun fast pace great benefits
Friendly, multi-cultural environment -- really nice people to work with.
Fun working with a lot of people Good benefits for part-time employees
Meet a lot of good people. As long as you are productive, there won't be anyone checking up on you. If you don't like sitting at a desk all day, this is perfect for you. 4 day schedule is nice, sometimes 5 if overtime is required.
Learn a lot and are given a lot of responsibility in any role. There is always something happening on campus to attend, conferences, talks, guest artists, tutorials. The compensation is certainly competitive. Now that I have it on my resume, I feel like a more competitive candidate because the company has the reputation of hiring hard workers. If I can survive here, I can survive anywhere.
Its great place to work, everyone from any cadre works together to achieve the shifts goal.
It's an awesome company business wise and you have the ability to work your way up in the company. You also get to meet a ton of new and exciting people.
easy work and good pay for hours
great place to work, great for a persons first job and no experience
Great work from home job
Benefits are good. 40 hour work week is virtually guaranteed.
Amazon had a nice staff of managers who were always there to help, very professional. Overall the experience was positive, the environment was very friendly and easy to work in.
Actually touching products that people use Leadership principles can make bad people a little better Best customer-first company I've ever seen
It's a job. Good benefits but that's it.
Nice coworkers. Easy to get a job here. You get a lot of exercise. 4 day 10 hour workweek.
Great Benefits. somewhat easy job. monthly bonus. workers are relatively cool with others. four days a week
Great Place to work. Amazing people.
It was great being a part of the facilities department. Being a part of the support team and helping the department's with whatever issues would arise and making the building a little better everyday was the greatest
They really care about you, they have awesome benefits. The technology there is cutting edge so it is cool to be working with new technology.
-Pay was somewhat sufficient, increases wont come for a while -Free coffee -There's a sense of teamwork
Great health benefits come with the job.
It's like a family, it's new and all facilities still work perfectly
Monthly Bonuses, Prizes, Breakrooms have a store for food, Management is super friendly
They promote from within and you don't need to use the chain of command to make suggestions......
Easy to gain leadership skills to take with you. Incredible benefits. Support you in your career decisions.
it pays when you show up
Great opportunity to learn what it is like to work at a fast-paced, hard-working company
Good, nice, awesome, perfect place to work, ethics
Great career opportunity, as the company is opening up new locations very aggressively across the United States
Pay, benefits, paid personal time
Good company benefits provided yearly
Good opportunity for growth. Good benefits.
Great coworkers, tons of opportunity, and great pay. There is a lot to love!
They will hire you.if everything is good .very easy going laid back atmosphere u can where anything u want.as long as not revealing
Young crowd, motivating associates, room for advancement if you possess dicipline and motivation.
Fun Making History The company will help develop you You control your professional development and upward mobility Comprehensive benefit package Always something to do and learn  I feel like I just got lucky and landed here, but I put in some work too! I remember my IT manager told me that this isn't a school and I am not going to hold your hand. He didn't have to hold my hand, but went to bat for me and let me into Amazon. I correspond with techs in other states to resolve tickets. Techs I met that were flown across the country to help launch BFI4. BFI4 is a Gen 9 Fulfillment Center and currently the Flagship FC in the world near corporate headquarters. It is setting all kinds of new records and making history. Did I mention, we are having fun.
Excellent Brand name and internet presence
Don't know, really. I don't see any pros.
- Compensation is top notch - Coworkers are top notch - Working hard and making history - If you're just looking for a high paying job and want to say you work for Amazon...do yourself and your future team a favor and don't apply. Research the company's culture. Read Jeff Bezos' Letter to Shareholders, Read Brad Stone's book. And read all the reviews here on Glassdoor. Then you'll understand the Amazon culture a little bit. I promise it's nothing like you've ever experienced before. Some will love it and others will hate it.
Good pay for the type of work, hard work but it's really not complicated. Lots of great benefits. This includes a generous paid time off, a separate allowance for unpaid time off, another separate allowance for paid vacation time, 401k, company stocks (RSUs that vested either a year or two after you started working. I can't remember.), and possibilities for bonus at the end of each month. Everyone is super friendly and eager to help you. They really do become like a family. Can get voluntary time off that does not affect your time off allowance if the facility does not have enough work. Everyone has a chance to get promoted after working there for a certain period of time. There are plenty of opportunities to get promotions too --- even the promotions at other facilities aren't off limits. There are opportunities to travel for work too, but you'll have to apply for them: as long as you perform well regularly, which isn't hard at all, you will be selected. Your regular AM and PA will do their bests to help you improve to reach your goal but 98% is really on you. They really do care about their team members beyond the numbers.
Easy environment and management system
Great culture, Great people, Lots of new stuff to learn
Lots of people working hard, a-types.
Nice co-workers Only work 4 days a week
High pay (for me), challenges, lots of growth opportunity. The people they hire typically can carry their own weight and push you to be a better employee. You learn a lot for your next job.
Significant ownership Just do it culture Advice to new employees - find the right team and you will love what you do.
Benefits, location, people, good pay.
1. learn a lot 2. nice coworker
Work from home. Not stuck in traffic
good salary plenty of things to learn, most aren't valuable outside of Amazon though.
You can always learn from others
Great work environment, the teams are fantastic and everyone is very relaxed.
Great place to work, you have total freedom to do what you feel is best in your project.
Great place to work, you have total freedom to do what you feel is best in your project.
Easy to take time off, monthly bonus for attendance.
Meaningful work Work life balance
great technology and benefits !!!
Benefits on first day of employment, full time position four on, three off, have to be a real screw off to get fired,
Growing business, interesting problems to solve
To be honest there are no pros to working there far more companies out there have the same benefits and pay
Great if you don't have a life
Nice to live in Seattle
They take their Leadership principles very seriously, and apply them across the entire organization. Amazon works very hard to identify and reward employees who contribute and actively apply these principles.  Hardcore but friendly corporate culture, very straightforward, and easy to engage with those outside your team, make friends, explore opportunities and learn
You get big bonuses when you sign 40k stock vested over 4 years four day work weeks
Dynamic environment, constantly changing, promotes ownership, upward mobility. Four day workweeks outside of peak and OT.
Smart people. Great people to work for. Great infrastructure and relatively nice offices. Great intern program that's lots of fun and very interactive. A lot of trust in their workers.
*Speed walking for long periods of time. Both a pro and con *Badges are worn in the warehouse *Standup sessions are a good way to start the day and get to know your coworkers. *There is sometimes food in the break room for anyone to have. *You can sign up to work as a delivery driver during your shift, if needed. *Pay and a half for working on holidays. *It's great if you are a customer. *5 mine grace period when clocking in *Physically demanding work- both pro and con *It's interesting to see the many different things they have to sell in inventory *Easy picking system *Fast Paced environment *Safe place to work *You have a job
it is a great work environment
none at west columbia warehouse
None. There are none, NO pros what so ever. The only pro is to stay far, far away from this company!!
The pay is well enough.
Only 4 days a week. Great Health, dental, and vision insurance. There are bonuses, especially during the holidays
Helpful management. Can approach managers and other higher level people with ease. Great training provided. all in all a good experience to work with the company
Great employee benefits, employee discount, 401k, dental vision and health benefits. Room to grow within the company and advance
Marketing department, studio location has a friendly, chill environment. Free tampons and pads in the women restroom.
provide great experience of international exposure
Solid work, new challenges each day
Great environment, and people. You really get to learn and grow
I learned so much and was challenged everyday to work smarter!
good pay benefits aand other stuff
Treat people good at first
Room for growth. Apparently brains are not required. If you can suck up and care little about personal integrity, you'll suceed.
Flexable hours, Great Team leaders, Best management around, happy environment, opportunities to move up the corporate ladder if your a dedicated associate. Training provided
Incredibly smart people everywhere, you will learn a lot and tackle challenging problems. Higher than average pay. You will work on problems beyond your pay-grade and experience.
The schedule is more flexible than some jobs, and you don't need any experience or gear to start out. The clothing policy is also really chill, so you can wear whatever you want. The pay is comparable to other jobs in it's class.
Energy, levels of learning, Smart people
Wonderful company with huge goals. Incredibly talented coworkers make this place an amazing place to grow.
Work Culture, Weekly Happy Hours
The internship gave me a great project. My teammates were extremely intelligent and passionate. Overall, the internship was a perfect learning experience and I would definitely return for a full time offer.
Fun atmosphere, great management, excellent hours
Amazon has very goid benefits for employees
flexible schedule that allows me to work remotely.
Pay,lots of overtime and benefits
Innovative and there are a lot of cool projects going on.
I learned a lot. Amazon treats interns as full time employees - so you get hands on experience what the work force is like instead of only working on a project.
Amazon is an ownership company. You are responsible for determining the requirements, building software, testing it, and monitoring and maintenance. If you like having the power to make decisions and build things your way, it's a great company to work for.
Decent money, you can get hired pretty quick if you get hired via staffing company first, if you don't mind working none stop a lot of overtime career opportunities
Meet some interesting people. Come across a plethora of unique items and merchandise.
Good pay, flexible scheduling, great part time for those looking to clear a few monthly bills(i.e. automobile,mortgage, etc.)
Great position. Loved Amazons culture and there products
great pay. great stock shares.
Schedule Schedule Schedule Schedule yeah
- Friendly environment - Talented engineers
Steady work. Opportunity to move around departments. Low stress environment. Good benefits.
Fast paced, made ten hour days go by fast.
Fun team, learn a lot, real-world experience (no fake hand-holding internship).
Consistent schedule. You can count on a big paycheck during peak which is from black Friday through Christmas eve. Health benefits are ok but you do pay for them. 401k and stocks that vest when you hit 2 years. Lots of opportunities to move up. Career choice after 1 year. Voluntary time off when work is low.
Your work will make impact. Internal tools available for software development are awesome. Some pretty smart engineers work here. Customer obsession is real.
Nice salary, cool atmosphere, nice ppl
IND1 can be a wonderful place to work and move up
Great pay and benefits with this company.
Good compensation. And Good chances of advancement.
Amazingly run company with great opportunities
You learn a lot and fast. I feel confident now I can do any software management job anywhere on the planet. You work with the best and brightest, you always push the boundaries of what you can't do, you innovate. Pace is crazy, so it is never boring. Hey, your parents finally recognize the company you work for :)
The innovation, especially at the Fulfillment Centers, is next-level compared to the industry. The pay and stocks reflect the success the company has seen.
Great pay, work with great people. Great benefits. Close to home.
Decent pay. Easy to advance. Work went by fast. Benefits are good. The warehouse is climate controlled. Fun people to work with. Nice lunchroom with lots of goodies in case you forget to bring lunch.
4 day work week, 3 days off
great hours and pay
Always something to do, great place to work if you like to move around allot. Always overtime opportunities.
Fast paced environment. Many opportunities
Friendly Environment to work in
Work from home. Great Pay. Team Leader is awesome. Friends for life. Advancement opportunities. Great benefits. Flexible schedules.
It was great place to work definitely recommended to everyone since there is a lot of job opportunity growth.
Great team, good work life balance
Interesting work 3d and 2d. Great buildings to work in.
Applied for position online and presented to offer letter about 4 days later.
Although it's an e-commerce company on selling things (sometimes cloud resources), the company is tech-driven on most of the points to solve it's problems. Employees are intelligent and helpful. The company is growing steadily and always trying to provide good tools to engineers to deliver better results.
Competitive Attitude to resolve problem and learn new things
4 day week days and hours  Steady work  Plenty of overtime if needed  Really good system for time management, including paid/unpaid leave  Very lucrative benefits  It's a job, so if you need work to pay your bills, Amazon will hire you, it's fair
Plenty of paid time off and sick time, and monthly vcp bonus.
Organized, clean facilities, bonuses, upward mobility...
Benefits, Experience, New Challenges, Working in a fast paced environment. Nice Co-Workers, Some of the managers was cool.
Smart people, interesting technologies, challenging environment.
Work alone, meet a lot of people.. Voluntary time off...
when I got hired they gave me a shift that fitted my schedule, reasonable amount of PTO, positive environment, easy work
Fast delivery and learn a lot
Good team, learn a lot technology in a short time, good manager and mentor. Have a lot of fun with the team. Also Seattle is a good place to live and work.
Amazon offers me a very interesting project. The mentor , the manager and the team are very good.
Amazon is an excellent organization to sharpen your program, project or operational skills.  Amazon is a great place if you are a self starter that needs no guidance and who loves the opportunity to take an idea and build it into the next online service.
Air condition facility, nice break rooms
Good Salary Broad range of technologies Challenging problems Good health benefits Flexible teams that can(for the most part) choose tools and processes that are suitable for them and their environment. It is very easy move to another team if you are unhappy or unchallenged.  I started at Amazon to broaden my technical skills, increase my salary and work on exciting technology and challenging projects. So far(~1 year in), I made the right choice. I'm surrounded by smart people with amazing insights into a large array of tools, technologies and difficult problems around scale, customer service, and security.
easy process and friendly people
Good pay Flexibility and the staff is really good
Amazon is a "can do" place. People who are ready to work hard, be courageous, banish self-doubt, and fight can do well. Even for those who find it hard to be aggressive, Amazon will surely benefit you and help you learn new skills. Opportunity is there for the taking, but no one will coddle or encourage you - ever. It's a tough place, but it pays well and gives you lots of opportunity.
Not many pros. The stock price is really high which makes my salary pretty high but my co-workers are not getting close to what I am currently at.
I liked the 4 on 3 off schedule, vto and benefits
Good company party, great SLU location
RSU plan is attractive, paid time off is good too. Opportunity to change positions every once in a while.
Good compensation pay, 401k etc,.
-Extremely intelligent, hardworking, and collaborative environment. -I genuinely enjoy the people I work with. There are few "bad apples" and petty drama is almost non-existent -Being part of the leading cloud platform in the industry. -Career growth/opportunities
This is a great company to work for. The benefits are amazing. The pay and discounts. I really feel apart of a team when going into work.
Pay, good friends and benefits.
Pay, good friends and benefits.
Fast-paced, great benefits! Not boring!! You must take breaks! Huge break room. They do not micro-manage. Very intense but not difficult.
health benefits, stock options, communication
it might be good to have the amazon experience on your resume.
Great people, smart and talented, a lot of learnings,
I was assigned to a new team. Everybody was nice. Although my mentor was not in my team, he was always available and willing to help. You can learn a lot.
Smart People to work with Good company
Fast pace, smart people, dynamic environment
-> Competitive environment -> You can switch teams easily and pretty much work on anything you want. There is no dearth of opportunities to grow
Good place to wrk long hours
in the heart of seattle
None. I would say stocks but they don't vest for the first two years. At least starbucks started you off with RSU's and stock that were available to sell immediately.
Amazing unrelenting customer service focus. Great team focused on delivering results. Amazon understands the customer and goes to great lengths to satisfy the customer.
Love Amazon. Managers are awesome and benefits and bonuses are great.
Decent pay and benefits. Cool co-workers
Smart people, fantastic builder tools, fantastic hardware, dogs at work, SLU is great. Great flexibility in terms of hours, working from home, personal time, etc.
There is not a requirement for a landline phone Work from home Pay is decent for a work from home position
Lots of overtime , diverse, benefits, PTO
I was a part of the wrap down crew and the people that you meet are awesome. It's easy to fit the 4 hour shifts into a busy schedule. I loved every minute of working there.
Rapidly growing so less chance of layoffs and more opportunity to change role. Set your work life balance expectations during the interview process and they seem to be very receptive.
Work with smart people Work you do feels like it matters Pick your hours Can take timeoff to focus on school work Office is laid back
Benefits are great, especially for an entry level position.  Pay is above average for the kind of job it is.
The pay is decent for the task you perform. The job it self isn't difficult. There is always opportunity to learn more processes.
Great benefits, lots of OT, awesome co-workers
Good pay Employees are chill Can't think of anything else that's a pro so I'll repeat myself with saying that the pay is good
Work at Amazon flows at lightning speed! I am constantly surrounded by super smart people. You are constantly challenged to innovate and come up with more efficient processes.
All of the benefits are great
Flexible schedule, work from home, easy job
This is the place to be.
Absolutely nothing Not organized Hiring process is the bottom worst A monkey could do these jobs Contact is 0
Good pay Good place to improve on coding practices and conventions
- Great co-workers (in NYC at least, SEA a little less so due to that city's culture and bro-tastic nature.) - Flexible work schedule - as long as you get it done, it doesn't have to be done from the office. - Feeling a part of a bigger machine that is truly taking over the world.
Working for Amazon will expose your weaknesses. You can choose to work on them and get better, or you will not keep up, and that will also be exposed. Operations at Amazon is a large-scale experiment in natural selection. If you are just looking for a place to cruise and put in 20 years then retire, save yourself some time and do not apply here. You do not belong. It is a knife fight every day. If you are looking for a place to prove to yourself how good you really are, then bring it. Maybe they will let you in. Just know, there will be new people coming in behind you every three months who have a better resume, who are smarter than you, who have just as much desire to succeed as you do. Be ready to prove yourself over and over and over and over as the leadership above, below, and around you changes. Oh yeah, when your stocks start to vest, if you can make it that long, it's pretty sweet.
Lot to learn. You get to work with really smart people in the industry. You can always switch teams for better opportunities
Low stress, great compensation, and a great location.
work from home, $10 an hour (no raises), some employees are cool
smart people to work with
Great learning opportunities and fast growth
First of all I want to say that not all amazon positions are the same it depends what are you are assigned to, also an amazon fulfillment center is a warehouse ruled by Kaizen & six sigma ideologies for those who know what I am talking about it will be no surprise to find that productivity and zero tolerance for defects is an everyday thing. Management has productivity goals to meet efficiently and at the lowest cost so be ready to work as a machine, think of yourself as a piece of machinery they could not yet create to perform the same task over and over for 9 or more hours on your feet with a productivity goal to meet per hour.  - You'll never be sent home against your will for lack of work - You work 4 days a week 10 hours each day which could be an advantage for some - Unpaid and paid time from day 1 - Full benefits from day 1 - Climate controlled warehouse (you'll see it is not AC though). - Overtime pays time and a half - Tasks assigned are simple to understand - 30 minute lunch break
jobs aren't hard, production is easy to make
The money is good and paid weekly.
They offer a competitive wage. They also offer school accomodation which is great.
Flexible Schedule Friendly Staff They're not too strict, so far they're only strict about 15 minute breaks
Smart people, Great compensation, Fast pace, Brand recongnition
You can serve customers here, which is absolute a very delightful thing.
exposure to many aspects risk & fraud investigations, growth, salary & benifits
1. Great place to learn. 2. Great colleagues.
3 days off a week, meet different people and make new friends, great benefits and vacation time, good pay
Hard work and fair pay. Great exercise in a fun and competitive environment. Lots of opportunities to learn new job skills and areas if you apply yourself.
Not many pros I can mention.
Not many pros I can mention.
Fast-paced, forward leaning company that genuinely embraces change and process excellence.
Great place to work.
tasks are mundane, only 4 hours a day, absentee policy
Instant benefits and quick on boarding process. Lots of support for assistance if needed. Great shifts and company perks.
You get an extra $1/hour if you work night shift
Many opportunities to innovate Exposure to diverse set of business use cases
Decent pay,Great insurance, and Awsome time off, good stepping stone in life.
Paid time off, A/C if you get lucky with a spot right in front of a vent, Voluntary overtime.
Very fast paced work environment No one will hold your hand, you need to go out and learn processes on your own
Fast Pace and Challenging
Good job for those who are looking for part time work with a decent pay.
Innovative, Large responsibility and opportunities to grow from onset.
Not too much of a time commitment
Health insurance Transit reimbursement Fun work environment
Fast paced environment that allows you to succeed. You get what you put in and the sky is the limit.
Fast paced challenging work environment. Working with talented professionals. Flat organization with opportunity for growth and stretch learning!
Free work out program that is bound to help you lose inches and improve overall health by drinking loads of fresh water and no static work assignments.
Smart People - Fast paced and interesting
Very good company I like it has lots of nice people and nice timeline for jobs
Benefits , nice employees, Weekly pay Free ice and coffee .....
learn a lot of new skills
Employees at all levels are encouraged to voice their opinions and share their ideas. Work hard, play hard mentality. Respectable leadership for the most part. Potential for growth and advancement if you're determined. Fair compensation.
I love amazon the employees & team leads are the best . you get some rude customers but that's everywhere .. Amazon business is the way to go.
It is nice place to work
There are no pros working for Amazon.
There are no pros working at Amazon. It is the worse company I have ever worked for in my life. Maybe that is why they go through so many employees. They are constantly hiring. Maybe if they treated there employees with dignity and respect, some would stick around. There is NO future here for advancement. Once you reach the top of a pay scale , you will never ever get a pay raise. Just a terrible place to work at.
I feel grateful for my current job, because Amazon sets a low bar in terms of job satisfaction. I work harder than my colleagues because I am used to Amazon's pace.
Pay is okay and benefits are awesome.
They can pay for up to 90% of your college tuition after working their for 1 year They won't let you work more then 60 hours a week, or 6 days a week. Stretches are a REQUIREMENT
You can move up with little to no higher education.
Opportunity for Growth. There's so much going on that you can definitely find something that will interest you. Because of the growth it opens opportunity for advancement.
good pay, you meet a lot of different people
Fast pace, makes the night go fast
Decent pay, plenty of hours, good benefits
Meeting new people from all different walks of life
Benefits are pretty good. Does incentives for production. Company discount. Can earn bonuses
The pay is good. The co workers even better. You meet lots of great people.
Exposure to a lot of different technologies in a short time allows you to learn quickly and gain experience quickly.
None!! Worst company I've ever worked for. Very poor leadership and turn over rate is unbelievable and that's seems to be how they like it. Worst HR department I've ever worked with, hands down very very bad experience!
Good benefits and stocks for investement weather you decide to stay or leave the company at any given time. Good 401k
great pay decent benefits but that was only while it lasted. but it didn't last long at all..
Lots of hours and hours
It was a good work environment
Lots of opportunities: Consumer market search vision Speech and NLP
Busy, days go by very fast. Some upper leadership pushed you to advance.
New e-commerce operations in Mexico, with lots of ground to cover in the near future
money, benefits, meet ppl, competitive, ok
Very professional colleagues, the level of expertise on our team was unrivaled in my other companies. Everyone abides by the Leadership Principles, enabling quick course corrections when needed.
Team members, benefits and location.
Benefits are great! (start day 1) Lots of time off (Unpaid time, vacation, personal and sometimes voluntary time off) You get to meet a variety of people, backgrounds, ages, etc.. Pay is structured instead of based on performance.
The people working with you are very nice and helpful. The workload is easy to do and although the pay is only $12.25 and you work 20-25 hours a week, the is a great job for college students who are only looking for part time jobs in the summer.
Great group of people to work with, you have the power to make decisions to help your customers, there are resources available to search for solutions to customer problems.
Benefits and pay. Bonuses were ok as well. Good mix of people from all types of backgrounds. Plenty of overtime available especially during the holidays.
The pay was decent and they supplied you with everything you needed short of the computer. I didn't receive any benefits because I was seasonal. You get trained on everything you need to know.
good fun nice nice fun nice nice fair fun awesome fun
long hours made it easy because we only worked 4 days out of the week and still got a ful weeks check ☺
Working from home, flex bid schedule.
It's great to have the 3 days off in a row...many OT possibilities.
passionate coworkers, interesting features to develop
Hard work but you'll lose weight
Coworkers are smart and fun to work with. Projects are challenging, but fun to work through and solve. Time is rarely wasted during meetings with everyone on point.
Benefits start from day one, PTO, Holdiay Pay, and you are guaranteed 80 hours...
During holiday time, there is so much money to be made!! You will do so much walking that you will stay in great health.
Great culture, great company to work for.
Insurance, stock options, very good incentives, motivation
Industry leader Top pay Innovative Tons of Opportunity and growth
pay not bad for a low wage job.
Amazon is one of the largest employers in the USA.
My fellow co-workers that onboard with me were some of the brightest, sharpest and genuine people I've ever had the opportunity to work with.
The pay was decent and they supplied you with everything you needed short of the computer. I didn't receive any benefits because I was seasonal. You get trained on everything you need to know.
Great pay, awesome benefits, upper management cares and listen. Very laid back company.
Good pay and relocation assistance for interns! Fast paced environment, The entire management team, even beyond my own manager, was very supportive and gave great guidance and advice on how to be a successful Area Manager. Skills learned include multitasking, (quick) analysis and prioritization, and effectively managing/leading a team.
Great company to work for.
Benefits start from day one, PTO, Holdiay Pay, and you are guaranteed 80 hours...
Great benefits great people I work third shift I love the people that I work with The Hours are convenient for me
- very active - Hard working co workers
Good salary. chances of moving up.
delivering packages and being in the car all day, also waking up early in the morning to get a start in your day!
Good development life-cycle consisting of requirements collection, design, dev, testing, release to Prod.
good benefits great people always learning something new
Structure, Organized, believes strongly in core values and leadership principles.
Great benefits!!! Decent job for anyone that's looking to get paid above minimum wage...
stock options are very attractive now
Startup environment Lot of challenges to seek Stock prices always increasing
Great benefits, paid time off! 4 day work week but you work ten hours.
competitive salary, management, exciting work
You get to learn a lot. Your code goes into production very soon and often and you feel you are accomplishing something. Lot of smart people around you.
Amazing people, opportunities, and benefits. You have to be willing to work but if you are you will ne well rewarded, both financially and mentally.
Very challenging Very fast paced Very interesting
You have the ability to push hard and try new things. If you are a "lifestyle worker" as in, you like to self-identify with what your job is, this is a great place to do it.
Great benefits, relatively simple tasks
Great leadership and very entrepreneurial
The only thing good about this company is that it hires literally everyone so if you are in bad need of a job just apply and you got a job.
You will be challenged to perform beyond your stretch goals
1. Good place to start your career. 2. Senior SDE will teach you a lot. 3. You can go whatever team you like.
Good to grow and much to do and learn. Large company, with a lot of potential to grow and immense resources.
Great experience for a college student
Its a new innovative company that is constantly growing, so always something new. It a trendy work environment with all the typical tech bells and whistles.
The pay is good and the work environment is fast paced
Great leadership and very entrepreneurial
Never the same "grind", every day brings new challenges and opportunities to provide solutions. The work itself is incredibly enjoyable if you are into operations and problem solving. The pay is good especially for the work required. The schedule is unbeatable, half the year off if you don't want to work overtime.
Decent pay for unskilled labor. Good benefits.
Working from home is probably the only real benefit of this position. On any other day I would have passed this job along.
3 Days off was amazing! 40 hour work week, 10 hours day were kinda hard but fun. with paid overtime, and holidays. Paid vacation if you saved up enough hours. Unpaid time off was good for emergency's  The benefits are amazing too! I loved all the people I worked with, we basically became a family in a way. If you work hard the management will notice and moving up is possible for hard working employees. I had great managers, I was so thankful!
Great place to work. Work at your own station at a reasonable pace.
Great benefits, rewards hard work, fast paced environment that is always changing
Easy work, they hire anyone who can pass a drug test
Some of the management was easily to work with. Some managers take care of there employees
A lot to learn, team building
Pay, Benefits, Informal Attire, Water Stations
It's a great environment there
3 day weekend and 10 hour shifts
Good benefits, the management & coworkers are very helpful. Very diverse, you get to know people with different backgrounds. Good place to work.
Great people to work with, nice environment.
Benefits, incentives, Hiring process, community service, workplace atmosphere
Great benefits and opportunities for growth
3 days off a week
High salary, you can learn a lot.
Focus on customers rather than on stockholders is a huge plus. Instead of being profit driven, which can lead to cost cutting and lower quality products, Amazon focuses on delivering products that provide the best customer experience.  My experience has been five stars, because I am in a job position best suited to my abilities, I am on a really great team with highly capable individuals, and my direct manager provides excellent feedback and advice.
Great exercise They hire handicapped folks I have been treated well by Amazon Growing by leaps and bounds, lots of work to do
Freedom to make changes and take ownership, expectation for interns to make process improvements
VTO, they actually help you if you're struggling, give you advance on how to work faster/efficiently
The working environment is awesome!
Fast pace, exciting, customer focused environment. You are part of the number one e-commerce company in the world. You also get to learn an enormous amount about lean and continuous improvement. Great opportunity to grow.
busy days, i need to write 20 words minimum in this box, not much to say, benfits day 1
Loved my team and managers. HQ was sweet. Innovative and some of the smartest people you'll work with. You get to be apart of growing something cool.
Autonomy, experience really depends on the team
Perfect work place friendly employees nice management
Great benefits, great money, great company
Consistent pay, consistent job activities, schedule and expectations
Working with some good people, plenty of overtime during peak season, casual dress.
You get pay $13.00 an hour as an full time employee. Once you start your first day at work they offer benefits. Some supervisors are nice to as an boss. Also they give you raise every year. There 30 minutes lunch and two 15 minutes breaks.
Working here will defiantly make you a stronger person then you were before you started at Amazon . The overtime during peak is hard work but the time and a half pays out well with 60hr weeks. If you can stick it out and not give up here it will make any other job a peice of cake!
Great benefits Leave when you want to Decent Pay
Fast paced , dynamic, challenging
amazing insurance opportunity to learn management required to listen to your input
Job is pretty simple, lots of room for advancement, 4 days on 3 days off
Company stock has had very strong and consistent growth. A large portion of your income will come from stocks, but this is a good thing given the growth.
Work from home Unpaid time off Set schedules No commute Great benefits for regular employees Wonderful life/work balance and opportunities for regular employees Opportunities to move up
People are generally like to help.  People are smart.
1. Seattle is a nice city 2. Project has big imapct
lots of opportunities too grow
Fun job working from home. Flex scheduling helps get hours that work for you.
It's pays well and you can lose a lot of weight working there. They also have a lot of contests and prizes during peak season.
Real ability to impact the business. If you have an idea, you can act on it.  Management does a good job of presenting opportunities and reacts to feedback.
Good selection of shifts available including hourly premium for night shift work. Good deals. Would recommend for people looking for extra income.
Dynamic, intelligent people, exciting projects, endless growth opportunities
Free environment and Best place to learn
Great working environment and pay!
This was a wonderful company to work for. No compromises, and was treated like family.
Amazing work, incredible innovation, super smart people.
Easy work means easy money. I love it here
Lots of opportunities for advancement, 3 days off per week, very flexible with vacation and time off
The team I'm currently in is awesome (I work in something related to the Amazon Echo). My manager is great at providing guidance without micromanaging. And everyone all the way up to the SVP is friendly and collaborative. We work on cool new things and have a lot of opportunity for growth. The work is challenging, but not overwhelming to the point of destroying work/life balance. Overall my experience working at Echo/Alexa is awesome.
good people and a good place to work
Starting pay is above minimum wage. Good medical benefits!!
Coworkers are awesome 3 days off You get recognized when doing great job
Good company, tons of things to learn, some great people, clearly the company is kicking butt. Recommend for anyone trying to learn new skills.
High learning Curve, they expect a lot out of you, strong projects, offer tools for you to learn material and about the company
I like that you start with benefits day 1.
1. You get good pay and great bonuses during peak. 2. Good benefits including discounts to places. They do offer medical, dental, vision, and life insuance 3. Can move up in company quickly if you want 4. they give you stock, not as much as they use to but still do. 5. they have nice incentives and off things like holiday meals.
Friendly environment. Management does seem ro want ro help when needed.
The money and the insurance is fair.
Great benefits including 401k match, health insurance, employee discount, monthly bonus, and decent vacation accrual.
Low income tax in Seattle.
Good pay for the work you do
If you have no other options, it's a steady job if you are willing to work like a dog You will lose weight with all the miles you walk/run in the wharehouse everyday.
The people I worked with were great! It took a while to get used to working nights. All in all a good experience.
Money is good I guess
Money is good I guess
Always puts the customer first
Remote, Opportunities for both VTO and Overtime, easily chat with coworkers, managers, Leads (unless it was heavy volume)
its an interesting job to do
Short shifts, pretty much to the point. There are a lot of things people can do but most sort/scan. Awesome HR department. Good management. Fun.
- Good engineers - Downtown - Lots of internal tools to use
10% Amazon discount Pool tables and Xbox to play on breaks Track to walk during breaks Free merchandise during holiday season
Stock bonus College tuition assistance Advancement opportunity Decent pay and good benefits Ability to transfer and travel around the country if so desired
Amazon was great during peak season October-January it can be emotionally and physically taxing
Benefits begin on the day you are hired
The benefits start day one! which is a good thing
Flexible hours and that's about it.
All the benefit. Nice stock options. Offices in downtown.
great benefits, nice stock shares
Before my internship, I didn't have a very high expectation. A lot of people said on Internet that Amazon doesn't care much about its employee. But after my intership, I think Amazon is Amazing. Everyone is super helpful here and I learned a lot from them. The work time is flexible and we can even work from home one day a week. Amazon organizes many activities for interns, such as movies or picnics. Also, Seattle is a great city (in summer) with lots of fun places to visit.
Working here seemed like the average warehouse from an entry level worker.
I enjoyed getting the overtime. Several lunchrooms throughout the building as well as restrooms. If you are very quick and accurate you could get some awesome prizes!
It is great if you like a data-driven environment. Stock based compensation is nice in a bull market.
Best minds and pace of innovation.
Full time job with benefits that include dental health and vision for 36 dollars or less per paycheck
Working with some of the smartest people on the planet (excluding myself). Watching the company you work for set the standard that others try to match.
Great co-workers, managers, pay, and benefits. Very physical environment which keeps you busy and moving for your entire shift.
its an interesting job to do
Location and new facility condition
Fast paced, never boring at work
the benefits and the pay are great if you are in an upper level
FOUR DAY work WEEK 10 hour days
Some departments are great and allow each member to grow and contribute. The salary is mid range
Great brand, lots of business units, upward mobility, interesting and challenging work.
I got hired like a contract and the team is wonderful. You need to responsible for yourself towards work , no one has time to train you but you get lot resources to understand your goal and when needed your Manager as well as your co-workers are always ready to respond you. The employees has lot of patience and when you ask a question repeatedly they will answer you without frustration.
Great benefits and diverse workforce
A good place to learn a lot of stuff.
Awesome culture with people that continue to push the envelope.
none was very good and I liked it alot
Great benefit for student who are looking for tuition guidance Flexible schedules for full-time students
good work, nice peoples, ok management
benefits are crazy good best health i've ever had
You get to pick your own hours
Plenty of opportunity. Plenty of work. Great benefits. Lots of friendly competitions. Great chances of winning great prizes. Caring staff members.
Little micromanagement if you do your job. Decent pay for the work. they hire friendly, helpful managers
Good culture, nice people. Seattle is a great place, I like it very much
Good insurance benefits, 4 day work week
Working at Amazon has a lot of good benefits we are able to work at a nice pace and still not kill ourselves.
The benefits are great. The pay is mediocre. The job is easy to learn. Anyone with a pulse can work at Amazon.
the benefits of insurance, and shares are the only pro.
decent pay, mostly good employees, free coffee, and the occasional option to take voluntary time off when its slow. its an easy job for most people most of the time.
There are non they barely give u a break they work you so hard for very little pay some other higher ups that have no experience sitting on there butt doing nothing but make much more. Salve company
I worked for other warehouses before this one & I can say that Amazon builds a center that is employee friendly. I was use to not being allowed to bring in electronics, no scheduled breaks, no lockers to secure your things & no designated break areas for employees. It's the total opposite at Amazon. They offer all these things & I'm forever grateful.  -24/7 HR Support by phone and email -training for areas of interest always announced and posted -you get access to sign up for voluntary time off & voluntary extra time
flexible hours and paid training
Good pay. Hard work daily.
* For some reason, many other companies see working at Amazon as something admirable, so you can leave Amazon for a better company pretty easily.
Amazon gives tons of ownership if you want it. Your title is less important than your knowledge and ability to back it up.
Fast paced work environment, tons of resources to further your skill set, many great BI communities and forums to share knowledge and ask questions, Amazon allows and encourages building new tools and puts emphasis on "Invent and Simplify".
Fairly easy work with good pay and benefits. If you do you job and don't slack off, you'll enjoy it.
I worked for other warehouses before this one & I can say that Amazon builds a center that is employee friendly. I was use to not being allowed to bring in electronics, no scheduled breaks, no lockers to secure your things & no designated break areas for employees. It's the total opposite at Amazon. They offer all these things & I'm forever grateful.  -24/7 HR Support by phone and email -training for areas of interest always announced and posted -you get access to sign up for voluntary time off & voluntary extra time
Company is built on a common purpose with practical leadership principles. Invention and innovation are critical components to success.
Fast paced, Exciting, Fast Upward mobility
Great company to work for
Good salary, interesting project, good infrastructure, good tools. Good for entry level software development engineers. You can learn a lot of thing at the beginning of your career.
Working 4 days a week, 10 hour shifts
The pay is good (well, pretty good for my area at least). I like a lot of the people I worked with. Also, since I was getting paid to lift and carry boxes all day, I didn't have to go to the gym as often.
Monthly bonus based partially on attendance.
Able to work in different departments, good health care, always overtime
Team and people were great, providing a good support network and lots of opportunities to learn.  Projects were designed to help the company and join full-fledged production code, not be thrown away.
Innovation, high engineering bar, customer focus.
Company brand Above the market pay Working with Cool People for the Most Part Many Opportunities for Growth Worldwide Benefits
Compensation is good. You will work with a lot of experienced managers to learn from. I learned a lot after two years with Amazon.
Challenging work but surrounded by smart, driven people. There is always something new to learn each day.
Keep in mind, all of this is the experience of a senior engineer in a particular group. YMMV.  + Everyone wants their product and Amazon in general to be the market leader. The idea of being an also-ran is totally alien. I can't overstate how great it is for morale for everyone to be so driven. + You see the effects of your work. No matter who your customer(s) is/are, the company makes sure you are connected to them. + An endless number of difficult problems. Even pedestrian engineering tasks become significant at Amazon because of the scale. + Demandingly high but realistic expectations. People at Amazon are smart and competent, and they expect all their coworkers and reports to be smart and competent. You'll rarely feel like one or more bad coworkers are dragging down your team, and on occasion when they do sneak in those coworkers don't last long. Similarly, management isn't in the habit of passing down impossible edicts, because they get called out and pushed back about it when they try. + Transparency and sound, if not perfect, corporate strategy. I've never once been told "do this because I said so". There's always reasons that can be traced to actual needs and desired outcomes, and unless it's an experiment there's typically good data to back it up. Amazon doesn't operate on whims, nor does it waste time on petty vanity projects that can't be shown to provide significant benefit. + A weird combination of stability and flexibility. The company is doing well, so if you're getting your job done there's no chance you're going to get laid off. Promotions are by no means easy, but not as difficult as some make them out to be, and it is very easy to move around at the same level. It's hard to feel like you're trapped in a dead-end job. + Competitive compensation and benefits. Amazon may have been lagging in this regard historically, but they've definitely caught up. The compensation structure is a little strange and some people view it as a reason to quit after two years, but I think that's the exact intention. + Great workspace. The buildings don't have much in the way of flashy extras, but, given that they're in the middle of a major city rather than off in the burbs, they don't really need them. The offices are comfortable and more spacious then I've seen at other big tech firms. The location has lots of good stuff to eat and do within a short walk. Bicycle cages and locker rooms make bike commuting a breeze. + Awesome internal communities, both for work-related and non-work topics. + Good work-life balance. I put this last on the list because it's the least certain. If you have a good manager and take managing your own work and time seriously, you should have no trouble excelling without having to put in extra hours. I work fewer hours at Amazon - not much more than 40/week on average - than I did at companies that have better reputations for work/life balance, because employees are more empowered to make and manage workloads.
- Great place to work, at least speaking about my specific team - Excellent benefits - Excellent work/life balance - Paid leave is a great pro
Great oppertunites with company the future is an open book
Unlimited potential growth, they reward those who are driven to excel and ready to put in long hours. Read up on their management principles.
Strong leadership principles and customer obsession
1.Good work environment I like the open space 2. You can work from home anytime 3. Tons of overtime meaning tons of workload
Fast paced and challenging on every single day
rapid growth in the company
I got to learn about Amazon work culture, how engineers start and deploy projects, and Amazon Web Services.
Pay and benefits. 4 day work week. Sick days and holiday pay.
Monthly bonus based partially on attendance.
Learned a great deal in an incredibly short amount of time. Was a good way to develop leadership skills and initiative quickly.
I had a great manager and team, and had a high-impact project. Worked 9:30 to 6, with an hour or so for lunch.
Always get 40 hrs Very easy work
Good pay for a college student looking for a summer job
Very safe working environment due to Safety Always philosophy. Stresses everything from avoiding undue bending or twisting to using a two person lift.
Stock options. You can wear pajamas.
The money is good I guess
-Fast paced work environment -Rewarding work for problem solvers -Good core values for the organization -Support provided to motivate teams of up to 150 individuals
-Growth -Smart, motivated people -Learn about huge international and successful company -Prestige
Smart people Best technologies Good stock Good equipment
Great company, you get stocks. Time off hours can be used anytime. Good vacation hours and a good opportunity to grow.
Great pay and signing bonus. Exposure to new innovative reporting and Lean processes fast paced and well known company to work for.
Very famous company and very cool technical stack.
Day one benefits Flexible shifts Competitive wages
Rapidly growing company. You can get exposed to the best practices in the industry.
The pay is fairly decent. It is very clean for the most part since it is still considered a warehouse. You are guaranteed 40 hours a week and holiday pay. There is also overtime available at certain times so I would recommend to anyone who is trying to get ahead. You get paid time off, vacation time, and unpaid time. if you can handle being on your feet 10 hours a day then it's easy money after that.
The pay was good $11.25 an hour. The floor/area leaders were easy to talk to.
Fast pace. You'll do in one year what other do in four.
Its very laid back, and the environment is so welcoming. Management helps you out if you are having issues. Helping customers out is so rewarding to know you have helped them.
The reserves program is good make ur own hours. Can log in when u want andvwork or plan out a week aheaf
Competitive Salary- Good pay for software developers
Casual attire, great management, lots of flexibility when it comes to accommodations, lots of perks and discounts (over 50 including discount of up to 25% through any of the major cell phone carriers), only 4 working days vs the typical 5, you receive vacation, paid and unpaid time hours throughout the yr at various rates and periods (each are received differently), and guaranteed raises every 6 months. Plenty of opportunities to move up and easy to do so. Company stock is big and becomes sellable on your 2 yr anniversary.
Good benefits get to work from home great training very professional
You get to work from home, plenty of overtime and voluntary time off.
Fantastic benefits, lots and lots of overtime, decent salary.
Co-workers, benefits, paid time off
Benifits were good if you were full time
Not much micro-management - mobility between teams - really damn smart people - freedom to talk back, stand your ground, etc. - new facilities
•Health Benefits •3 day weekends (when no overtime) {mines are thurs-sat.} •Frequent Opportunites for overtime (if that's what you like) •Self-managed personal time •Don't have to call in if late or going to miss work
Independent working, responsible for projects, direct supervision is scarce.
People here are really nice and smart
Great place to intern at. One gets to use a lot of different technologies (Angular JS, Spring MVC, JQuery). A great learning experience i would say. Friendly co-workers and overall a great company to work at.
Customer and Employee Focused Company
Provides many opportunities to engineer projects with tangible results. Software developers rapidly gain experience working in small teams with reasonable access to experts across multiple teams.
- Fast, challenging work - Company is solving problems for the next 3 years atleast
- Good learning experience.
a good job to have when you have to be flexible. Work at home
Benefits, challenging, innovative, good reputation
Got paid regularly, easy to apply
Consistent work with options for voluntary overtime and some mandatory overtime.
You learn a lot for sure at Amazon. My coding skills improved exponentially in around 2 years I was here.
Work hard and Deliver fast
Gain a ton of experience and knowledge that you can bring with you anywhere. Lots of employers like to see Amazon on your resume, so it's definitely a resume booster. They are starting to get really automated, I believe it's only a matter of time before they become the leading example of operational excellence. A lot of very intelligent people work, I've never been surrounded with such intelligent people.
Fast paced and exciting work environment, endless opportunities and extra projects, wide variety of teams and industries, immediate and regular feedback and advice on how to improve from management, and dog friendly (!!).
Benefits along with some discount perks to various places
* Cool technology * Cool projects * Smart people
Great pay and benefits, especially for recent college graduates. You are given a ton of responsibility from day one, which allows you to make a huge impact very early on. Many opportunities to travel across the country to support new buildings. Opportunity for upward growth.
Great place to work and make money, and learn new things
Usual Benefits, Time off both paid and unpaid, and giveaways during peak plus power hours.
Good company to work for.
Good hours, lots of overtime, people that are willing to help, usually those who've been there longer.
Company is growing very fast there is a lot of opportunity to move up.
Benefits are good, I love the direct people I worked with.
team work with other associates, train in other departments
You have a lot of responsibilities so there is so much room to learn new skills. You get to work with a small HR team at the building plus gain close relationships with all management types.
Good money, compensation is good
good pay. great signing bonus.
Working with smart, hard-working people who's top objective is satisfying our customer. The rapid growth provides opportunities to increase scope and/or rotate to larger roles.
Flexible schedule, overtime if you need extra money
Constant labor and stress. Several demands from management not very balanced work life balance. Heavy lifting in situations . Would not recommend.
amazing data sets, cool tools, dynamic team, great compensation
Work in a fast paced environment. Many smart people you can learn from. Interesting projects.
Full 40 hours, pay, tuition reimbursement, overtime, days off, hired basically anyone, easy interview, anybody can do the job, simple to learn
Easy to learn environments, people are aggressively smart, and there are awesome, large scale, systems to work on.
Good benefits, decent pay , and light work.
If you like physical work, and being exhausted at the end of your shift, this is the job for you. I loved it! Great benefits, including stock options and discounts on purchases.
Work is easy and can be fun with the right co workers Leaders genuinely try to improve everything everyday
It's a great place to work.. I love the different people you'll meet. It's fast paced and you get to train in different department. I love how it gave me benefits from day on, some that's very important to me.
good hours, over time almost available, nice and courteous managers and supervisors as well as leads.
The money you saved bc you had absolutely no free time to spend it
Management treats you fairly. Your hard word is recognized and appreciated.
Easy tasks, UPT hours are useful, paid time off that you can use is great as well, and nice benefits.
Benefits are good, take full advantage of them. People were awesome as well
You get to experience something completely different than most jobs.
its a good company to grow with
Cantina and arcade for employee use Great benefits package
Great work environment and the 4 day work schedule was nice. Amazon accommodated to all needs to make it a great experience. Having a very flexible dress code was nice.
Work from home, flexible schedule, commute, etc.
Hourly pay is good, benefits if hired permanently
None They treat people very bad.
Not hard work if you like talking on the phone all day.
good hourly pay and benefits
The pay rate is decent
Fun working with the employees
I want tell you honest. I love to go to cafe and lunch for break because you give us to stand all day! -Get home
Interesting work, encouraged to think big, top notch engineering talent, nice office.
the company parties in Seattle and the people are amazing
Top quality operations leadership internship, with good hands on experience and quality leaders sharing their knowledge. Paid rental car, and a stipend for living.
there are many training you can take and manager was happy to see you attend it. It is good opportunity to improve yourself.
Great place to work. Easy job.
Great benefits, lots of perks. Lots of opportunity for advancement.
Good pay for work. work is easy ont 8
decent pay, 4 day work week, stock options , great health ins
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Working at amazon is a very "you get what you give" work place. Depending on whatever your assigned job is, being friendly with everyone especially managers is a must if you wish to build yourself up in your position. Keep your rate up along with your consistancy and you have no need to worry. Amazon has amazing benifits and amazing managers. Every morning and post lunch there is a stand up and the managers do a great job to pep you up and keep you motivated, along with stretches which definitely help you through the day. Did I mention the 3 day weekends?!
You will learn what corporate greed feels like and hopefully learn to avoid it at all costs in the future. They offer profit share but it is dependant on meeting productivity goals for the whole DC that never are reached. They offer the worst insurance package I've ever seen for a company of this size and net worth.
Great personell, managers are out there busting their but with you when they really aren't even required to, fast paced labor
Sharpens your focus. A fantastic org to have on your resume. My management has been very good to me and my experience has been mostly positive. The company (especially AWS) has been growing exponentially.
good benefits morning and lunch stand-up meetings very health minded with hand sanitizer everywhere well diverse group of employees recently added a 24 ans 32 hr week
Good Money and good benefits. Overtime acceptable.
The culture here is incredible for growth and long term career trajectory. Everyone works hard, and reaps the benefits. There is no "one man show" type of team management. You're encouraged to innovate and failure is acceptable- as long as it isn't a hindrance to overall performance. People are professional, respectful, intelligent. Every day is a first day.
Good autonomy and ownership of a P&L. A lot of your success, enjoyment, and career progression depends on your manager and category you work in. I've worked in multiple categories across various organizations and had varying experiences.
decent pay and very good fellow associates. the people who work there are the ones that keep you coming to work.
Flexible working hours Great working environment Opened minded management Oppertunities to progess International business explosure Willing to explore new ideas Encourage people to make decisions
I interned at Amazon and my experience was really great.  -great intern offer with good benefits -I interned in San Francisco but got the opportunity to travel to HQ in Seattle twice - great atmosphere!
Great place to work
It's been my first job and I have learned a lot, good pay. Great for students. They will teach you everything.
Very challenging environment. Surrounded by smart and hard working people
There are really no pros to this bs job besides pay every week.
They work with employees, old and new, to make sure you can do the job. They are very patient and will do pretty much all they can to help you be successful instead of just letting you go.
Busy time goes by fast good hours
Good location, great people to work with
Exposure to advanced technology and smart colleague.
good experience for beginners. environment is highly competitive, but you can learn a lot from experienced teammates. initially you may have to put in lot of extra hours to learn the ropes.
Decent pay, health, and dental benefits.
Has decent starting pay, great company to move up the ladder and better your career. Good opportunities and learning experiences
Fast pace environment, great opportunities to advance in company
Have good access to all kinds of business information. Owns a product/service. Great sense of achievement. Handles different kind of challenges every day. Works with a diverse for group of people.
Incredible benefits. Fast paced culture. Friendly co-workers. Tons of upward mobility. Strong sense of group and family.
This is the first company I work since many years I haven't worked, so in general is a good place to work. I keep my performance best, but I don't know if the managers notice it or not. You should active to look for things to learn.
Decent pay. Good for part time/seasonal employment. No time for gym, this job does the trick for you. Good safety measures.
I work in an indirect role, which is a support role without a rate, as compared to someone in "process" who has a rate (like packing or picking). I'm fortunate working here as an indirect that I get to work with a set group of people everyday and they really feel like my coworkers. When you're working in "process" it's a gamble who you will be working next to and if you know their name. I feel like the pay is decent for the work you're doing. The health coverage is very good. I enjoy my job minus the feeling that I'm doing a lot of work sometimes.
As a Work from Home Virtual Contact Associate, you get the flexibility to work from home, and you get to choose your schedule, which is awesome. I have an awesome Team Lead that is always willing to help, and even though you don't physically interact with co-workers, people on your team are also willing to help out a lot. Amazon gives you the freedom to make empowered decisions that most other retailers would only assign to supervisors, so long as you back up why you are making the decision. System offers you a probable resolution guideline which helps you figure out how best to help the customer. Very customer-centric environment, so most customers are actually surprised when things go wrong with Amazon, because they rarely do. However, this also means that customers who do call are probably facing lost packages, and other complex situations, which require a lot of patience and creativity in reaching a resolution. It feels great to be a part of the largest online retailer in the world, and Amazon instills employees, even seasonal ones, with a strong sense of pride.
Fast pace no work life balance
The benefits / health insurance
Great place to work. It is very high-paced environment. Nice tools to work with
It's very easy to get a job at Amazon when they need help. Just have to pass an online personality test, background check and drug test. They will practically hire anyone regardless of age, education, past work experience, ect. There seems to be opportunities for career advancement especially if you have some college education. Warehouse is air conditioned. Very large spacious break room. Most jobs are very basic and easy to learn.
Decent benefits. Competitive salary. No dress code and dog friendly. If you are self-motivated you will do good. Lots of opportunity for growth and learning. You get to make a huge impact on business decisions! Good computer equipment (huge monitors and top of the line macbook pros).
Only pros is the benefits
- great benefits - great form of exercise - decent coworkers
On the spot hiring for warehouse jobs, insurance on first day of employment, fast paced environment (if you like that sort of thing)
It was very easy to get the job.
Great company to have experienced
Good Work environment clean work place
Lots of overtime given! Learn the production of entire warehouse. Incentives given during certain major days. Able to work less.
You get to work with incredibly smart people on products that are at a scale and growing at a speed that most other companies aren't able to achieve. AWS supports an incredible amount of internet infrastructure and businesses across the world, the work you can do has real impact. It's also fascinating to see the kinds of customers we get, and depending on which team you are on, you can interact with some big players relatively often. It is very easy to contact people across the company, almost everyone - in my experience - was more than happy to set aside an hour to grab coffee to answer questions about their service or their team. It's also nice that there are near-constant in-company conferences and talks about various aspects of the company and the technologies we use. Certainly a lot of resources to learn about technologies within Amazon, and a growing community of people trying to educate about Design/UX, Mobile, Information Architecture, Machine Learning, etc.
Fun place to work, interesting, internet
Lots of new projects, fast paced company and ability to grow.
easy work for decent pay
Wasn't really an interview so it was easy
It has good benefits and you'll also get stocks. You don't need gym membership because it will keep you fit
Plenty of work available, above minimum wage, friendly co-workers, part-time work, casual dress with no uniforms, vest and gloves provided.
Good company, with good salary...till the stocks increase
Good company to work for and to be apart of
Nothing at all they are liars who will say anything to get you through the door. I was told I was hired for day shift just to find out I wasn't when I had accepted job and had left my other job. They said wait 3 months and transfer and when I did they denied day shift transfer. Hr is a bunch of liars.
I can't think of any (extra words for space la la la la la la)
The salary is competitive, and if you stick it out for 2-3 years you can usually collect on a decent stock package. Depending on which org you're in, they're semi-flexible about working remotely, and have great benefits. If you're a self-starter who likes to learn everything they can, you'll have plenty of opportunity to grow here.
really great culture and work environment
good pay but when you leave before 2 years, nothing paid as they are from stocks. eventually it is the same pay as others if you leave before two years
Good Growing Company, good stock awards given.
It is easy to get hired by Amazon. The work environment is clean and organized. There are many managers to help with training.
Direct Hire employees get benefits from day 1!
nice company, people there are amazing
The pay and hours were perfect for a recent graduate
Good Benefits. Very helpful schooling program. Good for short term.
They have Decent pay and benefits.
Smart, professional colleagues that are experts in their area, stimulating at my level
benefits are decent fast hiring process. the job itself is great i like that im actually working for my paycheck.
Ability to set your own schedule. Decent pay Amazon discount Easy chance for upward mobility
Great environment, great people, very diverse workforce, opportunity to advance, choice of schedule if available, management style is wonderful, EMT on-site
Encourages growth, empowers you to make decision and mistakes to learn from
The benefits are exceptional, it is a very customer centric company.
work culture is very good. benefits are not bad. plenty of opportunities for career growth
Super Smart People (I did not say Kind) and .Challenging Work. Wait I need 20 words and I am short. so making up
Tons of overtime options were available, the pay was remarkably better than most other part-time jobs in the area. There were people that had been with the company progressing upwards often, and most of the work was easy to understand and required minimal training. Also had some nice unpaid time off options and benefits, gaining more the longer you worked there.
- Lots of new fast paced environment - Hands Free Work Experience - Good First Job - Pay - Benefits
Talented Team Passionate Organization Latest & Greatest Technology
Great company to work for and competitive pay
Great benefits, good pay, and stock options
Flexible schedule and time off policies.
- Compensation is great, but only because stock is doing well and I decided to stick it out for more than the two years it takes for any salaried employee to start really benefiting from stock-focused total comp model. - There are a lot of really smart/good people who work on my team, who I will miss when I eventually leave.
Work independently ... Easy job
You make a lot of friends
High growth potential roles. Challenging environment
lot of activities, fast pace
More than any company I'm aware of, their "Leadership Principles" dictate the day to day expectations, hiring, reviews, everything. So, read them before you apply. If they describe you, then you're in the right place. It's a big company, but in my org, I've been mostly pleased with upper management and with the work/life balance I've been able to strike.
The benifits are really good
The have a pretty good benefits package that I had my family covered by and I was paying $155 every 2 weeks for full coverage health insurance
Great advancement opportunities. Opportunity to travel. Great stock options and benefits. There is plenty of opportunity to change careers and explore professionally.
Work whenever you want, no commute
Lots of nice people to work with. Some freedom in what job you are doing each day. Every day is different as you get to learn more about each different job you will get a new job (or at least the same job in a different area) every day. Also there is VTO (Volunteer time off) where you can sign up at start of shift and have the chance to get out of work early at break (2 hours into the shift).
Nice pay decent job
pay rate hours manager were professional explain suites accuratley
The work is fairly straight-forward, pay is competitive, people are friendly, and they offer plenty of opportunities for time off and Voluntary Extra Time.
Flexible on time, compared to other warehouse jobs. Will accommodate school schedule. Good benefits.
Management and company culture is very positive. If you have a problem or need new equipment while working it is a simple task to resolve. Opportunity to be an ambassador and gain leadership skills.
Friendly Coworkers Advancement Opportunities Pickup Great Skills 10% Discount
Stay away the scum of the earth fill this place. If you want a boss missing teeth, covered in the worst tattoo's, and their last job was probably a cashier Hot Topic you might like it here. Every freak and psycho who can't get a normal job is here. They know they are stuck here and if they even think you might be trying to move up they will try to screw you.
Friendly environment and a great place to work
there's the constant sense that you're contributing to things on the cutting edge
Decent money Able to transfer departments Co-workers are pretty laid back No uniform
The only pro is that it pays decent for this type of work -- and they have to, because nobody would put up with the horrendous management otherwise.
Its a great company to work for
Good benefits, pays well, freedom to make decisions autonomously
Your hard work gets noticed, by Managers and Tier 3s alike (Tier 3 is a position that is somewhat equivalent to an Assistant Manager at other employers, but they directly manage the bulk of resources in the areas that they're assigned). You can be trained in other areas in your working area if those above you think you can handle it. At date of hire, you receive up to 4 days off, in the form of -1-10 hr block of Vacation Time, 1-10 hr block of Paid Personal Time, and 20 hrs of Unpaid Personal Time.Vacation time must be submitted for approval no less than 24 hours before the time you wish to be off, the Paid personal time can be used whenever you like, and the same with the Unpaid Personal time. You get up to two weeks , 1 week of vacation and 1 week of paid personal, and every quarter, you accrue 2 extra unpaid days. You can have up to 80 hours of unpaid time accrue before you max out, you lose all of your 1 week personal time if you don't use it by the end of the year, and my understanding is that vacation time can be accrued for an unlimited amount of time. After your first year, you receive double the amount of vacation time to accrue throughout the year. Remember, all of that time takes the whole year to accrue, so every pay period, you get a little more that you can use in whatever type of increments you decide. Insurance Benefits aren't too bad, if you're single, or have a spouse/domestic partner... If you have a family, still not the worst that I've seen, but fairly standard...(See Below) For advancement and promotional capabilities, Amazon.com is also great if you're single and/or have a specific type of spouse/domestic partner...(See Below) 401 K is pretty standard for the industrial warehousing industry. After being there for predetermined amounts of time (2 years, then 3 years), you receive a few units of stock at both intervals, which is nice...(see below) You MAY receive a small monthly bonus, based on the whole facility performance, so that's definitely good..(See Below) Amazon.com also has tons of Leave types available for emergency situations or personal issues, but really could benefit from enforcing the laws concerning certain types of leave...(See Below) They also have an Ethics Line, for employees who feel like they're being slighted, or have seen something they feel or know is wrong. (See Below) Tuition Reimbursement - WONDERFUL... Amazon has a pretty good tuition program. You have to be an Amazonian for over a year before it can be used, but they'll pay up to 12k for certain college courses, usually a technical certificate, or Certificate of some kind. It's supposed to be up to 3K, spread out over a years time, but they're pretty flexible on that because of the limited number of available programs that you can finish over a few years time period... And they also pay for your text books related to the program/classes you're taking. Really, really nice. Pay isn't bad, for a warehouse, unskilled, position either...starting out.(See Below) In the end, Amazon.com isn't a bad place to work, it's really great for hardworking, high achieving, single people, or people who don't have families, or people with a college degree BEFORE you start at AMAZON.
multiple opportunities & positions, and great benefits
Amazon is full of driven and energetic employees. They also provide good opportunity and challenges for those looking to be thrown into new experiences.
Most positions for the CSA are work from home. Amazon is great about training, flexible shifts.
Benefits unpaid time off, no one cares if you show up or not.
Feedback from those you pick is taken in consideration for performance ratings.
Work life balance, good hours
Good insurance benefits and easy to take time off
Good pay and benefits also three days off
career develpment, international environment, business trips
culture, pace, learning, growth
- Innovative company - Can bring your dog to work
Horrible. They will work you to death. I'm not lazy by any means, but this was just awful.
Hours, good people, benefits
can leave when you want as long as you have hours. . stretch before work
Easy work for a warehouse and pay is pretty decent for the kind of job it is. Its a fun place to work..Co-workers are interesting..If you like seeing beautiful women in tight pants, then you'll like this place.
Well the best part about working at amazon fulfillment center is the pay is good and the atmosphere is great the people are awsom and the work is very acceptable
Awesome environment and staff. Theres alot of incentives to keep you motivated and working hard.
Short shifts and set schedule. Short shifts are really good because it is a physical job and a longer shift would make it harder on your muscles.
Meet new people and make friends, contests to win amazon products, 2 breaks and 1 lunch, teams when put together
They pay you every week if you're through the temp agency
Amazon is a great place to work, they don't discriminate against anyone
I have good experience, amazing team
Many opportunities as far as job in the warehouse as a tier 1
Great company, but salary suck for all the work they have you do.
Customer obsession!!! I think those two words has helped company to grow at a rate that it has grown so far.
pay, oppurtunity, extensive benefits to full-time employees, interesting and ever changing work environment.
Great Pay Flexible hours Potentially interesting projects (depending on team) You will learn a lot
Paid time off that can be used whenever without approvals.  20 hours of unpaid time off per quarter that carries over annually if not used.  Get to work very independently, not micro managed, you'll get to opportunity to make your decisions as you see fit at the time.
Great pay, great co workers
This internship was definitely intense, but it pushed me and I had the chance to really make an impact on the FC. You get a lot of responsibility and they trust interns with more than any other company I've heard of. Successful completion of this internship will get you extremely far - not only at Amazon but also in any interview with another company.
the culture is very distinct and ingrained in much of the company's operations
Fixed schedule (so you know when you're working) Overtime Great benefits Monthly bonus Company picnics Prizes and catering for holidays Double time and a half holiday pay
Peaple here are almost all very talented and they work very hard
Stock Options, Competitive salary you get paid for the hard work you do
Amazon is no joke. You work very hard, and occasionally you play hard too. Their are some great Directors and VPs who really want to see their teams succeed.
Hiring is a top priority for Amazon. The company is in constant need of people. Do a good job and you will be appreciated.
Interesting problems to work on and you have huge data and use latest technologies. Good salary and stock options
Independent work, Flexibility, Easy Onboarding Process
Work is hard but you do have lots of fun and yes, you make history too! Opportunities for advancement are available in the company. You must make that initiative!
The benefits and salary (hourly pay).
Access new tech, good infrastructure, smart colleague, face good challenge, can try to use any language or new tech in your project, and management care about your career path and improvement.
Good benefits, you can work from home
LOVED the people!!!!! Everyone knew everyone management included
gator aid, 401k, pto and vacation
The benefits are above the standard
Met a lot of quality people. Top management at the location is great. It's a shame they never poorly lower level management treats the employees.
Small teams Interesting, innovative projects Very smart people Doesn't feel like a cutthroat environment like you see at some competitive companies Stock Internal education system to learn everything from management skills to programming Quiet work areas Beautiful campus Start up feel Doesn't feel like big company Ability to make things happen quickly If you see something you want to change or take on, go for it! VERY flexible work schedule No dress code
Great Benefits. Great amounts of time off if needed. Management is great, they love interacting with their employees. 4 day work schedule. Overtime if wanted and sometimes Mandatory Overtime.
I love the ops Admin role position
Pretty decent pay. People who worked as the same level as you were cool. I liked getting the 4 days on 3 days off
Benefits, you also get PTO, UPT every pay day. Maternity leave.
they gave me $1000 to resign
Flexibility, dogs, location, ownership.
It has a good benefit package
Excellent salary Amazing benefits Great chemistry with co-workers
Great location, close to downtown. Good pay and stock opportunities. Nobody can deny that. As a whole they provide a good service to their customers. Amazon Prime is great. Dogs are allowed on campus and celebrated! This is great. Great if you are a workaholic.
Amazon is a fun place to work, there are a lot of things you can do here.
Money is great. People I work with are awesome.
its a good company to work for
Has very good pay rate.
GREAT PAY & BENEFITS THOROUGH TRAINING GOOD WORK ENVIORNMENT
Train from home, work from home. Incentives and overtime available.
Easy Money Not hard work Meet some nice people
There is nothing great about this team.
Best to work here if you are single with no kids and live at home with someone who brings in an income.
Great place to work if you really like a variety of challenges daily.
Great comp, work with super smart people, collaboration and reward are part of culture
The checks that you bring home every two weeks.
The pay is pretty decent, a good bit above minimum, especially if you do weekend or night shifts.
Talk to the people around you when they get a chance to look up from their screen - you may get some human interaction for the day.
Casual environment Lots of social bonding Multi faceted work
the pay Is good - a premium is paid for top talent. Stock has upside. The work environment is fast paced and you can take a much responsibility as you want.
Good pay and benefits good on the job training
No Politics, just do your job and they leave you alone.
Driven people, binding culture, good pay structure. Numerous perks and an employee discount, if you last at the company your stock options are second to none.
Benefits and get buy out when you quit!
The health benifets are ok
Nice cafeteria, new skills to be learned
Work and HR systems are very organized. Open-door policy helps you get the help you need. Good diversity among workers.
Very good exposure and extremely fast paced.
You will learn A LOT working for AWS. The (mostly) unlimited access to AWS resources provides an unmatched learning experience for the ambitious. You are in control of your own progression.  The workload is great for those who are looking for a steady, reliable, boring, thoughtless, easy day-to-day role.  Work-Life balance is generally good. Varies from manager to manager but the good ones let you take care of business without micro-managing your time.
Opportunity to deliver a full project by end of internship. Great mentor ship, very smart people, smart and highly technical managers. Great recruiting team and amazing software building and DevOps tools.
Fun environment to work in.
pay is good and relocation bonus
Decent money if you're willing to work 50 hours a week.
Work from home, great management/team leadership, training was decent but a little fast for all they expect you to know, but there is always help there. Pay only 10/hr not terrible for no commute.
Decent benefits, still allow you to smoke on site.
Always overtime available. Work with minimal supervision, as long as you can make rate. Breaks are provided at the exact time each day. Good Health benefits.
A lot of great benefits but you don't have time to even enjoy it
For my specific job, not all at Amazon. Great pay, fairly straight forward, independent, use your own vehicle, if done early you may just go home.
I really liked that is was fast paced. I was hired through a temp service so ion t paid every week. They were really patient with me hitting my number and i liked thats they just let you work with little supervision. I was in the returns department. They have alot of incentives like gift cards and prizes.
Pay is okay . garented lots of hours. 3 days off.
Very flexible regarding schedule and availability
Nice Benefits package, Good work life balance
This company is great, has a great outlook.
This is a good e-commerce company
Work from home Easy to get the job Access to discounts on Amazon.com Opportunities to move up in the company
Great professional development, growth opportunities. Salaries are competitive and the varying work schedules and teams make this company even more attractive.
Easy 'manual' labor, nice facilities, good management
Working with a very very diverse range of people for great leadership with many may ways to escalate to a higher position
-Good hourly pay -Quiet Area -nothing else
- Most of the BS office culture so prevalent in silicon valley is not present in South Lake Union (but, see first 'con' below). - Robust dialogue regarding design decisions is strongly encouraged, and SDEs at all levels tend to participate in such dialogues (but, see second 'con' below).
Love the benefits and perks!
Very reasonable and generous employer, they take care of there employees and give them respect
If you are one that wants to work a bunch of hours, you will be pleased to work about as much as you want especially in peak season.
-No politics or BS in the hiring or job. No in-person interviews where you can be discriminated against if someone doesn't like how you look or your personality. Amazon gives everyone a chance. You'd expect this would lead to working with a bunch of bad apples, but I've found the opposite. Nice people people who do what needs to get done to earn honest pay.  -Yes it's physical work, but you know this going in. I think of it as a payed workout. If you can't handle four hours of moving boxes around, then you probably really do need this job. There's people in their 50's, 60's and even 70's here, men and women, who do this work.  -You have a set schedule. You can plan the rest of your life around this. Occasionally you may have to stay a little longer (up to an hour) but this is rare and they will let you know as soon as they know. Again, you know this going in.  -You don't have to take any work home with you. The minute your shift is over, you don't have to think about your work. No emails, phone calls or texts (unless you signed up to be alerted about opportunities to pick up an extra shift).  -Amazon is obviously a huge and forward looking company. They treat their employees fairly and offer good benefits plus you know they will be around for a while.
It is a big company and it has some fantastic web services.
Experience in face to face employee relations
Good Insurance, Stock Offered, and monthly bonuses
Freedom in creative expression, you decide what to offer the world in turn you decide your own pay.
No managers watching you. You log in and out with an iPhone when you're not working in the warehouse (ie Sprouts, Bristol Farms, etc). Late/absence based on generous point system. Management listens to what you have to say and considers it. Weekly pay! Everything is done on an app or online.
* You get a lot of control over what you work on, and you feel like you can make an impact
Benefits, Time off options, Opportunities for advancement, Career Choice Program
Good Agency Management,but Amazon staff were amazing.Good pay..mon-Fri job.
Okayish money Some of the people I worked with were kind of cool
Decent wage for only requiring a high school diploma and drug test. Internal advancement possible with the right drive. Good benefits for blue-collar work.
I loved working therthere meeting people but it was getting tiring because picking up the heavy boxes that was heavy was killing me
Most operations are still being establish within the Amazon corporation and as a result numerous points of view are actively being considered.
Supportive environment, interesting and challenging problems, free bananas.
Great benefits. Opportunity to grow
Great co-workers, a lot of opportunities to learn
flexible schedule, you can choose your hour to work
Work 4 days during the week off 3 days. Compensation vacation time paid time off
Some friendly people work there.
If you are that desparate for a job. Good health benefits.
Good starting Salary, great way to meet new people, you can learn a lot from upper management, not just about the job itself but about life. They hire the best, and so you can feed off of others and learn a lot. I loved engaging people, making people succeed.
It's a great workout, and I have met a lot of great people there. The work is not difficult, but it is hard work.
Good pay and benefits are great. Meet really great people here and build lasting relationships. Very easy to love up the ladder.
I don't work there anymore
If they don't resonate with you 100%, it's not a good fit for you. Amazon is different from anywhere else I've worked. The autonomy I have and the ability to make an impact are a refreshing change from previous companies. But you have to be self-motivated and go after it. Nothing will just come to you here.
Energetic workforce, non-bureaucratic, flexible but long hours, great pay level - stock grants!
good pay and colleagues, good pay
Competitive for industry and benefits.
time off, benefits, pay, bonus, easy
Great pay and benefits, 3 days off and very easy minimalist work,
Plenty of overtime, staff is friendly and your AM is usually helpful
Really good job with good pay. Great chance for promotions
This is a pretty fun company and job,very good for job starter
Some of the benefits they offer are helpful and low priced
i) Fast pace ii) Great brand recognition iii) Good pay
I think Amazon is the best company you can work if you cannot enter Google/Facebook. And you would get promotion if you work very hard.
They encourage innovation. They encourage risk taking. Pay is competitive
Great company to work for flexible schedules and plenty room for opportunity Great managers who care about employees Great job security Incentives for workers
Other than Pay there simply are not any pros
The money that is just about it. The ability to make your own schedule as well, and chatting with Rusty who is cool as heck
Majority of the associates within the environment work as a team, which increases productivity.
Huge opportunity to promote within the company
Get 3 day off sometime 2
Being part of something universal. Great Respect for the Company! A culture that is relatable to all levels of the organization, the hard work, having fun and making history.
Tons of great people to work with
Fare salary and good stuff.
-Great Pay -Able to WFH -Autonomy -Plenty of opportunity to train and learn new skills -Able to move within the company for a perfect fit
Need extra employment during the day.
The pay was ok but they should pay more for all we did
I have to write something in this space as a 20 word minimum. Doot doot doot doot doot doot doot.
The company doesn't care about you its a farce
casual laid back environment you have no supervisors breathing down your neck and over your shoulder. able to complete work independently
Great benefits, good pay, bonuses, some management staff and problem solvers that care and make the experience tolerable.
40+ hours a week. Good benifits
Get to leave early if you have unpaid time off hours or personal time hours
The benefits and health plans are good
The paycheck is good. Day 1 feels like you can accomplish anything. Relocation package is Amazing. Travel in the first year.
Phx 3 is one of the smaller warehouses. I loved working at amazon. If you want to keep your job make sure youve made rate for the week and keep your tine of task low. I was a full time seasonal associate through integrity staffing. Try direct hire on amazon website they open every once in a while but I would not recommend going to the hiring agency because do not communicate with you.
Fair hourly wage, the work activity can be really good for weight loss. The Flex shift hours can allow one to feel like they have a good work life balance, especially if you don't mind missing a few paychecks. The break room is nice. They have a microwave and vending machines,and water coolers.
friends canteen hours food experience
Lots of autonomy. New experiences every day. Good people to work with in my org.
Great company to work with.
Worked within the Games & Apps org for Cloud Drive. Good size overall team (~200), good director-level management.
Interesting company with potential to move around
I mean, it is Amazon. You meet a lot of cool people from all walks of life. The "hub" online is amazing, you can sign up for overtime, if you forgot to clock out it'll tell you and you can submit a request for the time you clocked out, HR will check the cameras to see when time you left and adjust your clock out time!
Good learning experience , helps you how to work in the most complex environment
They give you a good pay
Amazon is a great company to work for. I truly feel supported. I feel like I am apart of a winning organization!  -Work/life balance -Flexibility -Tools -Support -Casual environment -Fun!
Decent pay, meet a lot of people, paid time off and voluntary time off options
You get benefits and pay is some what decent. Tons of over time
learn a lot, lose a lot.
Casual attire Dog Friendly Casual Environment Good hiring screening
Excellent working environment Climate controlled, easy access to water stations, break rooms, food prep stations. Easy access to HR rep at every shift. Leadership always open to change and imput from all team members. Plenty of training opportunities for professional growth. Very positive corporate culture. Being an Amazonian. Choice of 4 day work schedules is awesome and trailblazing.
just get ready to get tired because it's a physical job..but no stress.
good pay good employee employer relations
Lots of smart people, good culture of feedback, good work life balance (compared to the engineering teams),
Your boss is basically a computer algorithm, you can go at your own pace, you don't have to be fakey nice to passengers like with ridesharing, you can drive just about any old car, freedom to choose schedule.
Salary is great starting pay for entry-level
decent money in your 20's full time promotions right way no uniform friendly employee
Good benefits. There aren't many other benefits to working here. It really hits home when I have to try and hit a 20 word minimum for the pros when I practically wrote a novel on the cons.
perks included: -health benefits -partial dental/vision benefits -tuition support up to 3k a year after working full time as a blue badge -restricted stocks, can't sell until you've worked there as a blue badge for 2 years and you lose it if you leave the company before the 2 years are up  -easy to get hired since they need so many workers at the warehouses -tasks are easy to learn but repetitive and boring -lots of opportunities for overtime and moving up
perks included: -health benefits -partial dental/vision benefits -tuition support up to 3k a year after working full time as a blue badge -restricted stocks, can't sell until you've worked there as a blue badge for 2 years and you lose it if you leave the company before the 2 years are up  -easy to get hired since they need so many workers at the warehouses -tasks are easy to learn but repetitive and boring -lots of opportunities for overtime and moving up
Decent pay with no experience required, good work environment with lists of opportunity to advance easy work very nice break room with tvs snack machines and gaming consoles.
It was good for a time
Good pay great benefits great if you are young or you have no ambition to go farther in this job, once they have you in a position if you're over 40, expect to be there forever.
Great benefits, amazing atmosphere never really feels like I'm working. It's a pleasant place to work.
insurance 95% of tuition paid after 1 year Company stock after two years Great place to network try to make as many connections as you can,
Good people to work with makes the time go by
The insurance benefits kicked in automatically
Do not have any pros, besides it is easy to jump to other companies. Actually, Amazon should not treated as an IT company.
Accommodating steady benefits are really great. team culture is outstanding. recognition is awesome hr does an outstanding job The physicality of job has really improved health and stamina.
The rates to meet are very simple as long as you stay on task! The people are all very friendly and approachable.
Love the training they give out, fast paced, stable. Pushes you to be the better. If you work a holiday they cater food to you Work Hard Have Fun Make History
If you're young with little job experience this would be an ok place to work. Good benefits, decent pay, a lot of overtime if you want it.
work from home, 1 hour lunch
Great people, place, etc.
Good pay for what the job is. Easily Available Overtime
work life balance, people, pay, buildings are cool
Get to work directly with the associates and help them be successful. Also, the opportunities that are granted to associates by the company for self development are second to none. From career choice opportunities to tuition reimbursement the company offers so many avenues to better yourself in ways that a dollar amount can't be put on them.
Good pay good money cute girl's
They have decent benefits. Stock options if you make it pass the two year period. You can submit for a schedule that fits your life for the most part after you have been there for a while. Monthly bonuses if the building meets the required "goals" for the month.
Great starting pay, immediate benefits, fun, fast-paced work environment.
Great benefits, you work hard but it's fun.
Schedule. . . its part time and you can pick your hours ... Pay weekly. ..
Surrounded by smart people, and some have the opportunity to grow into leadership roles fairly quickly.
Great opportunity to better your skills
Set your own schedule and I work from home plus for cams we got money to buy from the "swag store"
30 Hours base of unpaid time off which is able to be used at personal discretion as well as holiday pay
Fun, energetic, one of the best jobs I worked! Team building. Never a dull moment. Always recognizes hard work. Felt like I was apart of a time. Can be very competitive.
Great place to work if you have no personal life or commitments. Working with very intelligent people.
Good People to work with, hours are heavy but easily work with home life.
Fast growing, exciting company. At the beginning it feels like you can do anything. Awesome campus and truly unique culture.
Great place to work, Great benefits. Amazing insurance
Learning opportunities and career growth
Learn about operations right after college or 2-3 years after is completely worth it. Go through peak. See where you stand. Data driven.
Pay is decent from about 11 to 12 an hour depending on shift.
Best place to work. Amazing work culture. Best environment to work.
It was a great experienece. Meet a lot of different and new people.
GREAT TEAM ORIENTED ENVIRONMENT! Opportunity for advancement. Great paid time off. Open door policy to management. Encourage continued education. Medical benefits etc.
The environment is always changing, super fast paced and is innovative.
At Amazon you're surrounded by the best and the brightest. The interview loop is famously difficult, but very effective at ensuring that the company maintains extremely high standards. There is no driftwood - everyone contributes (and is expected to). Although there is some office politics, there is far less than I've seen at other companies. The leadership principles (study them if you're interviewing) aren't just window dressing - they're adhered to and used as a yardstick for everything from new product initiatives to your annual review. You'll learn more and become better at your job at Amazon, because you have to. And once you've put in a tour of duty at Amazon, everything else will seem easy.
many projects you could choose to work on
Amazon's moniker to work hard and play hard is no joke, they will work your butt off the moment you walk through the doors. With that said though, they are very flexible in anything that is going on in life to help you.
technologies, peers, culture, location, team
Fast paced environment and competitive pay
Sometimes work can be fun and entertaining. Small work shifts. Theme days, music.
It is a corporate environment with a requirement for high energy. If you want to just go to work, clock in and come home... Then this isn't a bad job. Benefits are top notch and time off is plentiful.
Work from home/ flexible schedule for college, great benefits
They will hire anyone. As long as you've got half a brain, you're more than capable of doing the job. It's not as hard as people say.
nothing good. hate work.
Benefits from day 1, okay Pay, 4 day work week
Amazon still grows, and Jeff Bezos is not a common person. Lots of opportunities to work on new projects. However, teams can vary a lot. In some teams, the workload can be really high, while in others, life-work balance still exists.
Work when you want Choose your jobs Work at home
Uhm, pretty buildings? Bring your dog to work.
My team in particular has a great work life balance. My coworkers are awesome and management has tons of empathy.
Amazon does a lot of cross-training that makes you feel more valuable employ4
Great work environment Easily accessible to transportation
Good pay and sign on bonuses and benefits. Sometimes you work four days a week with three off and u learn a lot quickly.
* Lots of responsibility * You'll build big and exciting products * You'll work with some really smart people
Good Pay & Good Benefits! As a recent college fresh grad, their offer was very tempting. Stock options provided as well. You get to work with so many different people in the fulfillment center! Good learning experience!
Fast pace. Learn a lot
Good working conditions and benefits. After 1 year you are eligible to apply for courses offered by career choice.
- Very smart coworkers - Great opportunity to grow and learn internally through various tech talks, principal engineer talks, conferences, and as nature of the work - Decent benefits throughout tenure
Impact, high visibility, good pay
You can learn a lot of cut-edge technologies. There are a lots of very brilliant people you can learn from.
Overall it has been a great working environment
Popular /large/In time company
pay benefits time of break rooms free gloves
There weren't too many pros......four day work weeks were nice. There is plenty of opportunity for overtime and you meet good people.
Great People. Metrics driven. Great benefits for new parents.
benefits, time off, 4 day work week
pay, benefits, opportunities, people, started seasonal turned into permananet, must be loyal and dedicated and hard working to get permeanenrt stsatus.
Great pay, decent people to work with
the hours that you can work
Fast paced job, flexible hours. Loved it!
Great coworkers, decent pay. That's about it
I got in early so I made money with the stock options. And I needed a job at that time and they gave me one. I also got to build the core software that keeps track of how many things are available for sale at a given moment. I learned a lot from an older co worker about the fungibilty of inventory, the theory of item is promised to a customer at a point of time, etc. How to build a system that is resilient to outages, bad data, data that is stale etc.  I also liked most of the engineers I worked with.  If you work here, you will be given tasks that at other companies would go to older and more experienced workers. The reason is that at the pay rate, those folks have left. or wouldn't join as they have other options.
Employees were fun to work with..and the health benefits were good
1. It is quite likely that you will be able to find employees that are incredibly smart. Engineers are helpful and understand business. 2. As an engineer, you are expected to do more than just do engineering work. You are expected to drive business and make decisions with the help of your manager. There is a very good chance that as an engineer, you will be able to lead a project within the first year of being there. 3. Mobility is not a very big issue. The company is so massive, and considering everyone is looking for smart software engineers, if you are good, but not satisfied with the work/manager that you are working for, there is plenty of opportunities that you will get to move to a different part of the business. 4. If your primary aim as a software engineer is to learn quickly and are willing to put in the time for it, it is a good place to be.
Company with smart people, a fast pace and many new ventures to explore.
Good pay & benefits. Great schedules
Worked around my school hours, and accrued as many hours a s I wanted.
Innovative, highly successful business with opportunity for diverse growth
The only pro is that they work with your school schedule. No other pro so im just typing to feel in the word minimum that is required/
really smart coworkers, hard driving culture, great location
I liked it there, decent pay and hours. Over all good job
Work with many smart people. Lots of opportunity to try different things. Compensation is fair and employee benefits have improved. Can bring your dog to work.
They are vey nice and work with your schedule especially if you are going school
Fun work environment, good managers, they are alwaya trying to improve
All the essentials are covered. Great city to work in.
Fast pace, You will grow as a leader, great Management skills
Awesome place to work loves it employees
Easy interview You have to have a badge photo They provide you with a landline phone Pay is better than minimum wage They do pay for your onboarding
The benefits are affordable, you meet good coworkers, the managers TRIES to make the job fun with challenges
Healthcare from day one. PTO is great. Vacation after one year.
Great pay, Good trainings
Benefits Open Door policy Opportunity for Growth Air Conditioning
Lots of good benefits, very casual work environment and sense of equality between management and associates.
Great benefits, stock options, health, vision, dental, and vacation. Working in an FC there is always something needing to get done which makes the day go by quick. 4 day work week is a much added bonus for family work balance.
Fast paced, tons of smart people, the place lives and breathes the culture, spend time working on fascinating problems, motivated colleagues, cool/casual environment, amazing reputation, flexibility of hours (e.g. people leave at 5PM, but work from home if needed), the fact that moving around the company is encouraged
Lots of things get done
Pays not bad, pretty cool environment, very diverse, only 4 days a week, lots of over time, you can move up
Great communication between management Make your own hours Great benefits (free items such as Amazon Fire TV stick, Kindle Fire)
Full time, Benefits, Paid Time Off, Vacation Pay, Unpaid Time Off
Good team, decent time off, good benefits
Benefits, relocation flexibility, I've meet some wonderful people that I am still in touch with even after they've left.
Climate control. Staff diversity and the door day work week
Huge potential to learn quickly in an environment where there is less politics and more focus on getting things done for Amazon and where you are treated more for your skills than politics
Multiple tools for choice, especially aws service
Innovative company, Always changing
Decent pay, Bluebadge=stock, great benefits, lots of opportunities to grow within
There are a lot of interesting projects and teams at Amazon, and there is a lot of opportunity to work on things that you care about. It's very team dependent though, as each team has its own personality and work culture.  There's a lot of opportunities for you to own your project and make it succeed. Your team also encourages you to ask questions often so that you can excel on your project and learn more about the company.  Work-life balance was decent, and there weren't too many times I had to stay insanely late in the office. Again, this will be team dependent, and a few of my friends had to work extremely late to finish their project.  There are also intern events throughout the summer, though not as elaborate as the ones from Microsoft or Google. You're in charge of finding your own friendships and groups as well.
Short shifts (4-5 hours), paid weekly, free dental and eye care, 2 year degree or certification tuition program (after one year of service), opportunities to learn multiple functions in the work environment, new leadership making improvements to work environment professionally and personally for workers.
Good pay, 4 days a week unless you have overtime and no dresscode, its it's always casual
Unlimited growth potential. Good pay and benefits
Smart coworkers , great campus , salary and benefits.  I have never been at a company who allowed such fast realization of ideas. Bring your idea well documented with supporting data and your are off to the races.
Great Salary. Wonderful associates. Innovative. Industry Leading.
Nice work, Nice compensation, Pretty understanding team
Lot of learning.Excellent training programs.
Decent entry level pay
Continually learning every day. Work with smart people who are customer obsessed. Invest time in researching and applying new technologies.
Continually learning every day. Work with smart people who are customer obsessed. Invest time in researching and applying new technologies.
Fast-paced. Never a dull moment. Always learning.
Days go fast when the ship goal is high,
Benefits package Variable compensation pay stock grants 4 day work week
Assistance with going to school
Industry-leading technologies, great project and one of the most talented people I had to work with throughout my career. Given the company size, most of decisions are made fast and start from engineers and go bottom-up.
Amazon provides great benefits and compensation. They reward those who stay in the company longer with better benefits. At the warehouse, the standards are reasonable. Lower management is supportive of associates and seek to nurture their growth.
It is a great place to learn and grow your skills and they put in place a path for you to move forward in your career, despite the business needs. Making sure their employees are taken care of is their number 2 priority, second to only customers.
Nice starting pay, almost guaranteed your full 40 hours
Fast progression for motivates workers
Flexibility, laid Back, Friendly, Convenient,
- A lot of challenging problems to work on - Working with a lot of great people - Flexibility (hours, working from home when needed, etc)
Well known Company and plenty of hours to work.
Work-Life balance, pace is not too bad
Supervisors are nice and tolerant for your first-time mistakes.
Fascinating work. Brilliant co-workers. This is a dream job if you like being at a company that creates entire industries.
Good hours and pay, especially if you're a college student
great benefits, good coworkers, diverse environment, opportunities to cross train in other positions or departments, career choice program is a great way to help pay for school for associates
There are tons of smart, ambitious, and kind people that work at Amazon. It seems like management wants you to succeed. They offer all kinds of tools to help learn new skills and make an internal transfer (if you want to do something else with your career). Tons of room for growth.
* Good challenging problems to solve. * Easy access to senior talent if you are in Seattle HQ.
Insurance coverage from day one. Great coworkers. Clean and organized work environment. Paid and unpaid time off, vacation pay. Fast paced environment. Air-conditioning.
Lots of great people to work with, relaxed dress code, would be a fantastic place to work for a recent high school graduate
Hourly associates accrue 40 hours of PTO (paid time off), 80 hours of UPT (unpaid time off) and an accrual of 40 hours of vacation for the first year (and 80 hours of vacation from the second year on). Vacation time does roll over from year to year.
The healthcare and dental benefits are really nice and the people I worked with were really awesome. Free swag all the time.
Benefits Pay Meet good people Work with great people Raffles
Benefits overtime decent pay no much else
The pay was pretty decent
Good pay, meet people, hands on learning, easy job duties
Full benefit and easy to get the job.
Great benefits. You get from day one. The pay is not too bad compared to other warehouse jobs.
Money and stock options. Lots of new roles
Like any job, it's all about who you know that allows you to excel quickly, but overall, hard work shows for itself and gets noticed at a regional level. Promote yourself by working hard and it only helps you in the long run.
wonderful pay, monthly bonuses, company discount
Decent pay, easy to do work
It is a fairly easy job to do. The pay is better than minimum wage.
Innovative company. Challenging environment. Access to many tools and opportunities to work with good leaders until they are fired or quit.
Great products, good pay, and good colleagues.
Starting off at 40 hrs with the opportunity to pick up overtime shifts up to 60 hrs/week is nice.
While employed at Amazon.com (warehouse) I was voted THE ALLSTAR EMPLOYEE AWARD.
Tuition reimbursement after one year, monthly bonus up to $50. Medical/Dental starting Day 1
Work on the outgoing side was interesting. Switched up what you were doing every 1/4 of tbe day so it didn't get too boring.
Great work place safty is a big thing and all employees and management want to see you progress and move forward always a push and alot of opportunity
The hours are great. You know for sure you will get 40 hours. Overtime is usually easy and that is time in a 1/2. Overall it's pretty cool i think
Fast Paced environment Excellent trainings and resources available
Good Pay Good Benefits Lots of Overtime
Work hard, 4 - 10 hour shifts. Open 24 hours a day.
This is a very good position!
Great job if you are on the right team. Most employees, especially at the corporate level, are very intelligent. You get to work on new projects all the time. I've had a series of excellent bosses who developed me.
Very smart people You can see big data flowing
- Amazon will teach you about your own limitations - Great compensation - Access to interesting projects and top-notch technologies - Brand new offices in attractive locations - Great company picnic and other events - Executive management is top notch
Huge opportunity for growth! Attractive signing bonus and stock incentives. Competitive salary but do your research before you accept.
Great Employees, Great Career Choice Program, Great Benefits, and decent pay.
Flexible school schedule, decent monthly bonus
Interesting challenging work, smart people
There is no interview process and will hire almost anyone without violent felonies.
The company offers great benefits for employees and many hours of over time during their peak season. Pay is good too.
The pay is good. If you are a man you can advance positions quickly. 4- 10 hr shifts which is good with 3 days off.
Incredible vision with brilliant colleagues. Everyone is pulling their weight and management is focused on helping you to achieve personal and professional success.
Very good work environment and great minds around you.
The ability to make change is a short period of time and have senior leadership visibility.
The pay is competitive for the industry.
Great pay and benefits. 401k
Good name. Company doing good things
Flexible Scheduale, decent pay for first time job
Unlimited growth potential, ability to learn from some of the smartest and talented individuals in the business, endless opportunity, dog friendly
They offer up to 3 months of personal leave once a Year with no pay if you need time off of work.
Meeting great people, making new friends and opportunities for advancement.
Great pay. Casual dress code. Overtime opportunities. Holiday pay is great as well. It's a face paced environment which means time goes by fast. Occasional free lunches were awesome!
Innovative, fast-paced environment. Fun to work.
4 day work week. Nothing else is positive. If you get a trip to Seattle for training then that would be nice.
the money and benefits are good.
Good paying job. Make sure to work ICQA.. the easiest job you can take/be part of...
Learn the processes of logistics from one of the top companies in the industry. If you like a challenge, this company is for you! You never stop going from the start of the day until the end, never a dull moment. Lots of intelligent go-getters working here. Opportunities to move up are available.
people are cool, job is easy, benefits are good. good cheap insurance, dental, vision. good compensation for how easy the job is
You get paid weekly and can pick up extra hours
Compensation. Interesting problems. Lots of autonomy.
It's a great paying job
Available over time and good benefits
Pays well and will hire practically anybody. No resume or education required.
high visibility, exciting workplace full of high intelligent and driven people
Great for college students due to the various work shifts available. Employees are paid weekly which makes it convenient if you just doing this job for spare cash.
Interesting place to work. I love the dynamic of the team and culture.
Great pay and benefits. Pay for all relocation expenses and all training expenses
They have decent medical, dental and vision for the price you pay, 4 restricted stock units per year in a fast paced high demand environment.
Seattle is a great city to live in. All 4 levels of managers above me are incredible leaders, and they inspire me everyday. The growth happening at the company right now is amazing.
Very good leadership experience. Good pay and the ability/expectation to drive change. Strong culture on providing specific feedback on performance and opportunities to improve.
One pro to working at amazon is the benefits such as paid time off,paid vacation , voluntary time off etc.
Great pay, good benefits, good people. Plus working 4 days a week was a plus!
Great benefits Great people Keeps you fit
They offer great benefits and more incentives during peak time. Working during the holidays was fun.
4 days on 3 days off... thats about it.
Great benefits and stock at a company whose stock has gone up by hundreds of dollars over the past 2 years. Can be great opportunities to apply new technologies and work on cutting edge products.
Good benefits and decent pay
Fast and accurate at what I do
Benefits were amazing Fast Paced Friendly People
Pay good, overtime available, payed time off
GOOD PAY and is fast paced
Great benefits Great people Keeps you fit
good hourly pay compared to other places
Great stepping stone as they hire anyone they can right out of the university. Adopt leadership skills Experience high pressure environment Learn how bureaucracy works within Amazon
* You get to work with some really smart people * The company's culture and values (Leadership Principles) are not just lip-service. * A lot of business processes help improve me as an employee * Decisions are data driven
I liked working from home the pay is good for 8 hrs shift
Quick advancement, great people, better environment than similar jobs. Lots of space for upward movement and everything is incredibly fast paced there.
* The most practical experience I have ever gained in any job. One year here is equivalent to three years industry average experience in your discipline.  * Amazon only hires the best of the best. You will be surrounded by people who are SMEs and know much more than you. Your learning potential is infinite at AWS.  * AWS's managers are required to pass a high tech bar for the position. As an engineer you will speak the same language as them and can understand each others issues very clearly. I have not met a manager at AWS that was not a powerful leader and excellent mentor/career coach.  * Ability to move horizontally with no opposition. If you do not like where you are or lost interest in your team's responsibilities you will be able to move to another team with no resistance. AWS is very open to enabling you to work where you are happy.  * No on-call. Enough said.
You learn a lot.
There is always overtime and you work with great people. Also there is always something to do, learn, and incentives.
lots of time off using pto. vto, upt and vacation. decent pay
This amazon has a great culture, nice/ clean work environment and employee recognition
Loved it everything about it was amazing would refer anyone
Flexible hours great starting pay especially when you're in college. You got world class training that basically gets you into any customer service job for any other company.
Work with some of the smartest people out there. Always encouraged to develop, invent and innovate. Fast paced but fun environment.
Good pay, bonuses, good lunch spots, dogs are the best, people are smart and sharp, Seattle is the best place in the world.
Well developed infrastructures, like service oriented architecture
Benefits are awesome. As a "leader" compensation is great. There is the added bonus of having Amazon on your resume
Work environment, People were nice at amazon, had enough work to work on all the time.
Excellent Benifits and Stock options and 401k plan
It's a good company to work for with great benefits, and great pay not to mention.
Its cool, like the environment
The time they give you to take off and the health insurance
Cool tech -- Cloud was *the* new hotness while I was there. Logo looks nice on resume
Work from home, paid training, somewhat fun. Very interesting to see how such a big company works from the inside. Opportunities to become a regular employee with benefits.
Insurance was great but I only used it once while working there. Pay rate is decent.
Theres no benefits, no advancement, no raises
Very good salary and benefits. Interesting and Challenging place to work. Smart co-workers at every corner.
great for people 23 and under
Work-from-Home, Excellent Benefits w/low deductibles on health insurance and not much cost for employee
The pay is really good and there is no shortage of hours
Smart co-workers, rapidly growing company, strong stock performance
Amazon will make you very marketable. I had ten recruiters contact me while working there due to my LinkedIn page.
This review is in regard to work as a seasonal part time Prime Now associate. What you'll be doing is walking for 5 hours, picking items and prepping them for delivery, you have to be a fast worker. You get one 15 minute break. I didn't mind the walking, but you will be sore at the end of the day. Good exercise though. The co-workers are very nice people, a couple of the managers were awesome. You can pick up a couple of good skills working in a fulfillment center.
The benefits are amazing and start on day one. I've met some great people working here. I love working a four day, ten hours/day work week.
Lot of challenging work, quite a bit of smart people, cutting edge technology, some company wide practices are great like writing working backward document before start building a product
Quick hire and unlimited hours to work
No commute.easy process in the hiring process. The pay is 10 dollars per hour good pay considering working from home.
Health insurance. Stock. Vacation paid to off unpaid time
Very strong customer oriented culture and sense of purpose. Lots of special things going on. Very innovative and will take business risks. Very data and goals driven and holds its people accountable. B and C players do not survive long. Being successful here is resume gold. Our senior management go on to CEO and executive roles elsewhere. Does fairly well at avoiding cronyism and organizational disease for a large corporation, due to unique mechanisms such as "bar raisers" for hiring, promotion process, OLR, etc.
Excellent pay, benefits, resources. Great Information Systems.
Simple work, you can't really make any mistakes. Training provided and the manager was awesome.
I work at Amazon Web Services, not necessarily Amazon.com. The workplace is much more relaxed and easy-going than what you've heard about Amazon in general. We are not micro-managed, and the employees have the freedom to govern themselves in certain instances. Good benefits and great job security.
Its a job if your in desperate need for money
Helpful lower level management and inviting attitude by fellow customer service associates.
Decent pay, great insurance, 4/10 schedule
Great Leader Ship Principals Well established company with good future
Honestly I love working for Amazon (AWS) and really look forward to coming to work everyday. Management is awesome, caring, and really wants you to succeed and advance your career. All levels of Management make themselves available to chat with you. Amazon also provides any tool, training and study materials that you could possibly want. I work with some of the smartest and talented individuals I have ever met.
Its a great experience to get to know the team and learn how the best company operates its supply chain and delivery
Good place to jump start and possibly start a career. Opportunities for growth of you work hard and put in the time.
Excellent employee benefits and job security.
Many opportunities for advancement, fast-paced environment, lots of cross-training to avoid employees getting burnt out on doing one thing, great pay.
The people: fellow managers, team members, and customers. I enjoyed working with a large number of highly qualified managers and team members from around the country and world. They are sharp folks.  I enjoyed hearing from customers about how well they like the service we provided. I liked being part of a large well-known, well-thought-of (by customers) company. It was one of the only places I've worked that I didn't have to explain to people what we did.  My base pay was decent and benefits were good.
They provide you with a steady job
When I was there, this was a great place to grow and learn. It was quite fast-paced, and stretched me to my maximum potential.
Everything about working at Amazon.
The pay is really decent
The only good thing about working here is that you can manage your time off from your smartphone, which helps those of us with anxiety get things done. People are relatively friendly. You have the option to cross train. If you stay long enough, they have good benefits like schooling and stock.
great pay and health benefits
Enjoyed working for amazons customer service representatives.
Good about closing for inclement weather
Amazon is a great company to work for. They touch many lives and obsess over the customer. Stock bonuses are great if you manage to stay for the amount of time they require to vest. If you are highly competitive and can focus 100% into your career above all else, you may do well.
Amazon offers a good pay
Great entry level job if you want to grow into warehouse management.
Their leadership mantra is strong and logical, consistent with my own. The founder's vision of re-investing in the enterprise is a good sign for the long term success.
Benefits are amazing!!!!!!!!!!! everything else....No.
The chance to work on numerous problems, work with motivated people. You will get a chance to develop grit.
Quick hiring process. Paid on time. Overtime was almost always available.
Getting constant feedback on performance
Large firm. a lot of resources
Without a doubt, compensation is the why you want to work here. You will be able to provide for your family.
Bias for action and ownership!
On your feet all day but get real hands-on experience and get to see what your full time offer actually looks like
Company culture encourage ownership, creativity. Tremendous opportunities to reach out to people from different business units. Colleagues are smart and hard working, very high recruiting bar.
The people are nice with very little drama and time off is fairly flexible as long as you are an Amazon employee rather than a staffing agency employee.
There is a good place to work I like it, they take care of good workers, they know who working hard.
give u enough experience to suffer pressure
- Surrounded by intelligent people - Diversity of projects with mobility between teams/countries - Headquartered in Seattle itself, rather than outside the city with long commute times
Great for those who want to keep learning everyday, opportunity to work with smart and dynamic individuals , chance with work global teams
Smart colleagues, Impactful platform, Great career starting point.
Decent pay...... for a teenager $13.00 hr. Easy interview easy work for a warehouse
I enjoyed the hours and salary here @ Amazon. Great environment & people to work with!
Benefits, Great Co-Workers, Free coffee
Benefits, career choice and diversity
Fast paced, customer centric company
On many teams there is an opportunity to learn a substantial amount in a short period of time and build skills that are valuable in the marketplace.
Good salary. If you are looking for quick cash this is the place to work at.
Incredible resources - AWS is all yours to play with, budgets I previously thought were huge are not worth a blink - with justification. Internal tooling is way ahead of any other company I've worked for.
I designed a real feature with support from great designers. I learned a lot about design and got to work with stakeholders including leadership, marketing, and engineers, which doesn't happen for all internships. Also, can't beat the location (Seattle) and hours (nothing expected above the normal 40 hour workweek).
You will learn a lot. I learned more about distribution/warehousing working in Fullfillment Center than I did in college. Company is growing and there are opportunities for career growth. You have to be self driven, read con below.
Easy money /easy job I guess
Smart people, interesting tech, stock awards
Good pay , quick promotions available
- Great quality work, especially at AWS - Smart colleagues - Scale
Pay is OK for fairly easy but boring work. Benefits aren't the best, but at least Amazon provides something. Some of the managers and PAs are cool.
Leading position in the space
AWS is an excellent place to learn, be creative, own your project and be part of something larger than you are.
Great total compensation package, long term incentive program is generous. Lots of opportunity to travel and advance (if you are willing to relocate). The people they employ are dedicated and intensely smart. Growing at a ridiculous rate means job security as long as you perform!
Friendly employees and good benefits.
Good salary and got hired when the stock was under $100. Competitive environment made it challenging and occasionally fun despite the cons
flexible, work from home culture, great innovative events to go, the perks (concert, Amazon events, great benefits package, 401K), great place for type A folks, or people who come to get things done, offers great customer service to it's customers
Development at scale. Sometimes you get a chance to work on new projects that millions of people will see.  The pay is okay.  Stock options (basically $100k in savings after staying for 4 years).
Great pay, lot of room for extra hours
Very quick application and hiring process. They give you step by step guidance, and the training process gives you all the information you need to start in confidence.
Dynamic environment with opportunities for advancement.
Great pay Great workout Very lively
Friendly employees and good benefits.
Constantly changing environment. Opportunity to travel and participate on launch teams for new Fulfillment centers. RSU awards (first vest after 2 years of employment, then yearly awards). Great place to develop strong leadership skills and experience process improvement, six sigma, kaizen processes which translate everywhere.
Great pay, awesome atmosphere and you will never get bored.
The environment is great and no one is never denied anything. The greetings with a smile and the fact that you can call your teammates your family.
great opportunity for growth and establishment
Great Employees, Autonomy and Scale
Good food options with restaurants and food trucks a plenty, you're in the heart of Seattle, dog friendly, lots of coffee shops nearby.
Career opportunities paid time off and paid vacation more up to 10 weeks maternity paid leave
Flexible schedule, good benefits, great atmosphere. A good place to develop leadership skills.
OT when needed and great benefits.
Good pay. You will be working on challenging stuff.
You learn fast and grow
Great benefits, 4 day work week, easy job
Benefits, Decent Pay, Bonuses, and opportunities to succeed
Solid pay. Great internship staff.
Schedule flexibility. Great benefits. Stock options.
Great people and exciting work
The people in the org are generally smart The pay is decent. Blah, blah, blah.
Lot of opportunity to learn and work.
If you enjoy a fast-paced environment that constantly challenges you, gives you room to absolutely own your space and provides constant ambiguity that will utilize your problem-solving skills, creative and tests your ability to be a pioneer, Amazon is an extremely exciting and invigorating place to work. Some of my personal pros consist of the following:      - Incredibly smart people     - Never-ending opportunities to be innovative     - Constantly creating new things     - Educational - you learn a lot working here, and there are endless opportunities to move around between teams in order to develop and grow     - Company is a not afraid to take risks if it will provide a fantastic customer experience     - Ability to make things happen quickly - If there's something you want to change, go for it!     - Diverse workforce - there is a huge initiative pertaining to this right now, and it's exciting
Fun, fast paced, friendly environment
40 hour work week. Possible overtime. Good money during peak season.
* tremendous individual ownership and impact (e.g., your work could directly increase revenue by tens of millions of dollars) * strongly data-driven culture and good monitoring tools * excellent interview process (behavioral interviewing, bar raisers, pre-brief/de-brief, etc.) * lots of really great people * some very cool projects (generated by those people) * many great cultural tenets (at least on paper) * above median total compensation for the Seattle tech industry
Pay is very good. Seattle is a booming city. Rotations are encouraged and easily manageable. Stock compensation is a plus.
Cool Company that is growing
Great Job love the people that work there love the benefit that this job offers.there is opportunity for move up within the company
Great company to work for. Good people
Depends on your team and your project. Overall, my experience was positive and I learnt a lot about software development.
It's a big name and there is some interesting technology around. But don't expect much.
Restricted Stock Units. Benefits. 4 day work week. Maternity leave is good. Met some cool people. No other pros!!! Zero, zilch, nada!!
Fast pace and lots of testing! For a creative it's great to test multiple concepts and get results to improve the customer experience. An abundance of talented individuals within org and everyone shares learnings, you just need to ask.
Good money nobody will bother you as long as you do your job to their very high standards good luck people.
If you want to work with smart people who are most of the time trying to do the right thing for the customer and the business, this could be a great company for you. There are politics, but less than at other companies I have worked for that were less data-driven.
The pay rate was adequate. We did get to have stock in the company.
The hours are flexible and amazon community is very friendly, helpful and amazing staff
Good pay, excellent benefits, stock awards, management in my area accessible and approachable, worked with a great and dedicated team.
Better if you are starting out, you get to grow fast.
* Really smart people * Will get to learn how to be customer focused * Will get the ownership of products
Stocks, Location, Outlook, Interesting, Salary
Great place to work if you prefer fast paced environment
We are software company that happens to be really good at retail and cloud-hosting. That makes Amazon an exciting place for technologists. I very much enjoy the tangibility and impact my software has for customers. I can go home and tell my family "I own /that/. That part of Amazon that you use all the time, I did that."  Amazon can be an intense workplace for people who want to be challenged. Ask anyone who works here, and you will find people who want to invest and tackle big problems.
Short hours and good pay.
Great place to work, nice people.
Great place to work, growing fast
Opportunity, fast-paced, innovative, exciting, learning
Critical Thinking Customer Focus Resources Company was amazing customer focused, and I learned so much about critical thinking and developing business cases and plans
A great place to work, wonderful working environment, fast paced, great with diversity!
-Excellent leadership -Fast-paced, physical environment -Benefits for working there improves dramatically per year
Great team and learning opportunities.
Great fast pace steady work most of the year around. Start out pay was decent. Co workers were great and respectful.
Great job while I was finishing up in college! Working 21 hours a week for full time benefits was fantastic!
Money. Amazon makes a lot of it. Base pay, signing bonus, second year bonus, RSUs. Depending on the part of the company you're in, they can be quite respectful in work-life balance.
We have department party's all the time and the most of the managers are their to help us when need
Pros- PTO,Vacation, Unpaid time. I have never worked for an employer who offered so much time off. Management is very respectful and responsive!
Ability to grow from within the company up to higher manager positions in the company.
Pretty legit benefits, plenty of overtime, diverse crew of coworkers, casual dress code, easy to get hired
You learn a lot in a very short time. A developer in Amazon is a jack of all trades. Development, testing, deployment, maintenance and support. There is no QA team, support team....
Amazon Fulfillment has great Benefits. Its a great job for young adults and college students looking for short to mid-term employment.
Part Owner - Invested with Stock as permanent employee
Nice enviroment Fun activities Growth opportunities Great values
great pay and great benifits.
I like the 4 day work weeks.
Great pay for software engineers
The ability to work with some of the most tech-savvy, innovative, and creative engineers and managers in the world. You are truly an owner in your role and have huge impact and scope of project.
Better pay than surrounding warehouses here in Reno NV
I worked from home in the Virtual Call Center, it was nice not having to leave my family to go to work. My supervisors were usually positive and responded to questions and problems in a timely manner.
Comparable pay for type of work Proximity to residence
The company helps build your resume, the invest in you and want you to grow.
You learn every critical retail function, from site merchandising and marketing to instock management and forecasting. Given Amazon fast paced work culture, you learn a ton, quickly. I've learned more in my almost 2 years at the company than 3-4 years elsewhere. This is a great place to be if you value learning and want to optimize for learning in your career: the career progression opportunities abound if you perform well. Competitive name on resume, intelligent coworkers, fast paced culture where you are consistently challenged, flexible work hours
Great stock options and opportunity to work with some of the smartest people in the business. Working for a company that is growing quickly and is building innovative and game changing products.
the schedule is very flexible
Great benefits, great pay, you will meet really cool people
Money and stock if you can last long enough. The associates and PA team work very hard but have no say in management decisions.
There is plenty of overtime work to be done depending on the department, the benefits like stock after a year is nice and the bosses are all nice also.
Lots of PTO, only 4 days a week, Voluntary Overtime
great benefits and people in a fast paced environment. Step up to the plate and perform, you'll be rewarded.
good pay, good benefits and lots of paid time off
-made lots of money -paycheck every week -was fairly simple work and got to talk with coworkers almost the entire time (while working) -people were mostly cool -good job if you are in decent shape and in need of work experience/money -Human Resources department was helpful -supervisors were mostly helpful
Customer obsession means that it is possible and actually easy to argue for the solution that helps the customer. They're working on a lot of cool projects.
Amazon is a very friendly company with good pay, even for its part-time employees.
pretty good benefits, guaranteed hours
Solid pay. Work with strong peers
Friendly environment pays well very fast paced but easy to do and easier with time getting used to it.
Technical excellence, great leadership by management
Fast pace company where it is possible to get promoted quickly. Great stock and pay incentives for those coming out of school. If you get a good manager and you are identified as a top performer you will be pulled up. It is a fun fast pace environment. You literally have the power to make any changes that you see would be beneficial to the company if you are willing to do the work. When you are not in peak season it is common to have 3 day weekends. Nobody is going to BS you so you normally know where you stand.
You would learn a lot about the e-com business.
Fast paced, cutting edge of technology
NA, they are not interested in YOU or respecting the work you do for them.
great environment to work in, cool people to work with.
All the coworkers are nice to you and everone treats you like are someone and they dont look down on you.
The work is easy, you get to talk with other associates and the pay is pretty good. Also the job offered benefits.
Good benefits. Great pay. Fast paced.
friendly environment, easy money, easy work, good pay, awesome bonuses. If you need more hours you can almost always pick up more whenever you want.
Scale is one thing that amazon does well
Competitive Salary, Good Benefits, Substantial bonuses. Good exposure with the big company name on your resume.
Good pay, great benefits, friendly environment, Ice machines!
Bold visions, appetite for risk, smart people. All of that make for interesting work environment. Amazon is definitely a please where builders can build.
Pretty good benefits. Possible career. Pays for college. Many promotions.
Great fast paced environment and have lots of opportunity to learn new skills and grow.  Competitive pay and benefits  Lots of people with potential
Company is extremely customer focused and makes sure that they can do as much as possible to fulfill every customer demand. Amazon does a lot to innovate every stage in their processes to make the customer experience as simple and efficient as possible while keeping it cost effective and fast. Benefits were outstanding and compensation was at least competitive with the rest of the region.
3 days off/4 days off. every other week, good health benefits, room to grow.granted Stock options
Good benefits four day work week and lot of flexibility opportunity to transfer to many location
diversity of opportunity. low/no barriers to internal mobility. no politics in decision making.
Decent pay, only have to commute to work 4 days per week unless there is mandatory overtime, some of the people are great
This company is a great place to work if you utilize the system they have in place and work it to get them for all you can!
Exciting work, motivated senior management, opportunities
-Pay is way above min wage -Great benefits -Meet wonderful fellow employees
Easy jobs and decent pay.
its a job what else can be said. Really feels like sweat shop work.
Good pay, good benefits, etc.
Great pay with lots of opportunity to advance and move around the company. There's always something new and exciting going on. Great people to work with.
High value on getting things done. Company is open to new product ideas, and willing to take chances. Good place for new grads to gain a lot of experience quickly.
Competitive pay Fast paced (never dull) Smart colleagues Decent Health Insurance Great Learning Experience Amazing brand name to have on your resume
Paid time, vacation, unpaid time, voluntary time off
work type, cool people, a lot of team building activities
good benefits, great career potential. The company is growing, growing, growing! They really go above and beyond to help employees advance their careers.
You will learn a TON at Amazon. A couple of years of experience in corporate headquarters is extremely useful, practical experience you won't get in grad school. Learning to live up to their performance standards will make you a rock star in your next company.
The pros of working for amazon.com would be the benefits/pay/bonuses, the 4 day work weeks and the easy work tasks.
Great Money with great hours included.
lots of paid and unpaid time off when ever you want to use it. jobs are very easy
Exposure to really hard problems and very interesting technology.
Learn a lot about the companies business
They will compensate you fairly and financially. Work only 4 days a week!
A lot of hours, good benefits, good pay
Name recOgnition 4 day a week schedule
pays very well and everyone is really nice
Great benefits, and potential to move up in the company.
Fast pace goal driven environment. If you like to work hard it's the place for you.
Awesome, full ownership, good culture
Learn a lot quickly. Many smart people. Leading edge technologies. Customer focused. Great place for career growth.
Working at Amazon will make you feel like you are part of something special, you will do more exciting things in a shorter amount of time with less resources than ever before. Plus, you will work with fun, ridiculously smart people.
Paid Time Off, Vacation Pay, 401k, advancement, safe working environment
Smart people and great location
Money, meeting new people
You are introduced to so many different parts of distribution. Robotics, conveyoance, dock, OB, IB, inventory control. If your looking to gain experience this is the place to LEARN.
Amazon offers many great programs if you go above and beyond your duties if you wish to succeed. Also great opportunity to have your college paid for nearly in full if you been with the company for a year. Many great chances to moving up like becoming a trainer or seasonal Tier 3.
fast-pace, working with very smart people, tech environment, casual dress code, modern buildings, amenities, salary and bonus are above market
Good benifits, plenty of overtime
bonus and stock if you get them. lots of great employees
One good pro is seeing the items that you normally wouldn't see in brick or mortar stores up close. This job helped with acquire some skills I can put to use in another field. And then offering a career choice option for people whonwantnto go back to school for another is a plus by them.
They offer benefits & also match your 401K
-You get to work with a great deal of hardworking and intelligent coworkers. -The opportunities to learn and gain valuable management and operations in endless. -Constantly challenged to improve -Open communication with senior leaders
I love Amazon Mechanical Turk, its challenging and everything is new. You must do your research before you start, do not go in thinking you know what to do. can make good to decent money if you know the system. You can work on your own time make up your own hours but there is a goal to make. I make between $25-$50 in three hours which is not bad, I do have other Virtual Jobs which pay me more but i always have time to Turk.
The pay is good for an entry level position
Always learning something new everyday
There is nothing really good about working here. You are treated horribly and micro manage constantly here. The manager are hipocrates
Weight loss, benefits from day 1, steady work, Vendor coins, BNA bucks, Everything is online, No "real" dress code, free safety gear
Competitive wage , cross train , friendship with many co workers,
- Most customer-centric company I have ever worked for. Amazon truly cares about its customers, what its customers wants and truly listens to customer feedback. Everything Amazon invests in, experiments and creates is for customer wants and needs. - Compensates VERY well. Base salary was very competitive for the role and the RSU grants were very generous, both initial and subsequent awards. - Fast-paced and dynamic environment. You were never bored at work. Fluid and constant-changing processes allows tons of opportunities for process improvement, innovation and problem solving.
time off options, leadership principles are encouraging, feedback (when actually given) is transparent, and great people that can deal with great flexibility and can adapt quickly
Fast paced, smart co-workers, opportunities for ownership and leadership. Expect to work on the latest technologies. Data driven.
Benefits, overtime, atmosphere, holiday pay, bonuses
The business in its self is doing very well as far as having a customer obsession based approach in making sure orders are being fulfilled for customers on time.
Good pay that was the only good thing I can say
Really good job to work for
Fast Pace. High Volume. Great Atmosphere.
Great people and great culture
Great benefits, open culture, very LGBTQ friendly. Global company. Your designs will get seen by millions, not thousands, of people. Tons of potential for advancement if you're the type to get out and climb the corporate ladder.
The people there are amazing and fun to work with and it keeps my body in shape.
Four ten hour days with 10 hours of overtime per week almost always available. Great benefits and you manage your own time off and have plenty of paid and unpaid time off.
I would not have been able to learn as much as I did anywhere else.
Good money and good benifits
I love Amazon!! They have great benefits, great hours, great opportunities for moving up with the company and even not with the company!! ( Career Choice) They have a great HR team!!
40 hours a week, constant overtime opportunities, flexible schedule, managers are easy to talk to
really like working with the people.
Great place with great benifits and pay.
Have opportunity to learn and build systems.
Set schedule, 3 days off, always work
salary, and lots of opportunities to move up or transfer
I made it past the interview and they gave me a job. I'm surprised I didn't owe them $200 grand to pay for the privilege.
1. Work with really smart people 2. Faced with ground-breakingly difficult problems 3. Empowered with license to fix them
Interesting work. Minimal politics. Smart colleagues.
Love my job Great environment fast pace hard work easy mentally
learn new technologies, a good place to start career that you may learn a lot within 1-2 years, Compensation is not bad, nice managers / team members ,
Great Benefits, personal time off and I can challenge myself.
Test on your analytic ability and ability to write correct code.
Love the work and the pay is great (although drivers need to remember: as a contractor, there are no benefits, and you'll be paying for your own car/gas/maintenance *and* your own Social Security taxes at the end of the year.) Fellow drivers are friendly, helpful, collegial - all around great people. And customers are usually pretty excited to see you - the bounty of positive reinforcement in a definite mood lifter. =)
pays wells and good benefits
Great talent to learn from all around. Because the people come in with such solid credentials, it pushes me to be a much stronger leader/contributor.
Cutting edge technologies. Lots of opportunities to learn. Provides a very challenging environment and more recently the benefits for parents are very good.
Interesting work. Minimal politics. Smart colleagues.
pays wells and good benefits
good working environment and growth opportunities
Great pay and benefits. Great bonuses.
Amazon has been the best company I have ever worked for, and boy have I worked for a lot of companies. Amazon expects a lot from its employees and it gives a lot also. I started from the bottom as a tier one. I ran carts, packed, loaded trucks, 5S'd. It was so physically intense that I ended up losing 60lbs in 6 months. Which is significant when you are 320lbs. I was working 2 jobs and invested in 5 hour energies to get me through the 18 hour days. There were days that I hated Amazon and days I loved it. I realized that the management would listen to my ideas and occasionally when I landed on something that would work. They would let me help set it up and get it going. I have never had a company listen to me. I gave everything I had to make our team successful. It usually meant that I was in pain and exhausted by the days end, but I loved to have pride in what I did. I was able to get promoted to tier 3 by taking one of the worst jobs in our building. I worked as hard as I could to make my team successful. After 3 years I was promoted to an Area Manager. Which is where I am now.
Great company to work for, stock options, 41k, dental and health. Everyone I worked with has great work ethics and really pushed each other to achieve goals and reach amazons corporate standards.
fast growing company, many interesting projects
You got 3 days off and also had lots of personal time you can use anyday or anytime you wanted to
AWS has loosely coupled processes, flexibility, quick in rolling out software changes (within AWS), you build your own career path, flexible management, performance is goal oriented, work from home always an option, little micro management (if you are a senior level guy), every day feels like a new day in terms of things to do, you will never get bored here if you are passionate about AWS itself.
Nice place to work, the coworkers are the best part! The pay is good and benefits start day one. You also earn stocks yearly.
Super smart coworkers, no shortage of challenging things to work on, lots of empowerment to get things done
Great benefits, very rewarding and satisfying experience.
The ability to work in locations all over the country and possibly the world. Constantly opening new facilities allowing for growth opportunities if you are OK with relocation.
AWS is really fast moving, a LOT of feature reuqests
Good pay, relaxed atmosphere, very accommodating with getting to / from work. Free public transit and subsidized parking. I'm sure it varies from place to place, but I've been there a month now and environment I've experienced isn't like the one described in the NYT article at all.
Strong salary for business/retail positions Opportunity to work with extremely intelligent and driven people Fast-paced, innovative environment Good resume builder
Competitive compensation High visibility Growth opportunities are abundant and rewarded due to high attrition and turn over of employees compared to other companies of Amazon's size. Decent IT support infrastructure (above average of other companies) Feedback system -everyone in the company can input feedback about anyone. It is only visible to the manager and above of the employee. Note: this tends to be abused from time to time.
-you have a job - it brainless work - a handful of eye candy to pass the 10 hour shift
Amazon features a great work environment and quick opportunities for advancement.
Management team is very supportive, brilliant as well as peers. Great challenges and projects. You have the opportunity of working with people and teams around the world. Agile approach.
this is a Fun place to work
The culture here is awesome. Good work life balance, paid ORCA cards/subsidized parking. Great work location. Endless opportunity for growth.
Other than having a steady pay check. No other reasons than that
They happen regularly for the most part.
Good people, management, benefits, and time off.
Set schedule shifts, monthly bonuses,
Good pay, can easily go up the ladder if you apply
Excellent growth opportunity, but no one is going to hold your hand.
for a minimum wage job it payed 2.50 over minimum wage. Most of the co-workers are very friendly
Friendly co-workers... That is it.
Stock and pay, working environment, accessibility to true innovation
Dynamic, Fast Growing, Terrific Technology, Great Co-Workers
High paced environment, great ownership on projects. Flexibility to rotate to multiple teams. Interesting growth opportunities.
pretty as many hours as you could want fairly clean
Pay, Benefits, UPT/ PTO/ VTO, Hours, Vacation time
Everyone you work with is extremely bright, and the experience you get there is unlike anywhere that I'm aware of.
Top notch tech, lots of opportunities to grow and learn.
Great people. Very helpful. Easy work.
* Very smart people to work with * Some of the teams have great work that you can learn a lot
- Fun work environment where pretty much nothing is out of the questions - Empowered to make your own decision and innovate
Paid time off, benefits day one, four days on three days off, my leave, vacation time, voluntary over time.
Decent, you work hard but its fun work.
Can move up if you become a disciple of Amazon. Monthly bonus as long as you show up for work without using unpaid time which is basically no call no shows that Amazon pardons. I work in AFE which sorts and packs the products so I can say my area is more enjoyable then others. I wish this job was around (our site is less then a year old) when I graduated High School as Amazon pays up to 95% of a $3000 yearly allowance for school and books for four years after you have worked there for one year. For peak (Christmas season) they give out gift cards, tvs, and xboxs etc even though I didnt recieve anything its cool that they did that, but you get alot of Overtime in peak so you miss that check in the later of the year.
Like the 4 day week and availability of overtime.
Nope, nothing I can think of. Pays well but nope, my biggest mistake in my career was to think this could be a nice place to work at. The company will do anything to cut corners, including your annual bonus.
the pay is ok and time off is ok. easy to get hired. co workers are decent people. nothing else.
None really, they try to tell new employees that they will get wonderful benefits and stock shares, but only if you're vested, meaning you have to be there for at least a year.
Employment involvement days, holiday pay and incentives, and fun co-workers.
No Dress Code Chilled out work place
nice people that i worked with
Female co-workers are nice while male co-workers ask a lot of personal questions and don't know boundaries. Feeling harassed by male supervisor who wants me to work faster although I've
Great benefit package. Casual dress good opportunity to grow
No bureaucracy getting in your way to get things done
The benefits, pay, and hours. Plus fast paved enviroment.
-Flexible hours -Free Amazon Swags -Get to meet lots of peope
So much to do...So much to learn. Amazon really cares about their employees, always looking for fun activities to encourage us. Incentives during the holidays were awesome!
Very independent, lots of ownership, high impact
The brand Pride in delivering to customers Smart people all around you Get to experience the feeling of how a fast company is innovating and works from the inside
Amazon is a fun and fast paced environment which is great for career development.
Lots of responsibility given, lots of very smart and enthusiastic people to work with
Great benefits, smart individuals, and awesome campus and building.
Learn a lot Work with some of the smartest people Healthy Competition Always pushed to do better
massive scale , impact, lot of challenges to solve. Seriously you want me to write 100 words ? but we require a minimum total of 100 words to ensure these reviews are helpful to other users. If you're having a hard time thinking of writing topics, you might want to try explaining some of your more positive or negative ratings.
Great benefits, awesome start pay, easy job, HR really works with you, and the company is mother and maternity friendly which is awesome. I personally like the hours, but during peak it can get overwhelming, but we have plenty of PTO/VTO to help set that off. Everyone is friendly, and the facility is super clean and they are always looking for employee feedback which is awesome. I like the Ambassadors, who essentially are there for when you need help or need questions answered. They answer to their best ability, or look for someone who can help you.
I love the people that I work with! The experiences that I have had at this job are invaluable. The work can be strenuous and teadious at times but it is to be expected being that it is a warehouse.
Great environment to work in.
Many areas are either industry-leading (e.g. online retail, AWS) or offer a fairly unique take (e.g. cheap devices backed by the vast Amazon content ecosystem). This creates both a big space to play in and a lot of opportunities to work on features spanning multiple businesses.  Also, very honest about company values. Customer obsession, long-term thinking, and the leadership principles are really how things work (in my experience), not a PR campaign or something.
Lot of learning for the newbies
Good learning opportunities, high exposure, interesting projects
Great benefits, easy work, workers appreciation day.
Above market compensation, world class learning opportunities, networking with talented and ambitious individuals, fantastic resume builder, and more than adequate work benefits.
If you're like me and love being part software developer and part product manager, Amazon is the best place for you. You'll get to own a product from the very beginning to the very end.  My work-life balance is also pretty good, I probably work 40 to 45 hours a week.
Vast majority of employees are of very high quality - thanks to the high hiring bar. Employees here very smart, dedicated to Amazon, and ready to make an impact.
Mostly meritocratic. Management can be convinced to improve software quality with data. Work life balance is fine so long as you insist on it.
* company is focused and driven by innovation * team members are very smart and work for same goals * opportunities for other teams and projects are supported
Smart peers, challenging problems, contributions are valued
Popular, global, growth, momentum, AWS. Perhaps, a good environment for pure java heads, who want to keep being stuck in a cloud.
Good salary and challenging work.
get a chance to learn new technologies, a good start for your first job.
Good compensation, intelligent colleagues, strong engineering practices, exposure to broad range of technologies.
-Great opportunities to move up within the company -Great coworkers -Awesome benefits
Smart Colleagues Innovative Work Environment High level of Ownership
I work with a group of smart engineers. Everyone is friendly and helpful. Even though there is heavy oncall, I learn a lot from it.
Great Salary + Bonus, Solid benefits and smart people. Depending on your role, you can really feel like you're changing eCommerce/Shopping behavior. Great company to have on the resume, and your stock benefits should continue to grow for a while.
It pays on a weekly basis.
Full time, good benefits, and it's better than making minimum wage.
Full-Time Seasonal Associate gets full time hours (10 hours a day, 4 days a week) You receive benefits even as a seasonal associate The pay is $10.75/hour which I think is fair Fixed schedules unlike most retail jobs--yes, it's retail, just in a slightly different form
Many opportunities to solve interesting engineering problems
Relatively easy going atmosphere, includes Dental and Vision Benefits after 90 day probationary period.
Most coworkers are friendly and easy to get along with. Base pay is slightly better than most retailers.
Good Pay Good Benefits !
Very smart and driven co-workers who personify "ownership". Lot of business practices make complete sense such as starting with the customer and working backwards and you really learn how it is done while working here. You will get to experience first-hand what a "darwinian workplace" means, though it certainly won't be a pleasant experience.
Four day work weeks. Paid time off.
The working environment is good.
I love that amazon allows you to work on your ideas and implement them - great company!
Still employed but points dwindling due to not working on the Sabbath which is a scheduled day.
You get insurance the day you start working which is amazing and if used right you accumulate enough hours of personal, unpaid,and vacation to use anytime
Wide variety of career paths available
* Amazon will look good on your resume and will open the doors for many new opportunities (This is the extra star in the review)  * You might like Seattle if you are into nature and outdoors (compare with cons below as well)  * When you say that you work for Amazon people will get excited (if you are not in Seattle of course, see cons about the city below)
Good friendly atmosphere. I really enjoy that I am in charge of my time and can wear what I like.
Good benefits including stock and 401K
Amazon is a great company to work for in this virtual position. It is home-based so the hours are incredibly flexible. You set your own schedule by picking what hours and days you want to work. Team members are helpful and management is readily available.
It was a very interesting position. A good stepping stone. My IT manager was very nice and understanding.
You get insurance the day you start working which is amazing and if used right you accumulate enough hours of personal, unpaid,and vacation to use anytime
The only good thing is the 4-day workweek schedule.
Amazing technologies. Excellent opportunities. Nice benefits. Also you get hands on AWS solutions well.  Growing up in the ladder depends entirely on your skills
I think team members are supportive
Benefits start on day 1 Lots of overtime
- Good place to learn / improve soft skills
job security as a level 1 associate is strong
Employee benefits and hourly pay is great. Not to mention the many different work schedules to choose from.
Work from Home, the ability to laugh about customers who all try to get you to give away the company for the dumbest reasons ever heard.
the pay is pretty good
Innovative culture, smart coworkers, fascinating problems to solve.
good work life balance in the team
casual, high salary, good pay
Work. Lots of it. Always. 90% of the people that you work with are willing and offering to work with you to succeed. The other 10% are looking out for themselves and will destroy you along the way.
Good benefits, good on site lunch store
worked with super smart people doing interesting work
money benefits pto hours games and prizes
Benefits, dogs at the office, banana stand, young/hip employees, super smart colleagues
Travel, friendly environment, flexible work schedule
Good Pay, decent benefits
Lots of smart people, big impact, lots to learn
Great people business, lots of room to grow, lots of room to influence the business
Work with really smart people Lots of job opportunity Freedom to really make change
Growth company (hiring is move fun than laying off) Time flies as there is so much to do Lots of growth opportunity
Lots of smart people. Leadership qualities. Very customer obsessed.
Have fun Make History Career Path Good Benefits Stocks
None That I was awre of.
its no to hard once you get used to it
It is very Easy money, and there are a lot of good benefits available to all associates including vacation time.
Work with very smart people.
Easy Job Very nice people to work with Great managers alot of overtime on holidays very great place to be
Flexible for placement options. Has an emphasis with women for women mentorship. Invest in employee retention.
Good learning experiences, especially for fresh graduate. It is a good platform to weaponize yourself in order to go further and faster later on down your career path.
Competitive Smart people work here
Pay is great, but you pay for it with your life!
Decent pay for a job that requires no skill-set  Plenty of opportunities for time off if you're in school or don't need the money of a full time paycheck
Fast paced, high volume, innovative. Great partnerships with the business you support.
Work with a lot of customer impact.
In my experience, Amazon's leadership principles guide the company. There's emphasis on working backwards from the customer to deliver value, on innovation, and on technical excellence. There's willingness to take risk, and willingness to learn from poor outcomes, rather than look for someone to blame.
Entrepreneurial setup where typically SDMs do a lot more than people management. They create more ideas, work cross team during execution and sometimes even code. Life is demanding is exciting being a SDM and the same time rewarding too!
The job has great pay for employees
Lots of interesting data and data intensive project.
-Great pay -3 consecutive days off -Receive vacation time as soon as you start working -2 paid 15 minute breaks
Good pay, great benefits. phenomenal exercise while working. easy opportunity for advancement due to high turnover
Nice pay and nice to get 40 hours a week
* Smartest people in retail or tech company. * Motivated to change the world. * Fast paced and challenging. * Culture willing to fail. Tremendous * Bezos and Wilke are inspirational. * Truth seeking and candor
rapid grow up in company bar raiser everywhere always look for improvement
If you find the right manager then you can build great products
Challenging environment which requires you to push yourself.
Don't get me wrong, Amazon is a great company to work for. Amazon pay and benefits are above average. If you like the fast pace, ever changing environment, you are young, and straight out of college with no experience this would be a place for you. But, be fair warned there is a price to pay.
Super state-of-the-art tech, you can learn a lot of edge tech and cool practices over here in Amazon.com
Lots of opportunities to learn, move around the company, and shape your role into what you want it to be at one of the most innovative and challenging companies in the world.
Free shares of Stocks vcp compensation payout room to grow. The company is very innovative. Lots of kaizen events to participate in.
Great Audio Products and great team
Want or need work, they have it. The starting pay is what it is if you have a realistic world view and a limited (on paper) education. if you take pride in yourself and by proxy every thing you do then the quotas they expect are met with hard (at least steady) work. None of that, "I will start slow and make up for it" show up to work and... Work! You will have no problems. Haven't been here long enough to comment on promotions. Sure there are cliques, but show me a place where that does not exist. Only difference here is the amount of people so, if you are looking for something wrong you will find it and blame that and not yourself for poor performance. Lots of great people with positive attitudes, lots of poor attitudes as well. "Can't please them all" - also, what world do people live in where cliques and people with similar goals and interests don't congregate together? If the goal is to better themselves, others, and the company then of course they will congregate.
A lot of opportunities around - eventually anyone can find something that is good for him and variety of locations is fantastic as well. It's really cool that company started to promote the culture of internal transfers between different locations.
Great company. Lot's of smart individual talent.
Good coworkers, supportive managers, interesting projects. There's so much going on that there's always more work to do. There's a lot of pointless meetings, as with any big company
Good hours, relaxed dress code,
opportunities are more. You can work on latest technologies
Innovative company with massive brand recognition. Good experience depends on the team you are in. Definitely a great place for a certain type of person: hard worker, self-motivated etc.  The work places are beautiful, regardless of which office you are in.  You know you are driving the future of several different industries, something not many companies can say.
Great advancement opportunities thoughout Amazon. Employee resource center is of great value and if one takes the time to research it is all available to every employee . Fill with so much information any AA could use to their benefit.
* Compensation is par up to the 2 year mark - be prepared for "Total Compensation Package" * We hire smart motivated people - hiring bar is constantly rising * Self directed projects - you find a gap to fill and make it happen, its up to you
"Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome."
Cross trained in all areas of Amazon Fullfillment Center operations. Management respects and nutures development and growth.
No questions asked time off, the leaders have good attitudes
The pay is really great
good pay on campus, gets to do homework, good manager, good location, amazon brand, does a lot of customer service
Challenging, competitive pay, and on the job development
A clean,safe work space that was frequently and precisely managed allowing for a great work experience.
Amazon is a fun, goal oriented place to work. I like to be able to work my own style while achieving results. I am supported in my decisions.
None. Not even worth staying.
Challenging, you get to work with very smart people, get to work with latest technologies, awesome infrastructure and development tools (continuous deployment, monitoring, very helpful internal wiki, you name it)
The high pay makes up for a lot of the negatives
People that work there are amazing
Company is very customer centric. All actions are based on supporting the customer with the fastest most accurate order. Associates have great benefits. Managers are compensated well.
- Flexible Hours - Tremendous amounts of personal ownership in products - Always customer focused (99% of the time) - Personal growth potential is through the roof
Fast moving environment, a lot of teams and projects to work on
A great opportunity to lead teams, and drive production at one of the world's largest retailers. Solid compensation and benefits.
Opportunity to learn many areas of distribution and gain supervisor and teaching experiences for resume
I've been with Amazon for over 8 years, working as an Sr. Software Development Engineer currently on-track to a likely Principal Engineer promotion within a few years.  If you find the right team, both in terms of one which fits your strengths and which has good management, Amazon can be an amazing place to work: The challenges are substantial, the problems interesting, and you can make changes which really make it to the bottom line, not to mention public recognition. I have actually had the experience of a friend saying, "you know, I just discovered something on Amazon," to which I could reply, "Yes, I was one of the key engineers on that project."  Movement within the company is highly encouraged. If I start to feel like I'm "burning out" on a team, there is easy ability to move to a different one. A few loopholes which made it possible for a manager to "hold onto" an employee they didn't want to move were recently closed in a policy update.  I actually find the work-life balance very good, I work roughly 45 hour weeks most of the time, though in the summer probably fall back to 40 (or less) due to outdoor activities (unrelated to work) I participate in. There will usually be a few weeks of the year where I end up working long hours to meet some deadline or deal with an operational issue, but "long hours" are usually in the 55 to 60 hour range. I know there are teams out there which have problems with work-life balance, but honestly, within the company, they are well-known. As such, people with experience within the company avoid those teams like the plague. (Hint: If the team has a name which seems related to the burning of materials, there's a good chance it's one to avoid.)  The longer an organization has existed within the company, the likely better it is to work for. Retail is (more or less) a pretty good place to work, AWS used to be harsh but is getting better, but as you get into the newest big projects, the work can be more suspect. That being said, both Retail and AWS have some fascinating projects.  If you know how to negotiate, you can get a very good salary out of Amazon as an experienced hire, I don't know that college hires have it as easy.
Great pay and benefits and hours, makes the job much better than it seems. Break rooms are always clean and the breaks are great
If you like to do the same thing every day, this is for you.
Lots of overtime if you need it.
Seasonal part time employee is a good way to learn Amazon from the bottom up . Great way to get my foot in door.
Decent pay. Decent work/life balance if you do your job smart and lucky to be in a good team. Retail business lead.
very gud, nice company, nice people
Pay and benefits. Young co workers
Opportunity to learn many areas of distribution and gain supervisor and teaching experiences for resume
+ Stable work + Growing company
No. 1 online retailer in US. AWS is great product.
Lots of opportunity to learn and develop your data analysis skills. Flexible work schedule, which is especially helpful for college students.
Great hours/great year-end bonus/great overtime!!!
Only pros were Money, hours, co workers
- Learn a lot - Get good lesson in corp environment - If you are willing to put up with 90% negative feedback to learn, it is worth it. - Everyone says it is stressful, I found it actually less work than a start up.
Decent pay and good amount of hours.
Really liked working there. Great benefits and pay for relatively easy work. People you work with are amazing and become like family.
Friendly leadership team with active environment for growth, inspiration, and collaboration. I enjoyed my time while this was a good fit for me.
Overall, the people are high quality. It's easy to work a lot if you're very ambitious (which many people are) but I haven't experienced any outside pressure to work crazy hours.
Amazing people and environment depending on what group you work in
A lot of growth potential Decent Pay
1. Now is a good time to work at AWS as the cloud computing domain is evolving 2. Will gain extensive knowledge on distributed systems
Decent starting pay Pretty flexible hours Able to make a lot of overtime
This was a great opportunity to learn more about warehouse work and how Amazon catered to the entire East Coast.
great team work, loved the job
Decent pay, nice co workers, awesome senior management.
great team work, loved the job
Amazon has great reward bonuses for for having good customer service ratings. Decent starting wages and they treat their employees well with drawings/games and parties.
Great work environment, great company to work at!
Great benefits, very smart coworkers. I was pushed and I learned a lot during my time with the company.
Good exercise, I guess. Quitting is easy. Not really much else to say here, I didn't have a great experience.
Amazon tends to hire excellent people who are smart, driven, and collaborative. There is a lot of variety to the IT work including projects and innovation.
Pay is competitive. Schedule flexibility is unmatched in the work from home arena. Support is great. Large enough for internal transfers and great coordination within the company. Onboarding program was well compensated and a great signing bonus.
Sole business owner & autonomy. You are given complete ownership of your category.
Flexible hours and weekly pay period
Corporate employees are treated as humans and have some semblance of work/life balance.
Great pay. Full time hours plus over time when you want it. Managers are very friendly and reconginze you when you meet rate. Do well and get rewarded.
If management leaves you alone to get some work done, it's a fantastic place to be employed. Excellent coworkers, very knowledgeable people.
Ok If you are a warehouse worker.
Easy to network. Met some of the greatest mentors there who truly care about people. Ownership and creativity is encouraged and I really liked that.
Good Pay, good benefits, growth potential with caveats
Best people in the world - they don't hire dummies. Plenty of hills to climb and dragons to slay, you'll never be bored. The NYT article was right and that's a good thing.
Plenty of room for growth. As a PT employee once converted over to an Amazon employee, you get some medical benefits. Pay is competitive compared to other companies.Every 90 days, you get UPT which is Unpaid Time.
Ever challenging environment and expanding business to learn from.  Have to stay on your toes and ensure you understand a subject holistically.
Competitive compensation, pursuing opportunities internally is encouraged. Professionally courteous and respectful. For high functioning individuals who want their potential "squeezed" out of them, this is the place. High turnover and short tenure is the norm due to burnout.
Level of compensation, benefits are good
If person has technical skill, it would be fun.
- you have an opportunity to apply to switch ur shift or dept (criteria applies and not many ppl get it,but it happens) - only Co that gives u 20 hrs of unpaid time off,to use how/whenever u want 4 times a year. -if ur terminated cause you went over your 20 hrs (but your rate and quality are good and hv no recent write ups) they will hire u back. -drug test is a mouth swab-easiest one to cheat. - -
Stock options, pay, supportive training
You get a vast knowledge on how the Fulfillment center works and how to perform every function
Fast pace. Not very political. Can do whatever you want to do.
Love working with them, empower agents to do many things for customers without escalation to management and with minimal oversight, loved it
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new.
The Money is the only good thing
The people you work with become like family
New technology. You will be trained to work under stress.
Best Tech Engineers and Tech problems Speed of business is amazing and fast, lots to learn
The work days were really long, and I learned how to pick and pack. The managers were good, they always found ways to keep us up beat and going. Most of the co workers were nice and very helpful if you had questions about the jobs. The hardest part of the job was the long shifts, and kind of short breaks for the ten hour days. I really enjoyed the fast pace work.
Pay and benefits are very competitive.
The pros are: able to voluntarily go home when there is minimum work (VTO) and you don't have to call and explain anything to anyone when you need to call out or you are going to be late for work as long as you have the available time to use
Plenty of work, people around you are always friendly. The break rooms are always stocked with goodies to eat.
pay good, friendly people, nice off days, take off when you want to.
Pay Nice people Good management Good help
Getting paid to work on some interesting projects (in between some really crappy ones). There are some start-up-like groups within the company that launched interesting experiments.
They offer stock to employees after 2 years
I was in Seattle, it was a very good experience for interns here. I was in a department has very good work life balance. My teammates most of the time works 8 hours everyday and we had a lot of recreational activities after work. I went to watch a base ball with my mentor played some board game at my managers house etc, etc. There might be someone saying that Amazon is a terrible company to work at, I will not deny that some team has terrible work-life balance, but at least the team I worked at is not one of that kind.
Smart and driven colleagues, with a culture to push the limits. Most everything you work on is new, with a challenging problem to solve.
This job is real fun, as it enables you to interact with college students all day. When it's busy, you're moving constantly and it is very satisfying work helping out customers, as they are almost always happy to be in here and get their products. Coworkers are all great, including all managers/higher ups. Very flexible hours during busy times, interesting field to get a glimpse into. Great pay for a college student.
Its leadership principles create well rounded individuals and keep the focus on the right things
Treated me like family. Everyone took great pride in their work
Great location Big company name recognition was proud to work for them
working in some orgs can be life changing events. They will make you a hot-commodity inn your specific area
Get to work with smart people and cool systems
Smart colleagues. Great Opportunities. Big impact.
A place good for learning, good for new grads
Great fast paced environment oozing with growth potential.
Advancement, benefits, training, development, flexibility
- All about execution and getting things done - Fun place to work - Great people to work with - Innovative - great place to learn
Amazon is a great company and has a lots of new projects for each team.
great diversity and really friendly people to work with.
Salary, Challenge, Leader in Industry
Extremely talented people. Very thorough and fast decision making. Flat organizational structure giving you great access to leadership. Organization focus is always delivering best in class work output, no matter what the situation.
pay can be a little above minimum wage
Fast paced environment offering great growth potential. Good challenging technical problems to solve. Smart people to work with and learn from.
Great environment good pay good management
great benefits for this place
Work in your pajamas, manage your own hours to work, and my house has never been cleaner! Great atmosphere and overall a great job for stay at home parents.
Hard work and very rewarding. Can pursue projects that you find valuable, and really own process to improve tasks at hand.
We have really good benefits.
- Very challenging assignments - Smart colleagues - The opportunity to think big and make an impact
A great place to meet people from all different backgrounds
Pay was extremely good for starting
Good environment and challenging deadlines and look for the smartest way to complete the project and meet deadlines and solve the issues.
Good hours, great benefits, above average pay for labor work.
They suck end of story management team needs help so easy ways to prove them wrong no dress code they hire anyone with a pulse
Great work place, good people, good benefits
The company as a whole has a great philosophy concerning leadership. The obsession over it's customers is real.
Challenging, collaborating with smart people, opportunities to learn
Set work schedule, advancement opportunities
Innovative, rapid growth, and a worldwide leading brand. Great opportunities and you actually take pride in the company name you work for. You meet and work with very talented individuals, networking with diverse professionals from various backgrounds. It is very military friendly: recruits many veterans and works well with reservists.
Talented group of highly motivated individuals
Surrounded by extremely smart people day in and day out. Amazing opportunity to grow and develope both yourself and career.
Started out as a good place to work, permanent employees get health insurance, retirement options, and restricted stock units
It's the only big software company headquartered in Seattle. There is no commuting to the east side, and the vast majority of projects are based here, so there are a lot of interesting challenges. Big, gnarly projects where you can really stretch yourself, and if you find one that you are passionate about, and which doesn't get killed out from under you, it can be great.
The pay is decent, there's plenty of training, was able to work from home, chat rooms everyday for fun and help, room for advancement.
Exposure to senior management and a good learning experience.
- The company lives and breathes the 14 leadership principles.  It's really great to be surrounded by extremely smart, highly-competent people who have similar values and work ethics.
Easy low stress if your a good worker people will like you ..... Always hirring full time
When you're on a good team, you'll have a lot of opportunity to step up and grow. Working on new projects is fun.
Weekly pay. The people are friendly. It's a straight forward job, you go in, do what you're supposed to and leave. The hours were ok.
The people are interesting and learning to adapt to variable shifts.
Not much to say here. They are just great. Exactly what you would expect from this company.
Love working here. Everybody is smart, driven, and excited to create the next big thing.
Insurance, not much else is all that noticeable. Just don't come here expecting much.
Great benefits offered out of pay
An amazing amount of personal responsibility and flexibility within roles and across teams. If you are interested in something, you can almost bet Amazon is in that business and has a role for you.
Awesome benefits, great life and work balance, awesome associates
4 day work week is nice
They're close to public transit and restaurants. They have great name recognition
Good money and benefits, lots of opportunity cause people quit often
There is a good scope of learning. Contrary to popular belief, one can exercise a good work/life balance. But as always it is very subjective. It is my strong belief that working for one year at Amazon is equivalent to what you learn at Microsoft in two-three years. This is mainly due to very diversified array of tools and products you need to work on. If not master of one, Amazon will certainly force you to be Jack of many.
When you venture into a job with Amazon, you are likely not going to be prepared for what you experience. Amazon is a place where you will have very challenging work for a very good cause, customer experience. I have a career of working in the customer service business and I've learned more and achieved more in my time with Amazon than with any other organization.  People are passionate about the work which does result in sometimes heated conversations, but those conversations are all grounded on one thing, "What is the best experience for customers?" It is refreshing to go into discussions with this same grounding as it enables you to walk out of the room and know the debate was not personal towards an individual, but focused on doing the right thing for our customers.  I also appreciate the focus on excellence in written communication. I have learned even more about the power of the written word than I knew coming into the company. By applying your focus to writing a document, you enable a clarity of thought that isn't seen through power point. Writing in a narrative format forces you to think critically about your proposal or update and forces you to think about the questions that others will have on your document. While it may be a painful adjustment in the beginning, you will quickly realize the value and will never want to go back!  The last big Pro to working at Amazon is that you never know what's going to happen next. In my time with the company I've seen us grow from a retailer to disruptor in the reading industry to disruptor in the tablet industry to a disruptor in the creation of digital content to who knows what is next to disrupt. It is very exciting to work for a company that is constantly evolving and becoming a bigger part of the digital ecosystem while also challenging conventional thoughts about any industry.
I noticed when Amazon outsourced its customer service, it is a bit challenging but working directly with the company is much better. Employees are #1 to them.
The pay is good for most of the positions in the facility. Healthcare on site. Lots of full-time opportunities with benefits. Overtime during peak season is good money.
If you want to work in a big company, have a good career pass, get good training, it should be your option.
I work with some of the smartest people I have ever been exposed to. I am challenged daily and inspired monthly. If you have the right writing skills, you can do almost anything to fried business and innovate.
cool, benefits, nice, pay, people
Full-time hours and benefits, night and day shift availability, waterfall scheduling, three-day weekends
Good money and benefits, lots of opportunity cause people quit often
- Decent benefits that start automatically - Work is not difficult as many falsely believe - VTO when available for select associates - Pay (while not amazing) is still competitive - Overall a better long term job than a career for most
people are nice, lots to learn, flexible
Money Impact Working on the Front end of Technology
PTO VTO Benefits Being able to do voluntary overtime if you'd like. Decent schedule only 4 days a week. My area manager was awesome
The convenience from working from home.
Four day work schedule, benefits
My site had great leadership in both my AM peers and the senior site leadership.  The position challenges you to grow your leadership skills by gaining the trust of your employees.
Great growth potential and the company is constantly growing which allows for movement in different fields within the network.
Amazon actually cares about its associates. Great place to work
Great work environment, fast paced, dogs, intelligent and hardworking humans
Best thing working at Amazon is the great career growth you will witness, very competitive compensation, challenging work and industry leading technology. You are also surrounded by very talented people and are always learning from them
This job is NOT for lazy people. If you r not afraid to work hard then u will b rewarded. Work 10 hours 4 days a week. Wiyb 3 days off!!!
Startup Feel, Fun Environment, Great Company
Good growth and good ownership overall
Time off, good bonuses monthly
Everything you look for in a company. Just apply and you will see for yourself that this is a super wonderful place to work
Amazon offers an opportunity to excel in an ever-changing, fast paced environment. Benefits including full medical, dental, vision as well as tuition assistance (95% paid upfront). My experience at Amazon has been noting short of fantastic. I have been able to excel and advance in one of the most competitive environments I have ever known.
great environment traninng is perfect good hours breaks
Amazon was a great company to work from home for. They offer above minimum wage and have an awesome training team and program (even with all my internet problems starting out) the only reason i no longer work for them is because I chose a different WAH company under the impression of them being a better career in the long run and boy was I so wrong! If you are a mom without much time or you just want to be closer involved in your childs milestones or school. ..working for amazon will be one if the best decisions you make.
you got to keep a past of 8 seconds or less to a rate of 300 or you are let go
Good benefits and well compensated
Dog-friendly office Flexible day start/end times Opportunities for a lot of overtime hours
Good money four day work week friendly people good overtime it's kinda okay it's not a to of a bad job.
Travel, work with smart people
Easy money, pretty easy work.
leadership principle Effectiveness. we get things done.
leadership principle Effectiveness. we get things done.
Autonomy and Ownership--you get to run a lot of the projects you suggest!
Grueling hours and a highly political environment provide a learning experience for those have not experienced the extreme situation at Amazon.
Working for AWS has been the highlight of my career thus far. I've spent more than 4 years at the company - with a short break in the middle. So many learning opportunities in this company and opportunities to make a difference at all levels. Despite being a larger company there is plenty of chance to be impactful whether you're in the field, in engineering, or sales and marketing roles. The rate of change in the business has been exponential over these past years and being part of that growth has been eye opening. The company tends to be pretty flat and really live its leadership principles. It's a very common theme for people to think they're just put up on a wall for people to read - but they're not - they really are interwoven into everything that people do. The customer obsession vs. competitor obsession is refreshing to someone like me who has spent a bunch of time in the tech industry. A generally humble company which is always looking to improve and do the right thing for customers. Also like the fact that nothing is beneath people in the company - a stark difference to other companies where "execs" are considered unapproachable and aloof. Most approachable group of senior execs I have ever encountered. When I left AWS I missed it intensely and was pleased to return. I think it's a transformational environment and one that changes you and has developed and improved me to a pretty incredible degree. Very lucky to have had a lot of the experiences that I have had.
Full time, flexible hours of work
The training was top notch, benefits were great, and there is plenty of room to grow within the company.
Get a chance to lose weight.
full time hours and good pay
+ working with the brightest and best minds in the business + operating at a scale not found many other places + focus on customer is key to all decision making, streamlines processes + access to unreal amounts of data to guide business decisions + high % of compensation is stock based, which has yielded strong returns over the life of the company + no ceiling for strong performers + overall compensation is competive
Good exposure to work culture
You will appreciate every job after Amazon.
You will never be challenged as much, move as fast or fail as often as you will here. Commitment to excellence is very high
LOTS of opportunity due to high manager turnover. Lots of stock options and great pay during non-peak season Always a project to be worked on, you are never done learning
Great Benefits, decent pay. Supervisors, and coworkers are very friendly. They look out for employees
ambitious fast pace wide scope
Company has some amazing challenges in distributed systems and infrastructure engineering. Managers and teams are friendly but the workplace can get challenging at times.
Great pay, one of the big fives on the resume to show off.
From my experience at other large tech companies, I'd say that Amazon stands out as being challenging. At other tech companies, you may have more vacation days. At other tech companies, you may have more perks. What you are unlikely to have at another tech company is a role which allows you to stretch yourself to the limits.  I've repeatedly heard and agree that at Amazon, you'll have a role similar in scope to a role occupied by 6 people at Microsoft (for example). You'll have to drop 80% more things on the ground to be able to stay sane considering any reasonable person would say a team should do the job you're doing solo.  On the other hand, this means that assuming you are (or become) great at time management, you get to have influence over a significantly larger portion of the company than you could otherwise.  I'd also say that Amazon is significantly more excited at getting into every type of business imaginable. We have an extremely active process for any good idea which can lead to "Sure, we'll fund that new business". Take all the AWS services for example. This is much more true than was my experience at Facebook or Microsoft, where it was significantly less likely to move forward.  I also feel you have a great amount of control at Amazon over your personal work experience. Some people work 12 hour days, always say "yes" when new work comes up, and they're surprised when they end up burnt out. Others can work consistent 8 hour days, still move their careers ahead, yet have learned those crucial prioritization/"no" skills. Working from home, working odd hours, doing internal extra-curricular activities/projects.. all within the control of someone who's excited to be involved and do things.  Career growth is only limited to your own abilities. I've seen over the years some great people rocket upwards in the company, always being stretched by their management chain because they've proven capable of taking on more. I love that Amazon is growing so much (across so many types of businesses) that it is up to an individual to decide how/where/when they'll grow their career.
The values by which Amazon runs are simple yet powerful. The culture of "Always focus on the inputs" and "innovation" is what makes Amazon innovate year after year. It is worth spending a few years at Amazon to understand and learn this culture.  Scale is mind boggling. Definitely a learning experience.  People are extremely talented and smart. Lots to learn from colleagues.
High career ceiling. They'll keep you moving up if you have the right drive
Interesting, Fast Paced environment that will push you. Benefits.
steady paycheck biweekly, and a lot of mandatory overtime
- You will learn a lot and grow your career quickly.  - Always opportunities to take on new responsibility  - A lot of smart people to be working with.
Your experience may vary.
Great benefits from the beginning
Take time off when you need and have hours to. Pay isn't bad for the work done. 4 day work schedule Overtime available
Nice office, dogs in the office, compensation is very competitive, very smart people working there
Great pay and good benefits
Paid every week-Always work available.
talented colleagues, good benefits, nice working environment
Good work environment, great safety procedures, good pay and benefits
-Friendly managers and staff -Hourly pay is good, with possibilities for overtime during peak season -UPT/Vacation/and UPT -Working from home has been the biggest benefit
good company to work for
*If you are on the right team, you have so much room for growth and advancement. *You get to see the inside of how amazing things are built *Decent benefits and pay, they even recently added parental leave for both parents.
Day shift managers are understanding and care about the well being of their lower tiered employees. If there is any malfunction in equipment or hazardous situation in the building, they will quickly shut down that area and deal with the issue.
lost 50 lbs in 3 months
Great way to make money during the peak season.
none that i can recall
Amazing people an great opportunities
Fair place, reasonable hours, chances for professional growth
Very decent pay for young workers
Good place to work and learn alot.
High-profile company filled with extremely smart people, driven to solve problems, large teams and tons of fun in Seattle
You negotiate your pay and stock options. Opportunity to grown within
Working as a team being around people having fingering paid every week
It's easy to get hired. They don't discriminate. Will hire anyone with high school diploma. The pay is biweekly and it is always on time. A few paid hours and vacation hours if fulltime employee.
Of the Company - Decent benefits, Stable Company, Education Reimbursement (but only for Associates Degree or Training Program ?) ( NOT SURE IF ITS WORTH IT THOUGH!)
Very results driven culture where you see see your impact  Work with bright people, very easy for internal transfer, which opens up many opportunities such a big, and fast growing company can offer.  Stock price ever increasing so compensation has been competitive.  Strong, recognized experience if you look for a job change
making your own schedule is great
Decent warehouse job for the area. Nothing is that difficult and the pay is ok. I got along with co workers easily. overtime is a possibility.
A very innovative company. Quick to make changes and a fast paced environement
Most amazing and innovative company on the planet
Paid time off, unpaid time off, vacation time, and good benefits. Plus you get a bonus every other check so that's a plus.
The future of cloud computing, amazing resources, and a huge sandbox. Very flexible work schedules too
This is a company that is great to work for. They are constantly challenging you to perform and finding different ways to stay motivated. They treat every day as a new challenge.
Easy to work with schedule, Friendly Managers, Relatively Stress Free Work Load, Offer A Great Deal Of Perks To Employees During Thee Holiday Season.
great experience, good opportunities to grow with the company
learned a lot and nice work experience
opportunity ,insight, data, training, guidance
A is a Quick company, I could learn a lot, there are quite a lot charming products.
I have no comment on this job
Worked here for 9+ years. In my past 9 years, I worked on various large scale systems like building a cloud based call center solution, warehouse automation and optimization and even solving travelling salesman problem at logistics. If you are really into computer science and building system that scales, Amazon has a lot of opportunities
I was an SDE I at amazon for 1.5 years. The projects are at amazon scale, and the resources exist to tackle any problem. There are many smart engineers who bring valuable industry experience to their designs and feedback. Generally meetings were productive. Career advancement opportunities exist if you are proactive about finding them.
You get lots of overtime opportunities, Amazon gives all full time employees two shares of stock, and you only work a four day work week, you get a 25 cent raise every 6 months up to $1.50 from salary in which you started
Consistent hours and great people to work with
The money is decent, especially around peak season.
Super smart people around almost in every team
Phenomenal growth for a cutting edge industry leader should mean uncapped career potential.
Great benefits, competitive pay, manage your own time off, earn rewards, overtime, clean bathrooms and cafeterias, college reimbursement, security, employee stock options, 4 day work shifts
Great benefits. Amazing attendance policy and lots of paid time off and vacation time available as soon as you start.
Great Pay Friendly coworkers company benefits mandatory overtime during holidays
Even though it was work-at-home job, you will have a lot of time interacting with leadership team (meetings, chats, etc,.) It was fun experience.
Position pays more than most retail jobs. You learn several areas of warehousing such as receiving pallets, stowing merchandise and bin counts.
Fast-paced environment. Customer obsession is number 1 Great opportunity to do on your own and build processes, implement changes, etc Competitive salary for skills required
Flexible hours and an employee discount.
Time off is abundant. 48 hours Paid time, 8 days Unpaid time, Vac 1st yr - 1 week, 2nd yr - 2wks
I worked at the Local fulfillment center in Tampa as a seasonal hire. You'll be working 5x11 shifts so be prepared for that. Use your sick days wisely. It must be said that all of the managers i met were very nice and understanding.
They offer good benefits from day one. The wages are decent. Plenty of perks offered throughout the year. They do offer vacation, personal time and also unpaid time off.
You get to learn a lot in Amazon.
Work from home, benefits, PTO, Sick Time.
Motivating, intelligent, team, ahead, the best
Free coffee and hot cocoa.I was paid seventeen dollars an hour during the holidays
Great company, good technology exposure, good ownership model and usually the teammates are smart and nice and projects are impactful.
Meeting new people, pay is ok
Rewarding work environment that pushes you to learn and grow quickly.
fast growing company with a lot of potential
As much or as little work as you want. You can make your own hours.
The growth of the company provides dozens of opportunities if you're in a function that directly impacts customers.
Easy to do with a bit of a learning curve in order to make money. Items sell by themselves as opposed to a brick and mortar presence.
Smart people and cutting edge practices.
Challenging work environment, huge opportunity for growth, competitive pay, and great benefits. If you like seeing results and being recognized as the worldwide leader in operations, supply chain mgmt, and working for a Fortune 50 company like Amazon, then this is the perfect opportunity for you.
I love the intensity, dedication, and energy we all had to put in to make sure every family got what they needed. It has been the most rewarding job I have ever had. It made me feel good when we got done with shipping out all of our orders and breaking records.
Incredible employees who work very hard no less than 7 days a week. There's always someone willing to support and help you on a project and to challenge you and push you to be better.  Free pizza and beer on Fridays and coffee
Meet alot of nice people Give aways during peak season
The Amazon environment is ever changing and you'll have a lot of opportunity to own many aspects of the business.
Good rotation program after mba school. Some group may be demanding but you have lots to learn and improve.
Lots of opportunities for lateral movement.
You get to work at home and set your own hours. Also you do get health benefits after 90 days. And there is an employee discount of 10%. Not very much though.
Amazon is a customer centric organization that is focused on exceeding the needs of its customers. Employees have the opportunity to develop products and services in an org that rewards innovation and bar raising performances.
cohesiveness of the teams, good managers and strong work ethics of all Facilities Techs
Pay, Benefits, PTO, VTO, 4 days on 3 days off
they truly care about their employees.
- steady work - 4 days a week FT 3 days off - good medical benefits - monthly production and attendance bonuses - advance from the inside - lots of small things that make this place unique + always expanding and evolving as a company
Big company, famous company, can learn lots of things to improve myself
They hire smart, and they pay for hard work
They take employee safety very seriously and I both enjoyed and appreciated the stretching warm-ups we would take on breaks and before shifts. There's a nice sense of camaraderie. The pay is great, including the over-time.
Most managers are nice and helpful, Since company mostly offers entry level part time positions, employees have a god work/life balance. Every day is a little different and there is always something to do. The facilities are pretty clean overall.
It is a very large and organized company to work for.
Medical benefits were very nice , 80 hours of Unpaid time a year , up to 160 hours vacation ( 1.6 hours a paycheck-biweekly) ,40 hours of Paid time a year .Great core values for progression , Amazing co-workers, Causal dress code, Stocks . Voluntary Time Off
Lots of opportunity to move internally
Exciting place to work Some great managers Some good opportunities Stock Healthcare
Great Company, Great HR, Great Management
The work hours is very cool
If you work hard, don't take Unpaid Time (yes they give you unpaid time) you will get your hourly wage plus a bonus of at least 4% EVERY MONTH. For me, that is an extra $75 a month...just for showing up to work and not taking UPT.
Healthcare, Dental and Vision Insurance is the best I have ever had in 40 years of working with numerous companies that provided insurance. Amazon provides the lowest cost for family insurance that I know of.
Opportunities to get what you want out of your career.
Looks great on your resume, conversation topic for future interviews. Great for people just starting out on their careers
Very easy work to do
Amazon provides divers unique opportunities for personal and career growth, networking capabilities, travel, and learning & development.
Working in a climate controlled environment, casual dress code. Large break room with TVs and vending machines. Lots of open communication between management and regular employees daily
The pros at Amazon are that you will never find yourself bored and wondering what you could be doing. The work is always plentiful and provides challenges to work through.
I really enjoyed working at due to the fact that I enjoy working more then 8 hours, I liked my job and the employees, there are two shifts: morning and evening, so you can pick according to your flexibility!
Awesome place that is doing some incredible things. I love working here. Work hard have fun and make history is really what they ask of you.
Everyone is working on things that matter to customers. Amazon thinks about the long term, when things go wrong or are unsuccessful, we mine the experience for lessons to be learned and move forward. Amazon recognizes that failure is inevitable, it rewards individuals that learn quickly and iterate from failure.
Great team, great pay, great hours (always 40 or less), and nice to be around so many smart people.
Flexible Hours - I can start my day when ever I want. Lots of opportunities to add projects outside of my usually scope of work. I have an awesome manager who tells (and shows!) me regularly that I am valued. I work with great people! There is a culture of wanting to achieve great things. I love working with others who also take pride in what they do and care about our customers. The South Lake Union area is really pretty, I like being close to the city. I get to travel for work! I have been to Europe three times since I started.
Good pay great benefits , cool chances to win prizes that's about t
great pay at starting at 13.25 an hour. very flexible hours
Lots of opportunities to learn and move around. Some really awesome people, the downside of which is, they don't stay at Amazon.
Overall it was pretty good.
Overall it was pretty good.
nice people, made it fun during peak season and they have good benefits
Nice frienly working environment. people are pretty smart and they value communication
I love working for a company customers love. Every time someone learns I work for Amazon I hear a story about why they love Prime or their Kindle. Many people also have great stories about customer service going above and beyond. This is vastly different from other companies I've worked at where the first priority was profit and cool tech regardless of what customers wanted.  I also like the clear guidelines about career, expectations at each level and parallel tracks for Individual Contributors vs Managers. This isn't one of those companies where you have to become a manager at some point if what you are is a really skilled Engineer.  Amazon really follows their Leadership Principles. These aren't platitudes but goals and ideals that drive how we do our work, how we work with others and how we design our products every day.  Some really great people work here and we work on some pretty cool things, which makes coming to work something to look forward to instead of a daily grind.
The opportunity for advancement is abundant here at Amazon
Salary and stock option are top tier and can boost your personal savings. The on-boarding process allows for a unique opportunity to travel.
Amazon provides a dynamic and agile work environment in a growing industry. Opportunities abound to move around within the company.
The physicality of warehouse work is a pro. If you're looking for a paycheck to speedwalk and curl boxes of various weights, look no further.
fun work most of the time
The money is good and the benefits not bad.
Great benefits and world class experience
The best reason is it is not minimum wage and the work is super simple. Anyone can work here. The hours are throughout the day and you get lots of time off.
Focused on results. Strong business. Diverse business. Lightweight development process. Lots of smart people. Great benefits. Great pay. Seattle is a great city to live and work in.
Have several family members working here. Good base pay, starting hours are good. A half hour lunch. Really good coworkers. Nice management.
As a Tier 3 in a fulfillment center, it's been a rewarding experience. You have a lot of tools to help you succeed, if you know how to look for it. There are mentor programs, 'leadership' classes, the career choice program, etc. I've always been fortunate in my management!
It is an income
It's impressive how much responsibility and opportunity you're given compared to comparable career levels at other companies. That are lots of big projects. I've had the opportunity to launch new devices and entirely new online retail shopping experiences internationally. The energy rivals any start-up I've been in during my career - but we never have to worry about making payroll!
* a place where builders build. I've designed and built some enormous systems, doing difficult tasks. * lots of smart people * you can see your impact on the company's bottom (or top depending on where you work) line.
Innovation, continued focus on positively impacting customers, autonomy (and accountability) to make critical decisions, work with and learn from incredibly smart people.  At Amazon, you can learn how to create a start-up and turn good ideas for real-world problems into reality. The leadership principles drive a great work culture if you understand the spirit behind them (and this is key!).
fun work most of the time
Innovation, continued focus on positively impacting customers, autonomy (and accountability) to make critical decisions, work with and learn from incredibly smart people.  At Amazon, you can learn how to create a start-up and turn good ideas for real-world problems into reality. The leadership principles drive a great work culture if you understand the spirit behind them (and this is key!).
Getting to solve technical problems at scales that do not exist elsewhere. Working with some of the smartest people on the planet
Great company to continue your education
Good medical benefits, VCP (a form of profit sharing), stock in the company (restricted until you have 2 years as an amazon employee), and various raffles and gift card giveaways for tier 1 employees, vacation time, personal time (paid and unpaid) that is accrued over time
The people are intelligent and down to earth, you get a lot of exposure, and are able to make decisions that affect millions of customers
For the most part, you are in control of what you are doing. You don't get micromanaged a lot. At the end of the day you will be able to see if you won or lost based on how you ran the shift and what variables you had to deal with. There is not a lot of bureaucracy or red tape and things move very quickly. The day also goes by very fast. You walk out the door at the end of the day knowing exactly what you accomplished.  Salary is pretty good. Opportunities for advancement do exist and it doesn't take forever to have a chance at moving up. Lots of other opportunities for lateral movement in between different departments. Also lots of opportunity to move around the country if you like to relocate. You get to learn a lot very quickly. They encourage movement from one job to the next.  Interacting with the associates can be challenging but you can develop some good relationships and help them succeed. The problem though is that there is very little room for them to move upward and most of them realize it so it can be a challenge to motivate them.  There are lots of weeks where you get 3 days off. Most area managers work Weds to Sat or Sun to Weds outside of Peak. Unless mandatory OT is called for the associates you will usually get 3 days off which helps you recover from the intensity of the work week.
Flexible work hours, wide access to resources, fast moving, intelligent coworkers, casual dress attire, very efficient, not may bureaucratic obstacles
Technology, company structure, scale. SDE teams are encouraged to operate like startups while leveraging the power of a robust and active internal technology stack
Challenging environment full of smart people Everything is fast paced, critical decisions are made on a daily basis. Great for your career if you are able to work and give good results at amazon
Nice pay, knowledgeable staff, I had a great manager.
Excellent pay, and health benefits. Depending on your organization, the work culture could be stress free. Peers are technically excellent and the hiring committee makes sure of that.
Working with smart people who were always working to improve things. I also enjoyed being part of a winning team.
I liked my bosses and people I worked with. Hourly pay was decent for not needing any experience. It filled a need for a few months and wasn't a big deal when I quit,
Great place to work! Good Salary! Good Compensation Can grow within the company Plenty of opportunities to lead
You need to be very self driven. There is very little hand holding here. A lot of respect for innovative thinkers who drive projects.
Plenty of perks. Very flexible with scheduling. No one on one interviews.
Good Culture. Used to have lot of parties for interns.
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
The pay isn't so bad. And the benefits are pretty good as well. Co workers are the only thing that kept me there.
You get to work on very cool things, with a lot of responsibility and ownership, in a fast paced and exciting environment. You are in the center of all things happening in technology today.
It has good salary. And the environment is good.
nice check, nice PTO . its ok
Amazon is stoked with bright people, a reasonably fast pace, ever growing and expanding business, and a vibrant startup culture. Over the years, a lot of rough edges have been smoothed, and if you're on the right team (there are many great teams), it is a great career experience. The fact that Amazon obsesses over customers tends to filter out the ego maniac managers and rude people (if they can get hired by Amazon on other merits). Over time, those folks don't survive, because they end up doing things that negatively impact customers. Amazon has added extra opportunities for guest lecturers on a variety of deep technical and scientific topics.
Great place to work and to develop.
I get to choose what hours and days I want to work. Pay is very high for an entry level job and everyone gets along.
good pay, works with my school schedule, lots of opportunities to grow within the company
Awesome hours and had to cover multiple locations. Nice perks, but could always be better.
The name on your resume, it tends to impress people and gets you in the door to a lot of places
competitive pay. amazon discount. no micro management
Competitive compensation, work with smart people, bring dogs to work, drink at work (you'll need it)
Great benefits and pay, however you are paid on a monthly basis if you can manage that schedule.
Good place to work for young people
Great Leaderships Principals, Customer obsession
High IQ employees, always learning, being at the edge of innovation
Unrated tasks Use you brain Great benifits
I like this job because I'm scheduled to work overnight. I've been in the cs field for a long time and this is cs too but you don't have to talk to anyone. I work on the receiving line so I just scan boxes all night.
Great people, great management, great benefits! Many opportunities for advancement.
Company offers nice stock options if you can manage to stick it out long enough to get them. Nice telework options, but seems to be arbitrary as to who can exercise this benefit.
Work is easy, Meeting new people
Very good pay. There was a lot of physical labor and strict working conditions, but well worth the time.
The hours and the pay has been worth it.
Rapid growth potential, Hands-on leadership experience, clear culture and corporate values
Great Pay Great Benefits Worked with some really nice people
Decent pay considering there aren't really any prerequisites for the job. Some positions will even pay for a minimum number of hours per week, so you'll still get a decent check on slow weeks.  The leadership at my site did seem to reward associates who demonstrated a lot of "hustle". You can coast by doing the bare minimum, but hard work will get you on a first-name basis with the managers, which puts you at the front of the line for the less dull positions at the site, and it also gives you a line of defense if your performance is put into question.  The job makes for a good workout, particularly if you can get in on some of the more scarce positions like unloading trucks.  Great part-time job for students.
Great benefits! Healthcare,dental,vision, 401k,monthly peformance/attendance bonuses,. Opportunities for advancement and overtime! Lots of extra perks!
Good location, work atmosphere, nice colleagues and team! I learned a lot here. Good work and life balance.
Great company, awesome product and culture!
Take Warehouse associate ideas Move hard-workers up throughout the company.
it was a good multinational working environment
Intellectually challenging and smart people to work with
I was able to move up within 7 months and get into human resources. Getting into human resources has helped me get a better look at what a true career is.
I'm a recruiter for the eCommerce Platform group, and love it here. As a tech recruiter, I'm hiring software engineers and managers, PMs, support engineers and data engineers.  What I love most about my job are the great people I work with, and the work life balance. I have a great relationship with the engineering managers, Directors and VPs I work closely with, and they understand what it means to partner with recruiting (not just point fingers). I also have a fun time with my colleagues, and enjoy working with them, and trust them to have my back.  I was surprised what a great work life balance is really possible here. I only work more than 40 hours when I really want to, no one pushes me to work overtime. I have been able to come in late or leave early as needed as I have children. I have also had no issue with taking a week off at a time, or longer as needed.  At the same time, after 1.5 years here, am ready to be challenged and have volunteered for more challenging recruiting, training and leadership projects, which I have been given. Long story short, work life balance is what you make of it here.
Nice work culture Lot of opportunities to grow
Alright pay, good benefits, great work environment, sometimes it can be a fun and exciting atmosphere, always overtime available if you want to take advantage of it
good compensation and smart people
Working with many different people and products. You get the opportunity to voice your opinions on subjects that matter to you and someone will actually follow up with you. Different shift patterns and different days so it makes it somewhat flexible.
it is a good company and comfortable
-Amazon varies greatly depending on which org you are in. -Up to you how hard you want to work. -Lots of cool projects popping up all the time.
The pay is good compared to other places. The work its self isn't hard and could potentially be a really good place to work if they weren't so quick to fire damn near every body
Good Pay & Benefits, Nice peers on the team, smart people
It is a some what tight nit community, and they also seem to really care about you. They also care about making sure everyone is safe and comfortable. There was no tolerance for messing around with the machines.
Intelligent coworkers, good company location, and good salaries.
Amazing work culture and great career path
Much to learn, much to learn, much to learn. Colleagues and managers are very nice.
good pay meeting new people all the time getting train in different jobs
Pay is very good with the shares and benefits.
They offer some good benefits and the pay is decent starting out,depending on your area. They provide paid maternity leave as well as continuing education benefits.
Good training place for an engineer
An opportunity to work with some of the smarter people around. Coworkers are generally very helpful and forthcoming.
Pay is great if you overlook the complete lack of work/life balance, opportunity for advancement within the company - good luck promoting out of this building. Sr management will go behind your back to stop you from moving to another building
Benefits (1st day of employment) They pay for you to go to school You get paid time, vacation, and unpaid hours
Great hours, flexible with class schedule
Fast Paced, Friendly Management and a Nice Facility with top of the line break and computer room.
We had personal time, we sometimes received cola cash where we can buy stuff from the store inside of amazon.
Pay is good and the people are in the same boat as you just some like to b/s and hope ya believe it.....NOT
A lot to learn for a college graduate, including but not limited to: coding, design, operation, continuous deployment, all kinds of best practices.
all positive nothing bad to say
Smart people and challenging projects
decent pay, but not much else to say. amazon can offer benefits, but they tend to contract a third party to avoid that for warehouse workers.
solid amount of hours, can make good money, flexible for students/anyone in school
Great program with lots of visibility and cool projects
It is comfortable, easy to catch on and very friendly. They know that there is life outside of work and that things happen out of our hands, that may cause us to miss or be late even leave earlier. Great benifits and we're catching on to new ways of making all employes to feel comfortable and rewarded for there hard work.
The reserves position is awesome because you create your own shift.
At Amazon, you have the opportunity to work on problems that impact real customers in really big ways! We're at the forefront of multiple industries (devices, cloud computing, ecommerce, and drones to name a few). Every day, you'll be provided opportunities to make decisions that drive forward what customers care about. You'll also be surrounded by the smartest (and often funnest) people of your career. In 10+ years of experience, I've learned and grown more than I could have every imagined as a result of being surrounded by brilliant people and tacking huge customer-focused problems.
Ownership - I've worked at a number companies ranging from startups to companies bigger than Amazon. The level of ownership is unmatched.  Opportunity - Every other place I have worked I have because there was nothing new to learn or a lack of new challenges to take on. That has not been a problem. I keep getting challenged with roles of greater scope and complexity, which is a lot of fun.  Customer focus - It is a lens that makes decisions simple. For the most part, the company does an excellent job of using the customer as a yardstick for decision making.  Things happen - There is rarely a dull moment. Things can get crazy on occasion, but for the most part, the constant motion is one of the best parts about working here.  Audacity - We aim high. We aren't afraid to disrupt
+ Great challenges + Opportunity to learn and grow + Leadership is solid and they do a great job hiring talent + Visibility to a new way of thinking and running a highly efficient business + People working for the company are like minded and good at what they do + Environment is pleasant and consistently nice across the organization +Compensation packages are above market
They do have great benefits, health,vision,dental 401 k and stock options, love my schedule.
Benefits, internal transfers, long term growth.
Competitive salaries, friendly people, good benefits, great space
Compared with many of my previous jobs which offered little to know benefits, Amazon offers a great and varied amount. Even within my short time of working with Amazon I am already seeking promotion opportunities.
Insurance, flexibility for going to college if you've been employed for more than a year. If you can become favored among the management, you will receive the "good" jobs in the warehouse.
They offer good pay and benefits
paid the same as an area manager
Great opportunities to work on far-reaching and impactful projects. Definitely worth working there. Lots to learn. Could be worth the challenge to your work/life balance.
Cheap insurance, good benefits, schedule accommodation, good hours. Not much else to say in the pro section but I have to type 20 words so here it is.
The reserves position is awesome because you create your own shift.
Good job and has a lot of good benefits for people of all ages.
it is a great place to work
Employees get a lot of autonomy to try new ideas/projects/etc. If you have a good manager and are working within a good group, it can be a great place to work.
Always innovating and striving to be better, this is a high functioning company with high demands. It will always push you to improve. Good compensation especially when the stock is appreciating.
Everything about the company is great, yes some people disagree with me but a job is a job you must be willing to work hard to make money. A lot of people complain about the long hours, well you knew that when you signed up. I personally didn't see any issue with the company. Pay was great, along with the benefits.
- Everyone here is really smart - Great learning opportunities - Competitive pay
Work with great, smart people, in a world leading environment. You will learn a lot and be challenged a lot, and you have a lot of control of your career. Some reviews state you are expected to work hard, often and smart. It is not a direct expectation, but that behavior correlates well with successful Amazonians- who would probably do that anyway.
Great culture and people to work with. Had a good time, made great friends. Work is good, sometimes demanding but plenty of flexibility to choose your projects.
A good place to learn cloud computing and distributed systems. You can learn a lot from your peers.
Great people to work with. Great leaders also
Decent, pick own hours. They do provide uniforms as well as badges and hats and you are allowed to keep any tips you have .
- 10 hour days which means 3 days off - Co-workers are usually chill
job was seasonal didn't get much opportunity as a permit job,Training as well but the demand was overwhelmed and they talk to you like you're a teenager,Place was clean and safe
If you find yourself in a tight-knit crew, stay there as long as you can. The biggest "pros" will be ones you carve out for yourself over a long period of time.
Autonomy, Customer Focused, Innovative Culture
Good pay and fun people
Smart people, customer-centric approach, brand recognition and prestige
large complex systems, enterprise java, good salaries, flexible work hours
Decent high velocity place to work, not the most employee friendly company though.
Great work schedule, great coworkers,
Most teams operate as startups. Smart, analytical people. A company that moves a bit faster than other major Fortune 500.
Rather decent benefits, huge variety of people, typical full time perks like paid time off and vacation, ability to leave anytime during the day
It's a great opportunity for learning. You will get right in the thick of things, and will be given opportunity to do well.
You learn a lot of new things and it's a fun place to work.
*Awesome people to work it and learn from *Great options for changing teams every couple of years (Amazon is working in so many spaces, you can move easily without leaving) *Good opportunity to have more leadership *Amazon is publicly traded so RSUs add to base salary *3-4 weeks paid vacation/sick time per year *Ability to work from home when necessary (sick or run an errand)
I joined Amazon after completing my MBA from a top 5 program. In my opinion, Amazon provides the best possible environment for mid-career development.  I have had the pleasure of seeing a relatively small business unit grow into an industry leading advertising business in the course of a few years. One of the best things about working at Amazon is the opportunity to work on really difficult problems alongside really smart people. The company will heavily invest in any business that shows serious potential for growth and there is never a lack of ambition or mediocrity in the work environment. Once you have become a true Amazonian other roles outside of the company seem boring and uninteresting, although the phone calls from outside recruiters won't stop coming in which is a pro in case you ultimately decide to you want leave.  I would highly recommend this potential opportunity for any freshly minted MBA.
Great place, always work to be done. Good co-workers. Benefits are good compared to other places, and pay I assume is better than the surrounding businesses in the area.
It was okay. Easy work
Good pay, Benefits, and hours.
I loved working at the Amazon DuPont warehousE. The only negative complaint was we were a new facility, so our processes were not perfected yet.
good working envirnment and life balance
Advancement opportunities Heat people to work with
The no hassle benefits are great. They have plenty of shifts for everyone's preferences. It's fast paced and has a very friendly atmosphere.
They often hire from within and there seem to be a lot of opportunities to move up. They also have fantastic benefits
Can bring your dogs to work. good location in the city
Great benefits, good coworkers, awesome company.
Laid back west coast culture
Plenty of room for advancement at Amazon. They do like to promote from within.
Good pay master Opportunities to grow
very nice people, paid weekly.
Room to move up, 3 day weekend.
Best reason to work for amazon is definitely the benefits and insurance that they provide. It is amazing that I don't have to worry so horribly over dr bills anymore!!!
Very good and friendly environment
Amazon is a fast paced work environment with catchy company cheers and an opportunity for you to be the yell leader you can't help but get fired up about being part of the winning team...
Great Pay & lots of overtime available. You WILL stay busy.
I work as a software development manager for Amazon at Seattle. What I like most about working at Amazon is the ability to make large scale impact on the way the world buys stuff. And I get to do that of my own accord. Autonomy, independent thinking and ownership are encouraged here better than any other place that I know of. Amazon is a great place for builders and if you enjoy building things (robots at home, software at work, the works...) - then you will love working here.  As you will hear a lot of Amazonian's say "there is scale and then there is Amazon scale". I do not know of any other place that provides the cusp of physical scale and computing scale that Amazon provides. Physically moving goods across the world based on some person clicking a buy now button on the website - and doing it a very large number of times very day - brings with it some very interesting (including several unsolved) problems. it is a lot of fun to work on such problems.  Amazon is also a place that rewards diversity of thinking and approach. That has brought together a whole bunch of very interesting and smart people. I learn a lot every day that I show up at work. Amazon also has one of the most flexible internal move policies - so it is super easy to find something within the company that you are interested in working on and start working on it!  It is a very fast paced environment where something is happening all the time. Never a dull moment. That includes spirited white board discussions, quick team stand-ups and some noisy Friday evenings :)
I'm not going to lie, this is a very hard job, but that's what I love about it. I get to go super deep technically, I've worked with folks to invent cutting edge algorithms, we've routinely delivered against wildly audacious goals, and my team is brilliant. I can't imagine learning or growing more rapidly than I have here. I get to wear a lot of hats in this role: people manager, technical leader, business strategist.
Health Benefits are great, You cant find better.
The pay there is good and they give good hours
Best benefits I have had working for any company. Amazon will not let you work more then 60 hr in a week they believe in a healthy home life.
decent hours, OK pay, opportunity for advancement, state of the art technologythat can be used to make work much more streamlined and convenient
matching 401k RSU's great healthcare plan many opportunities for advancement employee discount programs quite a bit of time off available at your disposal
Lots of responsibility early on, really smart people, dynamic business setting-constantly learning and evolving as a leader.
Love the summer over there, and the working environment
Benefits and incentives are amazing at Amazon.
Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Stock), PTO (Paid time off), VTO/VTO(Vacation Time off & Voluntary Time off) UPT (Unpaid time off). When working here pregnant, it's a breeze until it's time leave 4 weeks before your delivery date. You get paid to sit down and chill (if your an advent reader, it's a good time to use work as your own personal library) Only good for if your desperate in getting a job.
Full Time Amazon Associate Great Benefits ~401K w/ Employer Match/Stocks/Health ~PTO-Personal Time Off awards~Paid ~UPT- Unpaid Time Off (some limited -unpaid time)allowed for unexpected needs without incurring infractions for absences. ~VTO -Voluntary Time Off -unpaid-offered when orders are filled and workforce is heavy without costing your UPT designated hours. . ~ Vacation accruals for hours worked-Paid National Holidays Paid (must work day before and day after holiday)              Steady work schedule /fast paced/ hands on physical activity -physically demanding for walking,stooping,lifting and reaching.-Overtime opportunities              For energetic,task driven employees who enjoy "Getting the job done with challenges to self goals./.opportunities to learn .This is a job for someone who wants to work for their wages-Not socializing and goofing off.That's why jobs are called 'Work'.             Providing Great Customer Service requires we do our part in getting the task done in timely manners so others can do their part as well to get the product shipped correctly and timely.That's job security when Customers are Happy! Team work and willingness to boost efforts at times is very important.  Periodic Employee Perks:-some Free Appreciation>>>- snacks/lunches/drinks/contests/employee assistance program/some transportation options/opportunity for Temp. to become Full Time Associates.employee discounts.  Being part of a Global Provider Service is purposeful work.I Love to be busy,be appreciated for my contributions,and value positive work ethics.I feel responsible to do my job to the best ability.
Great benefits and the people
dynamic and challenging workplace.
+smart people +fast moving +direct & open conversations +great business & technical problems +consistent use of core values (called "leadership principles" internally)
The people I love doing at I was doing its a lot of fun
Your surrounded by great interesting people and the culture that is fostered and cultivated at Amazon is wonderful.
Had a great time. My internship was incredible. I worked on tough problems and learned a lot of new technologies over 3 months.
Always something new to learn. 401k is good, not great My management team is the best Cross training is always a possibility, growth is endless.
Good benefits, and great pay. Plenty of overtime. Plenty of hard work. Frequent breaks, and a decent lunch break.
I really liked it it was a easy working environment
Amazon is great place to grow and develop your leadership skills in general. you learn how to think big, have a back bone, and become customer obsessed.
Great people at all levels. Excellent managerial training.
Lot of challenging problems to deal with. Mature infrastructure lets you focus on core problems rather than how o build and deploy
Amazon is a great company. They are very good with benefits and stock bonuses.
was given opportunity to invent and make changes
The process has been seamless (interviews, orientation, training). The team I work with have been amazing.
It's amazing to be part of such an innovative company. We are constantly pushing boundaries of what is possible and accelerating delivery to the customer.
Good place to start your career and to have as a part-time job. Weekly pay.
The base salary is good compared to other companies. life in Seattle is comfortable.
benefits, starting pay, philosophy, 4-day workweek, education benefit if you're able to use it.
Amazon has unique culture and startup mind no matter how company gets bigger. They encourage you to be different, disagree to someone, invent tools and be frugal. Regarding to my team, we have enough freedom, no micromanagement, no politics. Managers are nice and smart, they help us a lot. Company is growing so fast, and you will have many opportunities. It will be very exciting working in this company, especially in AWS department.
Amazon is one of the most fast paced work environments I've ever witnessed. Combined with the encouragement of innovation and owning your work you can choose to success or fail. If you are successful you are also well rewarded.
Interesting place to work and great benefits and pay.
good pay an time flies bye fast an it not hard work at all
You get paid enough and the work isn't difficult.
The project asked to do is not hard. Our mentor is actually very nice.
Fast paced environment. Had a lot of fun. Always very busy and not much standing around.
Great opportunities with a big company
amazon is a good company to move forward.
Flexible working environment, new technology
They will easily hire anyone to work for them. All you have to do is pass a spit drug test and you're in- which says a lot about the staff.
Leading edge, always something new, challenges are always right around the corner, never a dull moment. Anytime feedback is good when used the correct way.
If you can dream it, share why it adds value to the Company, you can build. It's an amazing place to be part of, literally changing eCommerce daily. It combines the best of a big company and owning your own business into one. Smart people working hard! Opportunities to try different experiences are everywhere.
Got fired hr did nothing to fight for my rights
You will be working with very talented and smart people. People are not afraid to throw out all of their ideas, which makes design meetings and teamwork fun and challenging.
Will be exposed to new trends. You will meet very intelligent people. Many are friendly based on culture, if you click.
Transfer opportunities all over the country and the world, medical, dental, vision and life insurance, 401k match.
Pay and opportunity are excellent
Innovation and new Ideas are abundant. Expanding into new markets at a fast pace. They are one of the top cloud network providers in the industry.
Depending on which team your one, you could work like crazy or work a few hours a day.
Good pay, good benefits, good people
Short process, took no longer than 3 days to get the job. Hiring event was pretty quick also, nothing major
The outside a great company.
Autonomy- no one is going to tell you how to do your job. You decide the best way. Business process - Amazon has a different way of doing things. Yes, they do write 1-6 page documents to prepare for meetings rather than putting thoughts into a PowerPoint presentation. Then they spend the first 10-20 minutes of the meeting quietly reading it. Yes, they do encourage healthy debate to a level that makes a lot of people uncomfortable. In the end this makes for better business decisions. Mobility - once you've been here for a year and had a decent review, it's very easy to move around.
Opportunities to work with full-time team members on many of the same tasks. Lots of respect from other employees.
Great opportunities for go getters who are willing to put in a lot of energy. Can learn good practices, which will be useful beyond. Good for young folks.
Good pay, flexible hours, an environment with a lot of really smart people that you will learn a lot
Good Money Only 2 events a month
Fun job, lots of neat things to look at, nice pay.
Fun and easy rewarding job
They offered a lot of overtime, you can work from home
Good atmosphere and diverse workforce at the entry level
It's a wonderful job great pay all over fun working inviorment.
Customers live the service. Tips are tremendous. You are paid $18 per hour plus tips.
Easy hire process/decent pay Opportunity to grow They promote within
Get to bring your dog to work, very nice people, very smart people
Great Benefits. Diverse Workforce. Self Guided
Fun environment and great people to work with
Challenging work. Great people to work with.
Great medical Dental Vision Good pay Time off Choice of shifts
Great brand to have on the resume. The company is doing some very interesting projects. Opportunities to transfer across division is a great benefit.
Great pay. Steady work. Overtime.
Awesome work . scope to learn many new things
Your job will be stable if you can put up with the BS.
Smart people, room to grow professionally
They give everyone a chance. They don't discriminate based on age, race or gender. Lots of opportunity get overtime especially during the holidays. Lots of Unpaid time off
lots of learning opportunities for young professionals
Great minds, many opportunities, challenging work.
Smart people, innovation at it's finest - relaxed and fast paced work environment.
Great place to grow in your career
Good salary, good health insurance , working with smart people, work closely with customers
The benefits and the pay rate is great
Benefits are really great Great pay and biannual raises (started at 13 ended at 14.75) Stock options are great - vest after 2 years HR was easy to talk to Great coworkers Incentive pay for performance is nice Prizes/incentives for OT during peak times Paid Time Off, unpaid time off, vacation time
Works with your school schedule, benefits start immediately, flexible paid time off and decent pay.
Good Pay and Benefits after being with company for required time.
There are a lot of smart people you work with
Does anyone know the starting salary for an internal employee once they become Area Manager?
Great company to work for
If you are starting out in life it is a great job. The benefits are great. I had a son last year and haven't paid for a doctor visit yet.
Decent pay and benefits for a part-time job.
Above average industry salary. Growing Company Upward mobility
Think big. Fascinate technology. Lovely people.
Best company to work at as a fresher
Great concept to work for.
Good benefits. Upt. Chances to learn a lot of different jobs. Off 3 days of the week depending on schedule.
I worked in the Biz Dev side of the AWS partner team for 2.5 years and loved it. The pace of innovation at AWS is mind blowing. The products and services that the team works with are market leading and the opportunity before AWS is staggering. I thoroughly enjoyed my 2.5 years there and would have happily stayed for me. I was scooped up by an AWS partner to lead an even bigger opportunity.  I'd highly recommend time at AWS!
Amazon is an amazing place to work, learn and grow - quickly. Your peers are best in class, and you will learn more in one year than you will at other companies in 10 years. Amazon pays well through salary, bonus, and most importantly - stock.
meet a lot of fresh faces. they have health benefits. Growing company.
Working for Amazon you have so many opportunities to grow and move within the company.
Great benefits such as medical, vision, and dental insurance. Personal time, vacation time, and unpaid time. 401k and other benefits
clean environment ,plenty of work if your willing to work overtime.very good benefits ,including tuition for school,bonuses(vcp),paid time off
The insurance benefits were great.
I have fantastic support and training. Help is only a chat away. Our team stays connected in a team chat. And individual conversations with leadership are easily accomplished. I feel appreciated and valued working here. Time off and schedule changes are easy to arrange as well. Skill building and training are ongoing there is usually opportunity for additional hours. There are a host of skill sets to be trained in and to move into. Internal transfers are possible and seem straightforward to accomplish.
Putting in overtime, your check look nice.
Spacious, personal and vaction time give
Great people to work with. A lot of incentives
very good work culture at amazon
They take great care of us.
very good work culture at amazon
They take great care of us.
Good benefits, friendly coworkers, nice paycheck, feels good to have 3 consecutive days off, you are given plenty of time to use, and they do have activities for associates during the summer, and holidays.
Working from home, flexible hours, opportunity to work on new projects, good training, good organization of work material
The pay is good for the area we are located in, able to work night shift to not have to pay for childcare.
Great company has a lot of business units and branches, so you might explore different teams easily.
The compensate well, working 4 and sometimes 5 days a week depending on holidays and others
Nice coworkers fun people, energetic environment
Multiple opportunities for growth many departments to cross train fast paced environment
Fun working environment, challenging, lots of people to interact with, lots of overtime bumps your pay way higher than the estimated (up to $25,000+ a year), typically get 3 day weekend unless it's the holiday season.
Awesome place work. Most customer centric.
Competitive, innovative environment, team oriented, we are customer obsessed, we are trying to continuously improve all things so it's exciting and worth every minute of time spent
You get to work on a ton of stuff and use the latest AWS technologies and learn how one of the biggest software companies in the world manages its software processes
Good Leadership, plenty of opportunities for advancement
Pretty Simple and straight foward. Friendly people.
It was a pleasant work environment.
Competitive salary. Innovative company to work for.
Give lots of unpaid time Don't have to call out just don't show up Get 4 10 hour days
I worked 40 hours a week until peek hit. Then my hours were up to 55 a week.
Managers that listen, plenty of O.T.
freindly place to work, job requirements are easy to learn, fast paced environment, help from other workers is readily available
It looks really good on a resume. People always ask about it. Safety walks, gemba. It is great if you are young and with out a family.
For the highly motivated and ambitious there is no end to learning and role opportunities.
Great company to work for if you're tech oriented. The interview process was a bit thorough, but necessary, The pay was solid and I moved up within 6 months. Overall a positive employment experience.
Oh my God, this job is the best kept secret, now mind you I had to drive a little ways to get to the job site because I live in Milwaukee, and the Job is in Kenosha, but its well worth it, the pay is great and the energy is so high, you get to wear jeans, a t shirt and tennis shoes, there's a lot of walking so you get a full work out, so if you like to stay in shape, this is the place, you get paid every Friday, my dream, and you get a discount on every product known to man kind, and the people are so down to earth, their friendly, and very helpful, so I give amazon two thumbs up, this is definetly my kind of place to work!
Decent hours for part time. Pay is pretty good for the work. Not slave labor, nor are you treated like a slave. Very lenient on many things.
This is a work from home position. Fast paced and high volume call activity. There is ample opportunity for overtime.
Ownership and their leadership principles
Good Training program, steady work, opportunities for advancement, good benefits
Fast-paced culture where you have the opportunity to experiment and launch new ideas and innovations without bureaucracy. Generally ideas grow organically vs. are dictated from the top down which is a great opportunity for those who want to experiment with new products and features, test them, iterate and scale. Success is dependent on your ability to iterate and scale products vs. nailing it on the first launch. If you are fortunate to work for a high quality manager, you'll learn from the best in the business. The environment is extremely intense and suited for those who can withstand a high pressure environment, intense scrutiny, and long hours. It is a great place for a new hire MBA to learn and grow, or more Senior Level Executives (Director and above) to reap the benefits from the stock based compensation plan.
The experience can be different for all people. Some of the good things about working here of course are the pay and the people you have a chance to meet.
Hard workers get ahead easily.
Lots of hours, 4 day work week (unless you have to work overtime) good benefits
there are no pros to working for amazon, besides good insurance.
Good benefits, Paid time off, unpaid time off, medical, dental etc.
Great brand and clients. Unique opportunity to sell a cross platform solution to some of the largest companies in the world. New products in video make the future compelling for advertising sales.
Great benefits and incentives with no probationary period.
The environment was very fast paced with emphasis on shipping products as quickly as possible while still maintaining a high quality bar.
Easy, no customers. When you become a problem solver you have to use your head a bit which is nice. Stressful but I enjoy it
Amazon is a challenging and opportunistic company. I have been given the freedom to propose new ideas and implement network wide changes. Amazon has helped develop me through working in different FC's and departments in my career.
There are a lot of smart people, but they think they are smarter than anyone else.
Working in Customer Service has many areas for specialization, retail, Prime Now, Amazon Logistics, to name a few. There are multiple helpful resources to find answers to problems. There are always new projects developing. Frequent overtime opportunities. Individuals can make exceptions to policies when it's in the customers best interest.
Fast paced and rewarding. People were focused on results and our team was driven to deliver on those results. Great teamwork.
Great if you have no brains and like following rules. Great for Software developers.
Met a lot of nice people, casual environment - don't have to wear suit and high heel shoes. Health care in the facility.
You get paid on time. You can take a lunch break. You get health insurance.
If you're looking for a job that requires minimal thinking with a salary that will just get you by for a few months, this is the place for you. The pay is decent for a company that will hire just about anyone. The starting rate at my warehouse (Robbinsville, NJ) is $12.75 with a 50 cent raise for working at this specific location and another 50 cents for choosing the night shift. There is some opportunity for overtime pay as well, especially during Amazon's peak season which occurs between Nov-Dec. The benefits are very good. They offer medical, vision, dental, 401k, educational assistance, and 4 shares of stock that must accrue for 2 years before they can be sold. They also offer medical leave and an extensive paid leave for parents expecting childbirth. The only other pro to this company is how they offer time off to their employees, but eventually this system fails for many employees after a few months. When you first become employed you are responsible for managing 3 types of time-off you are allowed to use: Unpaid time off, Paid time off, and Vacation time. While they start you off with an abundance of hours at your disposal, improper use of this time will quickly come back to haunt you if you're not careful. Also, if you go below 0 hours of unpaid time, you will be terminated, no matter what excuse you have for not being at work. Most employees staying at Amazon for more than 3-4 months will find themselves with little to no time left to take off from work if they do not stockpile them.
Good company to work for if you don't mind working hard. Great benefits for associates.
-Starting salary -Professional peers -Relocation assistance -3 days off most weeks -Can be a fun environment to work in depending on location and upper management
Fast paced at the ship dock, it makes time go extremely fast. A lot of higher ups move around the plant and can help answer questions, making it easier for the new guys.
Great place to build a career nice Benifits and can move up with the hard work and some manger willing to help build your portfolios.
Coworkers with solid technical background. State of the art technology. Things move relatively fast for a larger company. Devoted teams.
People are really smart here.
Consistent hours as a direct hire. 18 hours with pay guarantee. 30 days until dental and vision. 90 days until medical, which is far better than most part-time positions out there. Free beverages in the break-room, reduced costs of snacks in the vending machines. Plenty of work when the shipments are accounted for correctly. Advancement is swift if you are open to doing anything asked of you without an attitude.
smart hard working employees, some departments manage to mitigate the giant company culture
A lot of overtime was offered. Learning the job was easy, because nobody minds lending a hand. Friendly work environment.
Fast moving company. Smart people
Opportunities to move up, may help with education.
If you are hired as an Amazonian you will get a pay check every 2 weeks. If you are a go-getter and can impress the managers you may move up to a Tier 3 associate(PA-Process Assistant) (there is not a tier 2 associate position in the fulfillment DC). They have restricted stocks as a benefit. Once a year they offer cash to those who want to quit Amazon. You cannot return if you take the money. People and most of management are good to work for and with. Amazon does offer contests, Amazon bucks, rewards such as a free lunch for doing well. Pay raises every 6 months. Great benefits and the ability to take time off when you want to through paid time off (PTO 40 hours a year) Unpaid time off (UPT 80 hours a year) and vacation 80 hours a year.
Learned a lot in a short period of time. They said 1 year at Amazon is like 5 years somewhere else. I felt that way during my 4 years.
- Laid back work culture - Good pay - Lots of learning seminars - Work hard culture
You're working with the smartest people in the industry on a lot of tough problems, so expectations are high. But there is a lot to learn if you pay attention, and the teammates are very supportive
The service is very good. Customer service is always helpful. I really like using this company and recommend it for those looking to use it.
Smart and driven colleagues. Had great direct manager. Hard and interesting problems to solve that really matter.
I worked in the Product Compliance as a contractor, and for the most part my job was great. My part of our team was very cohesive, we were trained well, and the managers seemed to appreciate our work. They took our concerns/suggestions for improvement into account. When I had to change my work hours due to a family emergency, they were very accommodating.
The company name obviously comes with perks
Teamwork, high velocity logistics, processes, and variety embrace the experiences at an Amazon Fulfillment Center
Learn a lot of new things
Lots of opportunity for interesting projects
Exciting product launches and hands-on training
You get good pay and great benefits. If productivity is high, you will receive a bonus of 4% as well as your own stock from day one at Amazon. Pto, Upt, and vacation time is given on your first day.
The pay is great
Ok Money easy to get hired
Flexible Schedule to work around school or another job. Decent pay considering the ease of the work.
You work hard, but it is rewarding. There is a strong network of dedicated leaders who will help you succeed if you put in the effort.
amazing company to work for
- New technologies and cutting edge work - Smart people
Great cultural values that makes you think about how to run the company from the management perspective. One of the best companies to develop your career and to develop strong work ethic. Lot's of former ex-Amazonians have come back.
Brilliant people around , hard working , motivational teams
Good benefits, fairly good pay, casual environment. People bring their dogs with them to work. Nice location in downtown Seattle.
Plenty of opportunity to learn more about Amazon and its internal tools Not a lot of politics Generally a meritocracy Really positive work experience to put on your resume
Good health benefits. Hourly wage is very fair for the area. Working conditions are decent. I work inside most of the time.
Great benefits as soon as you're hired. Great management team and lots of opportunity to move up if you apply yourself. Also offers tuition assistance after one year of continuous employment and is willing to work around a school schedule.
Compensation and benefits package is great
Extremely innovative company and intelligent co workers
Lots of time off, good opportunities for advancement
Compensation was great and I loved being around very intelligent people. People listed to my ideas.
They give a lot of hours, simple task and a lot overtimes.
Diversity is great! And the projects are challenging.
Working at Amazon is great during peak season. It was a great experience because of the diversity there was.
There are many things you can accomplish at Amazon. I achieved so much in my time there, compared to previous employers, simply because I was afforded so much opportunity.
networking, resume, promo items, paid trip to seattle
The company offers fair wages and amazing great for all types of employees, and provides daily incentives to maximize productivity. It's a great first job, or an opportunity to explore an area in the field of logistics.
Awesome co-workers, awesome environment to work
GREAT benefits with stock and health insurance. Pay is not outstanding but stock makes up for it.
Good hours, decent pay, work from home, Great managers
Leadership team has excellent grip on employee
Very good quality products and usually arrives on time and when it doesn't they refund your money no questions asked
Great part time, flexible schedule. More hours can be added as needed. Great holiday perks and food periodically.
There is always room to grow cause the company is expanding It is so fast paced and ever changing you learn light years ahead of what you would at another company. there are geniuses in the company that raise the bar.
This organization never sits still. We are always consistently trying to disrupt the status quo if not creating a whole new vertical. It's amazing to see how nimble an organization of this size can be. Finally, the people you work with are just amazing - extremely intelligent, hardworking and understand that boundaries only exist in the mind.
Great hours, able to work from home, awesome benefits for anyone that sells a lot of items through them.
I get to use some very advanced tools. Amazon is a large company so there are in-house utilities for everything. An interesting part of working at AWS is that the services are built on top of other AWS services. There are very few use cases for third-party infrastructure. If you have a problem with one of the services, you can engage with engineers on that service's team directly instead of having to go through customer service or a product manager.
I worked as both a stow and pick associate at an Amazon Fulfillment center for a combined total of about a year, six months in each position. Here are some generalized pros  + Up and moving about. + Simple work + flexible scheduling + paid time off + Overtime + great benefits + good option for students looking to work while in school (at least for me it was)
Its a nice job if you're looking for a consistent check well above minimum wage , if you enjoy working in a space with a lot of other employees and flexibility.
Better pay than retail jobs and is really easy.
If you search you will find opportunities to grow and learn new things.
Independent project, feeling of achievement, peer reviews every week to keep track of the progress
The people working at Amazon are amazing, for a work a home position it is a very welcoming very accepting environment to be in. Great internal support with plenty of opportunists to move up.
Very interesting technology and things move very fast. If you're a technologist, you won't get bored easily although really understanding the inner workings of things is tough to learn as things are shrouded in intentionally unnecessary secrecy. This gets old fast if you're genuinely curious and want to learn more about things. Generally smart, hardworking, quality people although some teams mission and function (mine in particular) appeared to have not been very well thought out. Tons of ambiguity without strong leadership and direction on how team members can "get an A" or how to "crush it" and do well. Tough environment for people who like to feel like they are getting things done and winning. It will make you feel like you're failing, even if you're not and they try to get in your head with the values stuff. While metrics are everything there, things still remained very nebulous. In fact, in the role I was in, I rapidly figured out the job function wasn't needed and didn't particularly make any sense or bring much value (to selling the products or making the products), even if the team charter had been fully realized. Many folks on the team tried to make it what they could but were relatively ineffective. There may very well be good pockets in other groups but this was my experience and it was a poor fit for me personally.
Good starting wage Easy work load
I liked working there because you always stayed busy. Most of the people I worked with were great. When I worked at picking I would walk upwards of 2 miles a day which was great exercise.
Nice benefits, good hours, good pay
Great chances for promotions. The company is growing fast year after year. You can get a promotion every year. You work hard but play hard as well. They take good care of each other.
They treat you so well. You will be impressed. I wanna go back their so bad. People who apply you are doing and wonderful thing. You make good pay
friendly management, promotion opportunities, plentiful overtime opportunities
*You get to have Amazon on your resume *Lots of resources to help you figure out problems *There is a lot to do, you'll never be bored.
High visibility/impact. Easy to explain to your friends. Easy to work from home. All the hardware you could ever need. Potential for a lot of money if you can bear to stick around.
Great place to work with many great benefits.
Good pay. Well organized company. Great benefits. I worked at a warehouse in the inbound side. They showed me how to operate a forklift and gained a lot of experience on how a warehouse works. 3 days off.
Good pay. Well organized company. Great benefits. I worked at a warehouse in the inbound side. They showed me how to operate a forklift and gained a lot of experience on how a warehouse works. 3 days off.
They take very good care of their employees and I do miss working there. Always a good schedule and two thumbs up
- health and dental benefits - paid Personal Time Off options - potential for 8% cash bonus each month - some strong teamwork - Overtime opportunity during Peak season
Benefits are outstanding. Co workers excluding management are outstanding.
The people are great too work around and they try to fix all situations
I like their promotion levels and you can receive stocks when reaching a level 4 promotion. Meet new associates and fairly decent incentives.
None It was the harshest place I have ever worked where the employee had no value
You get promoted by chatting with people and doing nothing important.
Ignore the news article from recent NY Times on Amazon's terrible work culture. I have been working here since 2012 and yes the first few months was hard in terms of understanding how. what and when to get things done. But once i figured out pace, what really matters and dove in I loved going to work everyday and do what I do.  This is a place where you will really use the leadership principles thats on company's page. The culture is open, straight forward, fun and fast paced. Yes there is pressure to do better and deliver but what place doesn't have that? I personally find it hard to work in a place where people don't care about company's values, drive to get things done. Amazon is not one of those places. If you care you will survive and excel!
Good pay and Great hours
big company lots of options / teams
Great experience working this job
The only pro to working at Amazon is that you can bring your dog to work and only if you are chained to your desk all day as dogs are not allowed in conference rooms and common areas.
I had a fun time do business with and will continue to do so in the future I would recommend it to anyone
If you are not willing to work hard, then this is not for you
Everything is great. This is a great company to work for with great people. You'll love it here! Go now!
Great company , lots of benifits, would not change working here for anything, they are doing alot of hiring. Many locations throughout the country. Constantly hiring
great work environment ,some times
Amazon has great benefits and the pay was okay especially since we were guaranteed overtime. Management was relaxed and they didnt micromanage. You just had to make sure you were performing.
Exciting projects, smart people and small teams.
Pay was good, benefits from day one, meet a lot of new people, a lot of fun contests, and great giveaways. They keep you hydrated with the endless water supply
Decent pay, but there are far better opportunities in the area Great place to work if you're lazy Lots of unpaid and paid time off
Co-workers and management teams were generally upbeat, and it was easy to get help when you needed it most. This was a work at home position, and the hours were steady.
good benefits, guaranteed 40hrs a week, paid time off , ect
you get a great pay and it helps you out with getting other cleaning jobs
Great pay. Great people. Great.
Benefits And Insurance Advancement Growth
Got to meet some decent people from jersey, when it's a little warmer out its nice ride from philly to jersey
The salary is good for the work involved. They offer stock however only after a year of employment at the company.
Very productive learning experience, and great company to start your career
lots of over time.. make great money
Brand name is great. Have yet to meet somebody who is unfamiliar with Amazon. Hours weren't as bad as I had previously heard. But i guess can be long for corporate finance
Good money.Interaction with some great minds in the world during internal conferences and sessions.Of course the pride of being a part of earth's most customer centric experience
nice pay and overtime and different shifts
Opportunity for those not afraid to work!
Great company, great people. One of the biggest benefits is being able to reference Amazon as a recent workplace on your resume.
Not too intense. Lots of outdoor activities during. The people are nice. Everyone is assigned a mentor. The salary was good as well.
Good pay, okay work, nice breakrooms
Money is the best part
The pay is pretty decent
4 day work week. Good pay and benefits. Energetic atmosphere. Ability to see and familiarize yourself with many many products
Many growth opportunities, work life balance, many fun activities and other benefits for employees, great career growth.
It really depends on which team/management you are working with, and since Amazon is very big, some employees can have a very different experience than I have.  ---  No matter what team you join, you will be working with people who are smart. Even if you think that you are the best in certain fields, there are always people you can learn from.  Amazon is really fast paced, so you will see huge projects get quickly shipped out the door. Rather than spend years perfecting a product, Amazon is willing to take risks and fix things after getting things launched (with minimal customer impact).  Amazon truly is customer-focused. A lot of the time the first question that is being asked is: How will this affect the customer?  There are so many teams at Amazon, that you can constantly switch teams to try out completely new things. Although they require you to stay with a team for at least one full year, that's pretty much what I did. I hopped around trying out different things.
Good pay, great benefits, stock options, 401k
You can control your stress level and hours worked
great place to work. good benefits.
Benefits are really good to.
Free Fast-paced Friendly co-workers Easy jobs Safe environment Good facilities Good spirit of customers service
Working from home was an ease, pay was good, management was top notch.
Cool coworkers and atmosphere and a lot of small things that make you smile
Good Pay, Good Benefits, Easy Work, Stock, Tuition Help, Book Reimbursement
-Salary and Compensation after the first two years -Benefits
I just got a job with Amazon and am very excited to start. Great company with a big signing bonus!
Fast paced - I work with some honest, good people - The job is fun, fast paced, but most times, fun - It is work but not the hard work I grew up with -
Hours pay are pretty good
Good pay Paid every week Laid back environment
I enjoyed working at Amazon, for a few reasons: Great culture. People are friendly. Good work hours. Compensation meets market value.
Can help improve managerial experience "intense, but very rewarding"
Amazon pays well because of the value of the stock. Their recruiters are very good at selling the positive side of Amazon. The company is very customer centric. Seattle is amazing place to live. There is a lot of mobility and opportunity in the company. the company culture and expectations are clearly outline in the company's Leadership Principles. There 15 principles. The top 3 I see displayed everyday are customer obsession, bias for action, frugality.
Will hire anyone and you can walk around all day
I have never worked with so many smart, motivated, and talented people. I like to work, and at the Zon there is more work than one person can handle. The environment is a workaholic's dream-space made reality.  When I joined the company wasn't all that big. Since then the growth has been phenomenal. The stock price has outperformed anyone's wildest imagination. That said, I was well compensated for the mental, physical and emotional trauma I endured.  We were able to build a brand that people love and have become dependent on. I remember when the first trustworthiness per brand study came out from inter-brand and we beat out Johnson&Johnson for the tops spot.  During the lion's share of my time inside, people were truly customer obsessed. We believed, with cult like devotion, that we were changing the world for the better by providing access to information, products, and entertainment without limit.  I was stretched beyond my ability and grew in toughness and tenacity while at the same time empathizing with our users, packers, pickers, and boots on the ground magicians who make the shipping magic happen.
Very positive experience- excellent management team and team building attitude
It is easy to more up in this company.
fast paced software development good base pay nice campus
Good working environment, Good company culture, Good salary and bonus...Overall, right choice to work here!
Amazon is the most fun and professional company I have worked for in over 20 years. The onsite district manager and area managers are extremely approachable, proactive, and professional. Everyone from the bottom up starts the shift with brief company updates, employee success stories, and group warm-up exercises in addition to other safety promoting tips. The pay is more than fair for a part-time position and the environment is rather fun considering your at work.
Your development expertise will grow immensely. You are surrounded by some of the smartest engineers in the world, so you learn a lot
Amazon is great company to work for as Control System Specialist.
Flexible hours, good for job for a self starter.
Committed customer centricity, bright people
Very easy warehouse job. Amazon really emphasis safety of their employees. My direct leaders are easy to get along with and are not afraid to jump in and help when you're busy.
The company is innovative and fast paste. I am glad that I chose Amazon as my first full time job. Easy to move around the company and change roles.
Demanding, Rewarding, Challenging are just a few of the positives derived from employment at Amazon.
Not too much to say
Every department is easy and not hard to catch on to
You will get a lot to learn, fast paced environment, smart co-workers
Good company, work hard and play hard environment. Great CEO
Good people, monthly bonus, lots of people to talk to, overtime opportunities, chance for advancement, prizes for attendance
- Learn a lot, haven't been bored yet. - Smart engineers
Extra money during Christmas time .Overtime if you need it
Its a fun, inobative enviroment
highly collaborated, work with different teams, push you to learn a lot of the internal tools by yourself if you don't have a good mentorship
Opportunity to grow within the company
You'll never learn as much anywhere else, or work as hard or as fast. The brand recognition makes you a target for headhunters.
Consistent hours, decent time off, immediate benefits for blue badges.
Starting Pay: $10/hr. Overtime: $15/hr. Lots of OT during the holiday season. Two (2) paid 15 minute breaks. One hour lunch.  Was told that I would have to work holidays--Thanksgiving and Christmas--since I was seasonal, I did not. I did get paid for Thanksgiving, so that was nice.
Great company to say you work of and it's a huge learning opportunity. Generally feel a sense of accomplishment as an owner of a team of people.Your peers will be extremely smart and motivated. The standards here are very high and you will be challenged every day. In this job I am never bored, the pace is very fast.You get to work with some of the smartest, most capable people, on the most interesting problems. Lots of ownership. For those who like to get their hands dirty amazon can be a great fit. There is room for growth but that all depends on if you have the right management chain.
Could make your resume look more attractive to the next employer.
Pay & inter-company mobility. Diversity of businesses. Cache of Amazon name. Lots of talented people gathered in one place. Opportunities to build your network, find mentors and be a mentor.
Temperature controlled environment,nice and friendly leaders, not bossy or rude and the company is a bit lenient towards associates unless it's theft related or extremely serious intolerable acts.VCP cash bonus based on your attendance and performance,my favourite part is having 3 days off or 2 depends on if there is overtime for that week..they also accommodate school schedules.
Company was very involved with making the work environment a better place.
Good place to work, but long hours
Good pay, good people, good job.
great pay and drawings to earn stuff
Great benefits, solid pay, very casual atmosphere and fairly supportive local (DFW) staff.
You will not lose your job if you show up everyday
I love this job! It's very easy and the hiring process is simple and easy
Great place to work for extra money and good part time job
Great Opportunities and Benefits. Upbeat environment helps you get through some of the hard work days,
great entry level job for pay and benefits. Learning dept does a good job teaching and coaching
chance to get to know new work activites and people,lack of opportunity for promotion,no chance diversity
Good hours, nice pay and lots of people to meet. Great benefits and awesome staff.
Wonderful employees & great bonuses. If you go through integrity staffing which is a great hiring company! I personally loved the job & staff. Quit because I couldn't do third with my little one at home.
Great company that everyone should endeavor to work with. It's one big family that works toward the ultimate goal-the customer
Amazon growing company have opportunity to excel with great pay and benefits.
Good pay, good benefits. You get to work with some of the smartest, most capable people, on the most interesting problems. There are almost unlimited opportunities within the company.
Amazon in Tracy, California had a good working environment, plenty of overtime. Nice co-workers. Clean and convenient break room. Not too far to commute.
Packing: If you love to just zone out and do your job it's perfect. All you do is stand in one spot looking at a monitor and boxes and items for 10 - 12 hours a day 4 - 6 days a week.  Picking: This was my favorite job to date, however, my feet couldn't handle it.
Great place to work. Very fast paced environment.
-Surround yourself with intelligent, driven individuals -Be part of a team that wants you to succeed -Everyone seems to be career-minded -Learn how to be self-starting and claim ownership of projects
Salary, Training, Benefits are some of the best in this field.
-Surround yourself with intelligent, driven individuals -Be part of a team that wants you to succeed -Everyone seems to be career-minded -Learn how to be self-starting and claim ownership of projects
Lots of over-time to be had. Decent pay. Have the ability to work up the ladder if you want to put in the time. Over-all a pretty good place to work at.
The work is certainly very interesting as Amazon uses the latest tools and technology. And you will get to work with some exceptional people in the industry.
Compensation is great. Learning on and designing ginormous micro-service based architectures. It's a great chance to learn how to design huge, scalable, fault-tolerant systems.
you accumulate paid time off and vacations and can use them whenever you want. work only 4 days a week.
I liked the Enviroment. The name where i worked ..!
The pros are helping others, listening and validating them. Understanding that they are real people with real problems. Encouraging others love the teamwork aspect of Italy
You can really take the job and make what you will of it. There's tons of opportunities within the company and you are encourages to pursue your interests inside/outside the company. You get a lot off independence.
AWS and Amazon Digital are great places to work. Lots of new product developments happening there. AWS Database services is especially cutting edge work.  Customer obsession. Products and technology are built not just because it's possible, but also because it is useful to customer. Most companies just do things to improve Ads which I don't think improves the life of the customer.  Salaries of top performers are at-par of better than what industry offers.  Excellent operational focus.
few things are positive about working at amazon i my opinion. the biggest thing for me was the people. some of the best people i have ever worked with was at this company. the pay is good if your trying t to rebuild cash and you have little to now expenses. you get hands on connections with management which can be a plus but take that with a grain of salt. advancement is super easy to achieve if you have just a lick of common sense which is both good and bad. on the up side you can move around from position to position easily.
Very high energy environment. Always something new!
Easy work for great benefits. Its only the lazy people who complain
the pay is the only good thing
Initial training is good and tuition benefit is nice. 51 percentile on wages isn't terrible. Every year in January the company offers associates $1000/year up to $5000 if you quit during 30 day period but can never work for the company again. 4 years employed
Very Easy, not much else.
See the funny stuff people buy, work with some cool people, nothing else really...
Lots of autonomy Can really make a difference regardless of seniority Allowed to fail and learn
Good pay for a distribution center. Good benefits. Paid time off, vacation, and unpaid time. There are bathrooms to cry in.
Smart co-workers, better than average custom development tools, opportunity to work with and on great technology and make a difference
Not to bad... Great pay
$10 an hour, really Amazon? In-n-out burger pays more than that to flip burgers.
Interesting new shows and programming
halfway decent pay. okay management
Work, when it's available. Cross training on machines when it's available.
Fast paced, great people to work for, Great benefits, you can move around the company very fast, Opprutunitys to advance.
Great benefits, great salary, it could be fun place to work. I like it most of the time.
- Interesting Work - Smart People - Fast Paced
The people there are awesome and they pay is great fast moving fast paced job. Place is amazing cafeteria is awesome!! Very advanced.
Safety is there #1 goal. Good pay.
Team work, Learn a lot about the warehouses, great people.
Decent pay. OK benefits for part time seasonal workers. If you don't like your area it's fairly easy to be moved. As much ibuprofen as you want to deal with the backbreaking pain that comes along with the work.
Great learning experience. Great career progression opportunities. True MBA graduate role.
The work is relevantly easy, but there is continuous movement. I worked during peak and they work you for every dollar. Nonetheless they do a good job at promoting safety, caring for their associates, and try to make it fun.
The Culture and the People are some of the best I've ever seen.
Great pay, with benefits, and perks
-Fast-paced, high-tempo work environment. -Entrepreneurial spirit and culture -Empowered by leadership to create change at the local level -Everyone on the team is incredibly talented
There aren't many. I would say the people, but all of the people I worked w/ came from subsidiaries, so they were "bought" by Amazon.
- Hours are very normal. I work 35-45 hours per week from a laptop (i.e. I can work from home when I need to). - All of the managers I've had have been very motivated to address my needs. - Lots of potential to own big initiatives and products. - Very good benefits. - Great urban 'campus'. - Fun atmosphere most of the time. - Your peers are some of the smartest people around.
Easy to get your foot in the door. Great work ethic. Decent pay and compensation. Great chances to work with or in other departments.
Pay is good, Room for growth, Benefits are good
Super smart people, fabulous customer focused culture. As a Sr. Product Manager I swear I learned more about product management in a short time at Amazon (AWS) than I did in many years at other companies. They will pay you well, especially the first couple years.
reasonable pay ,opportunities to work overtime good manager.
Always something new to do and learn.
Great Pay and fun environment
Good pay, fun work, good coworkers, good benefits
Working on problems no other companies have at scales they couldn't dream of Working with brilliant co-workers that will teach you new things daily When you do good, you get praised, and it feels great If any of the above aren't happening, you talk to your manager and have them change it. If that doesn't work, you can easily keep escalating any problems higher until you gain traction with them.
Great opportunities, good benefits, able to relocate within the company across the world.
Good benefits, plenty of overtime
Love the challenge at work and the pace of the job. Lists of opportunities to grow and advance. Location is also great
Steady hours management was quick to fix issues....as long as they were issues that affected production.
AWS is a very good place to work for 1-2 years, but it is not a place to stay long. You learn a lot quickly
Full time job with benefits the rate of pay was ok. Co workers are very friendly for the most part
They have good benefits, jobs are not that difficult, you're guaranteed 3 days off a week vacation personal and unpaid time
The company is growing and has recently increased the research staff significantly. Amazon is also unique in the size and scale of its operations from AWS to retail supply chains - you get data and problems that are an academic's dream.  The company is result driven, and there is a high pressure, but you learn a lot about things you would never imagine from outside. In my time here, I have worked on cutting edge research to writing terrible code that has been deployed across the company.  If you get on a good research team or important project, you can have a huge impact.
It started building my experience on warehousing,group work,and career development.
Easy work, laid-back uniforms, fantastic hours
you can find challenging work that interests you
Good pay, friendly managers and coworkers.
people there are friendly and easy to get along with. the pay is decent for a first time job if you are straight out of high school.
- Great pay for entree level job - Quick and easy training period - Supplies consistent work with plenty to do - Various job positions and rotation cycles
Get lots of different experience such as payment assisting a customer with an issue a little bit of technical support allow you to actually use a company in a different light
Great Hours Great Pay Fun
Pace, Challenges, Learning - One has to deliver work at a rapid pace. Fail fast is a mantra here and there is no space for slackers!
pay you a nice salary
everything about the company is good
Great people to work with
They willingly hire people with little to no experience, thus affording applicants a chance to work.
High potential, high energy teams with a lot of innovative startups working within an ecosystem of a large scale Ecommerce company. Where, what and how you want to grow is all up to you (after you finish a year, and prove your mettle).  You could choose to be within a startup business or a scaling business and still have a lot of learning opportunities.  However, don't expect to be served responsibilities in a platter - even if you're an Ivy League alum.  If you're a type A - this is the place for you If you're a detail oriented person - be here If you like a low key job, that hums along - I don't know of anyone with such a job within Amazon.
The benefits and the stocks and bonds are the best
benefits, close to home,
Great benefits! It's easy to move up as long as you work hard and make an impression. You are also given a portion of the companies assets. Discounts down hurt either.
Good insurance, overtime, and bonuses.
you can learn a lot of cool stuff here. meet lot of smart people
A lot of opportunities, if you're an overachiever you can find things that need to be done and will be able to make an impact. Amazon also values ownership of the product so, you will be able to take real proud of your work and you will be able to talk directly with people in other teams easily to get things done.  Learning: there are a lot of talks, events, mentorships, video and manual resources at your disposition to become better at what your do.  Team: you'll work with very capable people with deep knowledge in IT who will make you reconsider your approaches. The people is very direct when they say things to you which minimizes the time you spend in discussions. Some people might not like it, but I did. Time is a precious resource so meetings were usually short and direct to the point.  There were also company organized events to mingle and there are always opportunities to have fun like foosball, ping pong or playing humans vs zombies.  The benefits are really good too, with a 6 digits salary + RSU + relocation + signing bonus + medical insurance.  The work-life balance isn't too bad either, although expect to work around 45 hours a week on average + on calls (which in my team, wasn't that bad).  Overall, I feel I improved a lot as a person and professional by working at Amazon. It was the first company I felt really committed to and the core values are really lived at the company. Your experience highly depends on the team you are, but I would certainly recommend to work at the company.
Smart people, awesome place to learn cutting edge technology
Work culture, lunch tokens, transportation, dress code
Great way to gain experience and make a decent amount of money. You set your own hours (up to a certain amount) so you can work around whatever schedule. Decent pay at $10/hour and the equipment is free besides having your own computer.
Great benefits and Vacation time off
Work from home. Convenient scheduling process as it relates to taking days off, personal time, etc.
Decent pay and I like the fact that I can work four days instead of five and still get 40 hours a week to work.
easy interview, provided apartments, convenient, return offer
Pay and benefits. You will earn a substantial amount of income if you come to work, ready to work.
Being able to work from home
Good Benefits, decent pay, reasonable schedules.
Decent Work , Weekly Pay
Flexible, reasoable work schedule and attainable goals. Able to make a measurable operational improvements. Some international travel.
Fast-moving technology, very smart co-workers. Good days are fun.
Technical challenge, smart people, growing company, lots of opportunity, strong business.
Amazing, smart, and driven teams. You have the opportunity to do anything. If you want to take up a project, provided that it is a good idea, you have the resources to do so. Amazing company.
learn a lot and fast page
Learning opportunities, Challenging roles, you own problems and are expected to find solutions.
The people were very friendly and all helpful and tasks were feasy to get the hang of and ready to get things hiking
Great place to advance to a manager at a face pace. The pay and benefits are good. As a matter of fact the flow of business is truly innovated.
Nice pay package, nice location, good company to work in.
Much room for advancement. Are surrounded by brilliant, positive, hard working people.
Good, innovative company - smart people and very data based.
Amazon was a fun place to work with a great group of Coworkers. Working on the Infrastructure team was an amazing opportunity to see how such a large company handles all its data centers.  There aren't many companies where you get to interact with coworkers all around the globe on nearly a daily basis.
I work on the Amazon Retail Website. Get to work on a wide spectrum of issues. Generally receive praise for good work.
Strong ownership of product from problem formulation to result presentation. Being able to leverage the latest AWS resources to process data at scale. Good machine learning community within the company.
Pay was above average for a warehouse worker
good salary but the stocks are just a name. you will leave before they vest
Some days you either work the full four hours or go home early, depends how many packages come in. Also, drawings take place every blue moon or weekly near a holiday.
Pay, vacation, paid time off, promotion, benefits
Amazon hiring process only selects smart people that also enjoy helping others. This makes for a great learning environment. Opportunities are endless as long as you are willing to work hard for it.
Learning curve would be exponential. Amazing place to start anyone's career. Super cool work environment.
Could not find any pros
Work from home, flexible schedule, easy hiring process
Strong team of managers, stylists, photographers, and freelancers. Hours are consistent, and the set schedule follows an 8 hour work day with mandatory breaks throughout. Safe and respectful work environment.
Other than it's a paying job, there are no pros.
Positive environment, team members and managers. This position allows one to expand their knowledge in the fields of computer science and IT while at the same time developing their leadership skills.
VTO, VCP, holiday pay, paid time off, unpaid time, vacation.
- Interesting problems - Freedom in planning and decision making
If you don't like your team its easy to move. You will never get bored. No dress code or strict working hours.
overtime is offered all the time work from home employee discount
Okay pay for mindless work. I met a lot of different people working here. Managers were tough, but they were great to work with. Benefits were great too.
The four day work week is probably the best thing about working there. You receive benefits on day one of employment.
Fast paced environment with very smart people. Lots of great innovation and ideas on how to perform better
-Experience -Opportunity to grow career -Many locations. Opportunity for relocation
simple task, that is really about it
During peak season, which is during the Christmas holiday, if selected, you can get gift cards or win nice prizes...that's pretty much it
lots of hours decent pay $11.25 Paid hours to go home whenever
good pay for warehouse work. OT available
not a single one, could not even make one up.
You will learn a ton. Amazon is very demanding but with that comes a lot of opportunity and responsibility. If you can rise to the occasion you can learn a lot and grow quickly in your career. It has a very strong company culture that I wish was echoed in other places I've worked. They live & breathe their leadership principles in a way that actually means something and empowers grassroots decision making.
Hard working people, who work very hard.
4 day work week employee discount
good pay not worth the work you do
cant think of any right now.maybe the cloud technology.
Benefits are great. The people can be pretty great to work with as well. Plenty of opportunity for overtime during the Peak season.
Work cultured is over-hyped, but its not that bad. They were very understanding and allowed you to work from home a lot.
Expand your horizons by training new associates. You get to coach others and learn how to build great pallet builds. Teach others how to be safety driven and tour beginning associates throughout the facility. Versatility via a part-time schedule. There are some financial incentives, such as gift certificates available for good work, which either work in buying gifts in our building, or works towards certain stores. Many different job functions available throughout the facility. Many people love that it is a safety driven culture. Others like that they can write ideas down and get a response (i.e. be heard).
Good training, reasonable pay, advancement opportunities from within. Safety oriented mindset. Listens to the workers. Diverse work force
Great pay, Easy job. Relaxed dress code is definitely a plus.
You can easily switch team in case you think that the team you are in, is not good for your career growth.
Lots of experience and learning
Three days off only pro
Good pay and new technologies
Internship is centered around a 3-month long project with a mentor and a manager to help you. You have a chance to make significant contributions to your team's codebase and even push your code to production. Knowledgeable and friendly coworkers.
Health Benefits, Paid Time Off,
great working environment, encourage self initiatives
Depending on building location there is a decent amoutn of freedom for reporting and handling EE issues.
Pay is good short 3-5 hour shifts work out well with school picking up extra shifts is super quick is super easy with their website
the company spoils its employees
You had a lot of people working around you that was working for the same goal
The sense of ownership just grows on you
I enjoy the fast pace and learning new things.
Okay Pay Good Benefits Lots of perks for being at work every day Discounts online Break rooms are pretty loaded with things to do..
One can try any new ideas and easily develop a web service with convenient dev tools
Benefits Day One of Employment.
Amazing technical teams combined with a Principle centered hiring approach. Never had more pleasant courteous people around me. Everyone will hold a door for you!
The benefits, friendly and the pay rate
Learn how to talk over others and how to communicate with overly confident coworkers.
Great oppurtunity for growth, Great benefit package, 24 hour access via internet to EHR service, 4 day work week, exceptional work enviroment.
Benefits from day one. Lots of perks. Full time work. Heavy workload. Periodic raises. Incentive programs. Stocks 401k.
Work from home that's about it
Simple, works with schedule, friendly
The company is constantly on the cutting edge, and looks for its employees to use new tools and technologies. You're also working with really smart people, so you'll learn a lot.
Great exercise, you learn a lot about what goes into how product comes in and gets stowed on shelves to customers ordering products and the process of picking that specific item/items, how it's packed and sent off to the customer. I hurt my knee on the job and they took care of me. Put me on medical leave, Put me on Fmla. short term disability and when I came back with restrictions of only being able to be on my feet half a shift. they brought in a nice adjustable chair for me to use. They made sure I only stood up the first part of my shift. We worked over nights and HR wasn't there so they could have gotten away with not following the rules but they didn't.
You get to work with smart people, different industry verticals and different tech areas. This job prepares you for leadership positions in industry.
Great Benefits, Great Opportunity.
Excellent hard working, considerate happy
Tedious and mindless work if that is what you are looking for.
Cant think of any other than that they are located in downtown but dont provide any transport for non employees or meal benefits like other engineers.
Amazon is an incredible place to work, filled with amazingly talented people. It is a place where new technology meets the salt of the earth work that happens in the fulfillment centers that drives the heart of the business. This unique situation is held together by core principles that permeate all levels of the company, from the top, to the bottom.  When you work here, you will have the opportunity to take on as many challenges as you're willing to. There are few companies, tech, or otherwise, that will allow you to have almost free reign on their systems, processes, and standards. If you have the time, in addition to the work you are mandated, you have the ability to tackle any number of increasingly complex and mind-boggling challenging puzzles to solve. These take many forms, and can be incredibly rewarding, giving you experience in areas you never thought you would have. If you are someone who doesn't need direction, is self-starting and can get things done, quickly, there is limitless ability to challenge yourself at Amazon.  Some teams are situated to take off, and if you get on the right one, at the right time, and have the necessary skillset, your life will suddenly feel like it's moving quicker than it used to. Time will pass instantly, and weeks turn to months before you realize what is happening. It's an incredible experience when this happens. Both in the field, and at corporate, this type of feeling is pervasive.  Plan to be stretched regardless of the role you're in. Amazon is designed in such a way that the tasks that are given to you are almost too much for you to accomplish. You will need to be creative, take on partners, design new processes, and manage your time better than you thought humanly possible before coming on. You are in charge of your own work-life balance in the sense that you must know when to say 'slow down', or risk taking on too much and miss deliverables, this is frowned upon. Many of the reviews here fail to mention the employee responsibility in understanding their own workload, and being firm enough to push-back when it's exceeded their capacity. Most managers will understand this, and help you manage your workload if it exceeds what they think you can hit. That doesn't mean you won't have a tremendous amount to do, it means you need to know when to say enough or re-prioritize what it is you are working on. There is a tendency to take on too much, and burn out, you must insulate yourself from that process.  There's a huge demand here for the ability to get things done quickly and efficiently. Amazon has not fostered an academic work environment. You will need to work with the information you have, or can quickly dig up, and make incredibly powerful and critical decisions with what would otherwise be considered ambiguous information. This is where it gets tricky, the principles of 'are right a lot' could be replaced with the more common having 'good instincts'. Having good instincts is a mixture of both learning while at the company, and your skills when you come in. If you don't have good instincts, or don't trust your own judgement, you will have a very hard time at Amazon. That being said, you also have to be right, very often - or rapidly learn from your mistakes and improve. This fast, iterative, learning, is part of what makes Amazon difficult to work at, but also why employees who can hang on for some time are highly regarded and needed to keep on to keep the business from repeating prior mistakes.
+ Great ownership and sense of responsibility and impact, you will work on and launch technical or business initiatives quickly and often. + Excellent development culture and tools and architecture around work and getting work done + Supportive team + Most important, very very clear focus on what you need to do to advance your career (Leadership Principles) that everyone follows
CEO is a visionary Entire company has a culture of innovation and customer first mentality Execution focused environment free from normal corporate politics that plague other companies Very intelligent and talented co workers Team oriented environment, everyone is passionate about the work they do and making sure the team is successful True high performance work environment, leaders provide constant feedback to help you learn and grow Employees are encouraged to change positions every two years to help increase knowledge
I like to be a part of rapid pace to meet deadlines
FUN AND WEEKLY PAY FOR PART TIMERS.
Cutting edge technology and exposure to work that will be shaping the future of retail.
Fast moving work environment. Never bored.
Smart people Interesting problems Unique scope and opportunities
Enjoyed the fast pace environment.
working with others being able to learn different functions pay rate was a plus
get to meet people from all walks of life. most managers are friendly. compared to food, retail, cna, this min wage job is not bad. this job can replace your gym.
Great work atmosphere in the company
Wide variety of technology to work with.
Working on project that I am interested.
No pros. It was absolutely dehumanizing. Seriously. I'd rather scrape chewed gum off of the street.
worked at home so i didnt have to go anywhere
If you have at least an average work ethnic and get along with others fine then you will be okay. I was able to have good conversations with most of the people I work with and that helped me be able to do other things in my department.
Making history and being part of a global team is fun. The people I work with are terrific.
salary not that bad at all
- Work with smart people - Full ownership - Great benefits - Internal transfer program is good opportunity to explore different division at Amazon
Management does its best to make sure that the workers aren't miserable. I think that's not out of kindness, though. I think it's so that they can eek more productivity out of them. Otherwise, the work itself isn't demanding, and advancement can be swift if you want it.
Meeting new and different people
It is a great company to work for. Very fast paced with high expectations of their employees however I believe the goals set were obtainable.
My Co-workers , the benefits,
Great work experience 4 hour shifts make for flexible hours, very down to earth organization with events and sweepstakes going on all the time as well as competitions to liven up the work place.
Fun and exciting place to work.
great place to learn... not a great place for a work life balance types.
Great people and awesome company culture Good benefits and perks Atmosphere pushes you and challenges you to perform and exceed your goals
Leadership principles that they go over in orientation have a day-to-day importance in manager evaluation of employees. On top of that, quality people are getting move up the ladder.
A place where you can learn a lot about all kinds of things, both technical and about CS. good benefits, guaranteed hours, nice pay plus bonus, paid time off and paid holidays.
Co-workers, stock options and health care that you will definitely need.
End to end ownership and the ability to directly impact decisions.
fair pay love that i could bring my dog to work
Three days off four days working. There are a lot of great people here.
Air conditioned environment was nice, being that the warehouse was in Florida. Benefits were good once you get past 90 days.
Good Opportunity to grow quickly
Good Opportunity to grow quickly
- Personal Time, Unpaid Time, and Vacation Time are great and easy to get approved for
Work from home, awesome team leads, people oriented, create your schedule
none other than good compensation
Benefits, Stock, Travel, Launch Teams, Holiday Perks
The interview process was simple and easy as long as you complete the application efficiently and pass the drug test. Got hired same day I applied. Had orientation within a few weeks and started training the following day. Only work 4 days a week, 10hrs a day, outside of peak season, 11hrs within peak. The pay for full-time associates starts out at $11.25 with opportunity to make up to $15 especially within peak season. On day of hire, you have 10hrs unpaid personal leave, 3hrs vacation, and about 4 paid time off. Health benefits are reasonable and affordable. On the warehouse floor, there are several departments to work within. I started out in Stow and ended up in Receive. I'm now working on being a problem solver and hopefully soon after that an Ambassador. Lots of opportunities to develop and move up to leadership. Opportunity to make good money and make new friends.
Great mentor/support system Just enough responsibility for the job title Take good care of their employees overall
I interned at an Amazon photo studio over the summer. Here are some of my thoughts: great professional benefits opportunities for growth clarity in workflow team bonding and employee outings are encouraged
recognition for hard work tuition reimbursement employee shares internship opportunities for full-time employees
very laid back people dont care about their jobs
Lots of opportunities to be innovative and create solutions to problems. Freedom to try ideas, Benefits are fantastic, stock awards are great. looks good on your resume.
- Lots of smart engineers - Great location - Really good pay
Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k), discounts on website, easy work. I enjoy working here, and they allow you to advance within the company.
Great experience, respected in the industry
Great Career opportunities and endless options
If you are someone who likes challenging, fast-paced environments with the autonomy to approach your goals in your own way, then this will be where you want to go.  I love working here because every day is a new and rewarding challenge and there is always more to be done so you are never bored. Work-Life balance is definitely achievable but you need to set expectations around that and stick to them. No one is going to hold your hand here you are in control of your own situation. That doesn't mean others won't help (they definitely will) you simply need to be the one reaching out and speaking up because they have just as much on their plates as you do.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the largest cloud company in the world. Employees get to see and be a part of cutting edge technology.
Decent pay (could be better), good benefits (vacation, personal time, medical, dental, vision, 401k, restricted stock units), and 4 day work week.
The pay. Not much supervision. You aren't watched at all. Late passes Only satisfied because you are able to be cross trained and rarely have to do your main job.
Easy to get the job.
Whenever you can get hours it is nice. They have a good routing program
Decent pay (could be better), good benefits (vacation, personal time, medical, dental, vision, 401k, restricted stock units), and 4 day work week.
Love the pay (well over $20 an hour) even with out a degree, and zero warehouse experince.
They helped with relocation and paid well but it did not help at the end of the day when I didn't accomplish much
Working at amazon opens a lot of doors. The managers and other associates make it a fun place. The shift and given job can impact your personal experience.
Lots of benefits, punctual raises, tons of opportunities to move up within the company. If you're willing to work hard, you can go so far with this company. They have locations all over, so the chance to try some place new is excellent. Lots of overtime offered, and at 2 year, you get stock benefits.
Smart people. Great work environment! Amazing challenges. Unique scenarios. Tons of data. Can work on something new always. Many teams to choose from.
Benefits start on day one.
There are none other than 4 day work week.
Fast paced, never a dull moment, full of surprises.
The healthcare after 90 days is especially generous but was told during hiring that it was just one benefit that would begin immediately, which it doesn't.
Challenging work. Lot of Responsibility - will love your work.
fantastic work environment great team.Love to work there
Provided a very flexible environment to work.
Benefits, Consistent Hours for Actual Amazon Employees, SMX employees varied. HR team always available, any shift.
Fast paced environment, over-time builds your paycheck, holiday pay is awesome. 4 day schedule gives longer weekends. Great wealth of resources, but it will take some time to find them and learn to utilize them accordingly.
Tons of room to move around and try new things
Great pay, amazing talent, and a sense of belonging. Your cohort wants to be there and there is a common vision to work towards making Amazon one of the most important businesses in the world.
The pay is good and the benefits are good
learning opportunity, good for people starting career
To provide context, my org is Marketplace (the platform for 3rd party sellers). Anyways, the pros: - Good work life balance. 35-40 hour weeks. - Great coworkers. Everyone is friendly. Nobody has an ego. People are generally pretty smart. - Internal tools are absolutely fantastic. Engineers can focus on engineering. - Lots of horizontal mobility (switching teams, projects, etc.) - Managers here work hard to foster your growth and to make sure you get to work on things that you're interested in.
Innovative, dynamic environment where you can work with exceptionally smart people on world changing products and services.
The managers are awesome and the pay is nice!
Great scale and awesome problems to work on. You can change teams every twelve months and try new things. Enjoyed my time at Amazon immensely.
In downtown seattle.Lots of food options for lunch and dinner Nice and clean working environment. Flexible working time.
No one will stand in your way if you have innovative ideas. You get to build things(depending on the team) the best way that you think they should be. You get to own your mistakes too.
freedom to work from anywhere
Customer focus draws great employees.
Its a great company. Lots of benefits. Pay. Can maybe move up if you work hard enough. Makes me smile.
Best work culture and you find yourself bonded with the workplace. People are creative and you will get a chance to share your ideas to improve the process.
Good opportunity to learn work with smarter people
* Lots of ownership. For those who like to get their hands dirty -- it can be a great fit. * Room for growth. If you have the right management chain, you'll move quickly. * Top-shelf engineers. For managers, this makes life easy.
Good benefits, lots of overtime possibilities during peak seasons. Starting pay is above average for Florida, some cutting edge technology.
Growing organization with exceptional employee focus.
helpful, can help to gain some industry experience
the company has a good work culture
Unlimited growth potential. You can do as much as you want. If you want an 8 to 5 job boring and slow this is not your place
Good organized company. managers always listen to me. good pay for warehouse work.
Salary and benefits are very competitive and stock grants can be worth a lot of money. You will gain some valuable experience and some of the people you will work with are awesome.
Easy to make friends when you're under fire all the time. Most peers want to support each other because everyone knows you get no help coming on board, and yet are expected to get up-to-speed quickly. You'll walk away feeling like you're always watching your back, but in a twisted way it helps you clean up your act and become a better employee and happier person, grateful for the next job that comes along after the Amazon experience. Looks good on a resume.
Steady hours, good for people who want a set schedule, easy to move up in company.
The benefits are really good. 401K, PTO, Unpaid time off, Vacation. Overall would recommend for people starting out.
Given so many opportunities to be inventive and creative to simplify processes, create new products to impact change for our customers and clients to build stronger partnerships and better experiences. Constantly able to be challenged if you want to go outside your comfort zone to build your professional and even personal skills and experience.
You can make your own hours, I really like that I can work from home. It's an easy job, not much work at all.
Three days off each week and being paid ever week. The company offered a competitive hourly wage to the staff.
Great place to work and make a carrer
Meet some nice people there
Has a great work environment. Managers are always there to help no matter what. Great pay
Ownership and the ability to move quickly and deliver
Stock, EE discount, co-workers, free coffee, snacks
I was between jobs and working from home was a nice benefit until something else came through. Training was thorough, Laid back approach that puts the customer first was great! I could be myself. Good team environment given the virtual team make-up of online working from home. Kudos were not hard to come by.
* Work among talented, intelligent people * Work on exciting projects at the forefront of cloud development * Everyone is inspired and hard-working * Clear sense of company culture
Some good coworkers. 12.25 starting salary despite no work experience. No interview, immediate hire - didn't even look at my resume. This may have been because it was a new warehouse. Opportunities to promote.
Alot of overtime with benefits
Pay, occasional opportunity to win prizes by way of scratch off tickets
The base level workers (tier 1) are all pretty nice and great people. You usually get 3 day weekends as they have 4 shift weeks.
Alot of awesome perks, casual dress code and great people to learn and interact from.
Amazon is a great place to move through the ranks quickly. The qualifications for most positions are entry-level and easily obtainable. The leadership principles taught by Amazon are a great foundation for any leader.
You work 4 days a week very comfortable work area. 15 minute break every two hours fast pasted
Company ambition - there is no boundaries to what is achievable. Having a 7 year ROI timeline allows for rigorous evaluation of an initiative before making a premature decision.
Great benefits, love the co-workers
Fast moving and tons of opportunity for growth. You will get direct and immediate feedback and given the opportunity to learn and improve quickly.
Amazon us a great place to work and begin a wonderful career. They truly respect and greatly value their employees. It is challenging yet rewarding.
People are driven, smart, and engaging. A good team can make your experience worthwhile and enjoyable on a daily basis.
Amazon is a great place to work. Great management and other people. Good benefits and hours.
Challenging work, great location (Seattle, WA), high pay
It is easy to manage your time off and it is completely up to you when you do it.
Enjoyed the work environment. Very relaxed and allowed for work life balance. I worked for a fast paced piece of the business that allowed me to be directly involved in the growth of the company.
Managerial roles' pay is good (however, if you consider the long hours you work the pay is not high at all) And you got great company brand names. Health insurance and 401 are just average package because the company is very stingy. Those are the only pros I can think of.
Amazon is hard work. I am a new graduate that is paid quite well, and I get to work with some of the best.
Lot of growth happening. You are always in one project or other, there is never a dull moment.
It's a very enabling and fast pace environment that empowers you to survive and shine in any big company in the US.
Good company to work for. Depends on which department you're in, things can get rough at times, but overall people there seem to be alright to work with.
great pay, pretty good benefits
Pay, consistent hours, great pay, co workers, and pay.
40hrs Job security Brainless job
"Ability to learn a lot in the field"
Money is good, friendly staff, job security
It is for a paycheck when you are desperate
Great benefits, 4 day work week
Awesome fun cool amazing hard
4 days on, 3 days off
When I worked at Amazon I really like it because it gave me a good perspective on how to code well.
Very good culture. Beer plenty. More massages mean better living. Doing work on weekends is better.
High energy, fast pace, cool vibe and smart people you have the opportunity to work with. The workspace environment nice and the work attire was casual.
Strong culture, market pay and good opportunities
* Work with great people * Solve interesting problems * Lots of learn opportunities * Located in downtown Seattle
Lots to learn. Colleagues are very smart and work hard. No politics. Startup like culture.
Lot of opportunities to quit. Get one 15 minute break. Plenty of cardio vascular exercise. Free work gloves. Get work gloves replaced for free.
If you like to work like a robot in the same job day in and day out - this place is for you.
Fellow associates were very friendly. We all supported eschother.
Day 1 benifits. 4 day work week. Paid time off. Unpaid time off. Vacation time. Overtime pay and holiday pay. The pay is just okay, with raises every 6 months. Shift differential if you work night shift. Give aways during peak season.
If you get a good team, you can work 40 hours a week with intelligent co-workers and thoughtful honest management.
Lots of challenges, Good name for resume, nice team members which could be hit or miss
Good place to work with lots of other entire available for anyone willing to work it, can be rewarding if your a hard worker. Easy to advance and the higher you advance the less the work load
Great coworkers and benefits for the type of job it is. The high energy from the people around you can make or break your focus to get the work done.
Salary is good. People are smart. Get to write production code and push them almost every second day.
Leave anytime you want with upt/pto
Very good work atmosphere and culture
Great work environment. Leadership team is great to work for. They are very passionate about success. I would suggest it to anyone looking to be the best.
Good company that supports its managers. You get out what you put in to the company. My managers encourage me to continue learning and I don't feel too much pressure from them for performance.
Cutting edge technology, many smart people.
Working from home and saving on gas. Pay is alright, could be better. Benefits.
- Focus on innovation - Ability to learn and grow - Very dynamic and open minded internal community
good pay reasonable compensation and great flexible hours
Good money large break rooms easy rates
Generous stock options. Fun corporate culture. Ability to learn a lot in the field.
The pay is pretty good. Fun cool people working there. Meet allot of people
Excellent opportunity to lead large recruiting projects and teams! Career advancement opportunities like no where else and ability to create new initiatives
Fast growing company. Sign-on Bonuses and stock - handcuffs.
- Autonomous, fast paced and challenging - Professional and personal growth - Everyday learn something new
Great Health insurance, dental and vision. Awesome stock options.
Friendly workers, learning opportunities, on-site medical staff, outstanding benefits, team-spirit environment.
Really great co-workers. Interview process was relatively smooth.
Great culture, good work/Life Balance
It really depends on the team that you work with as teams vary in their leadership and expectations. Fantastic experience. Work with industry best.
Pace, innovation, freedom to create, results driven environment
friendly people, cooperative working environment,
Easy work at ont 8 lots of hours ok pay (way better the 9 or 10 dollars an hour) give aways and they try to make it fun by playing music and having dance offs giving out candy all the time a great stepping stone great benefits. I love the job itself
Fast-paced, decent pay, friendly management
it is a good place to work
It is a highly competitive work environment you will work highly talented people you will be working all the latest technologies
Start-up environment with new services released every other month. Great for testing and innovating new ideas.
good people to work with
Training is thorough, managers are great and very helpful. Pay was excellent. Overall it was a fun yet challenging job experience
good work flexible work hours learn a lot
Ownership, advancement opportunities, teamwork, good pay with auto pay increases for first 3 years at each level, paid time off, unpaid time off and vacation.
The associates are diversified group of people and good to work with. Benefits are fair
Good pay and benefits and fun at first.
Flexibility and opportunity to move to other teams, high degree of ownership
its a great place to work. i like it. i am problem solver.its a great place to work.
lots of overtime lots of training
Overall great if you want to work on big projects with challenges. The caliber of people is top notch.
Great Senior Management and Employees
Mentally it's an easy job. Physically it can be hard being on your feet on hard floors all day. Invest in a good pair of shoes. Be aware this is not a career position. It is only a bridge job, an extra $ job, or a starter job. Nothing more. There are opportunities for advancement, but you have to be there at a year or more to be seriously considered for any position that pays better. It also helps if you are female and pretty.
Benefits Pay is decent. Easy to move up if you have half a brain.
Decent pay, great benefits, a lot of time off. Positive work environment. A lot of diversity among people. Lot of opportunities to learn new things. Can be quite fun if you get into the right role.
Fixed schedule for most part can recieve overti,e if wanted.
It's Amazon! You get to be part of the growth, chaos and fun of an amazing brand. The employees are some of the top minds in business and everyone brings diversity and value.
Pay and benefits are very good
Smart People Ownership Ability to influence processes Ability to take risks
The base pay is good. You can wear what you want. Usually can work overtime often
High Salary. Resume Builder. Benefits
Amazon is a good way to get some experience with working in a large, respected company. They also pay very well for an internship. It's definitely a good experience if you are looking to get some well known companies on your resume.
Decent wages, great benefits, fast paced environment, overtime
Benefits, Work Environment, Pay, People
Excited to see what is to come......
Plenty of work to be done. Lots of interesting, fun people to engage with. Fascinating problems to solve, I get to take on as much work as I want. Note, this means that I have to understand what workload I can manage, and negotiate that with my manager. This is a company where you need to where your big kid panties and speak up if things aren't right.
So much opportunity and flexibility, lots of chances to shine if you work hard enough. Things move fast and lots of exciting projects actually get accomplished. Many smart, capable people work here! Networking is great, and you can make a material difference by doing your job well.
The job is very fun and exciting and I look forward to work here for the coming years. The pay is great, breaks are cool, the break rooms are big enough and the parking lot seems like a decent size.
You'll work with the smartest co-workers, orginazition is very fast paced, and it pays well
Great pay and overall compensation package. Exciting working for a company that is growing so fast and that is doing a lot of innovating things.
Whatever else I might write here, the pay was at least kind of competitive. I also appreciated the free Powerade. It had electrolytes...
Great pay awesome training
Benefits, Pay. Amazon is a good chance for hardworking people to make decent pay and great benefits. Its up to you whether you want feel completely alone, or interact with others in the workplace. If you go into the job with the right attitude everyday its really not that bad. Great for those who need a quick job to get back on their feet during a transitional phase..
Decent pay, dynamic work environment
Great company that cares about its employees. Good pay and opportunities to move up. You have several opportunities to work overtime and you work on a point system for time off. You can wear whatever you want to work.
Competitive environment, constant feedback from management, huge amounts of learning and experience gained in very short time frames.
Great Benefits: time-off, healthcare, incentives, etc.
Smart and motivated people at the company, with most believing truly that they are innovating and bringing new life to experiences to customers. Although pay structure a bit complicated, it is a good, fair scale.
Flexibility to switch between the roles
I at least get paid weekly.
Amazon is doing lot's of cool stuff...but lots of boring stuff too. There are really well run teams...and very badly run teams. The experience for software managers and engineers is all over the board, from really run low operational load teams to teams where people burn out after a year. - Amazon is built, quite deliberately, to be Darwinian. You can generally expect that anyone who's been here for more than 2 years
Good money, flexible, excited. It's the best place to do what you want to do.
Lots of work time goes by fast, fun activities, dj lunches ice cream vending machine, ping pong table, and lots more
The managers and recruiters are really active and energetic.
Benifits, pay, insurance time off
Good company to work for
Good company to work for. Always get to learn new things
health benefits , working with good people on the floor
Great environment to work in
Lots of Overtime available, work smart and there is room for Permanent position. A lot more focus on making customer happy compared to most companies.
fast paced, hard work, always end the day exhausted but in the best kind of way if you enjoy working fast and hard you will love it here.
Extremely intelligent co-workers. Lots of cool technology.
Strong technique. I could learn the latest techniques. The work environment is great. The relationship in the team is awesome
Good pay 4 days a week of work Carreer development oppertunity
Some really smart people work there. A company that really values and 'gets' technology. Beautiful offices. Great places close by for lunch and after work activities.
Good amount of vacation and personal time.
Time off, pay, flexible schedules
Good benefits, decent starting salary for warehouse
Learned more than my time in any other position
Great work environment and what not
If you work hard you can move up a lot of people don’t want to do that. 48 hours of paid time off a year 40 hours of vacation first year 80 hours seconded year 80 hours of unpaid time a year Monthly bonus up to 8% of your pay (4%attendance and 4% building performance) this doubles during oct, nov, dec to 16% 4 shares (teir1) or 6 shares (tier3) of stock every year that vests in two years 10% off at Amazon up to the first $1,000 you spend Over time if you want it 4 10 work schedule 6 paid holidays
Very smart people, data-driven and performance l-driven culture, Amazon looks great on resume, RSUs are great if you stick for many years
good pay 12.25 an hour and 40 hours
My previous job was full of time-serving pot plants, so my bar was pretty low after that, but coming to Amazon felt like a night and day improvement for a number of reasons.  My standard answer when people ask me if I like working at Amazon, my answer is "the idiot ratio is low". You will be working with smart, committed people and spend a much smaller amount of time dealing with idiots than I have experienced in the past. I've now had 3 managers, 2 of which were awesome and 1 whom I think should not be a manager. One good thing about Amazon is that it's pretty easy to switch teams (after you've been in a team for a year). This allowed me to move to a manager and organization that I trusted.  Amazon is very good at focusing on things that matter (hence the title of my post). The leadership principles are used every day and that is really helpful if you're a software developer to prevent people from wasting time on things that are 'cool' but don't have an impact on the real world. Yes, it means you don't get to spend lots of time refactoring code or using the latest fad NoSQL database but it does mean that that you're forced to try and maximize your impact on the customer. In the long run I feel like doing a job where your work feels valued is better than having a perfectly architected codebase.
The company promotes from within, there ample benefits given, open door policy and bold leadership principles.
Get paid to exercise in the warehouse
You can probably move easier within the company. Read the cons. It may be worthwhile to move out rather than in.
Decent pay and low barrier to entry for a warehouse grunt. Leadership team was generally supportive. If you're not a complete dolt you can move up from baseline positions pretty quick. Good health insurance if you are full time.
Decent pay and health plan.
Culture, colleagues, vision, and opportunities. The relaxed environment and absolute freedom to truly innovate and be a real leader is 2nd to none.
Good pay, good hours, celebrate holidays, and birthdays.
The team has been excellent. Active, innovative, lots of things to do and things to learn. Pager duty varies from team to team, some do not have it at all. Interesting projects, a lot of promising ideas to be implemented.
Good hours,bonus,and three days off, alot of overtime hours available st peak season
Fast packed environment that will give you opportunities to grow if you are willing to put in effort and lots of time.
- health benefits begin first day - minimum 4% monthly bonus based on attendance with an additional 4% monthly bonus based on warehouse output (doubles to 8% for both during Oct-Dec) - overtime opportunities - friendly relaxed atmosphere - shift/department transfer requests accepted after 90 days - 4 day work week - competitive pay, including an annual pay review of similar jobs in the area - substantial shift differential for night shift employees - tuition assistance (career choice program) - pay raise every 6 months
Fantastic place to work. The coworkers are very friendly, and the work is always very rewarding. It's a great place to expand your career!
Great company with lots of growth opportunities
lots of incredibly intelligent people and challenging problems
+Autonomy +Smart People +Industry leader +Good stamp on your resume +poor performers tend to wash out quick
The money at Amazon is good and you work alone essentially. Peak time offers a lot of overtime one month out of the year.
The staff at Amazon Prime are very friendly, and the support line is particularly attentive
Strong ownership. High growth potential.
Process only took 1 day. I went through integrity staffing, but you are eligible to apply to convert to a permanent amazon employee after your first day of working. I did everything that day app interview and drug test. You also get to pick your shift and work days.
This was a fairly nice place to work. They have good benefits and perks, and the office space was comfortable. The work itself was sometimes challenging.
Great pay, excellent people, High standards. There is no better place to work for over achievers who truly care about customers.
Junior engineers get a lot of meaningful, high impact projects. A lot of the technological problems have already been solved in a very scalable fashion, so someone right out of college is empowered to build great stuff.
..... You always will have work to do... But, they do promotions!!!
Everywhere around you, brilliant people who are passionate about what they do. A firehose of accountability from day one. A great place to learn a lot in a very short time.
Very fast pace, so work does not drag on. you seem to be in and out very shortly.
Extensive experience in wide variety of areas Excellent team members to learn from
Benefits, pay(it's above the minimum), levels of opportunities, casual work environment, easy and convenient access to computers and printers, people are usually friendly, paid time off, unpaid time off, vacation time, nice break rooms and bathrooms, the janitors do a great job cleaning the bathrooms and keeping it stocked(especially with female products).
Good place to start and learn the skills. Quality of work and ownership is good. You can take more and more responsibility if you want and will get rewarded for that.
Theirs alot of friendly co-workers.. but have no time at all to speak with them in less your on a break...or lunch...
hours, pay, convenience, training, simplicity
Fun to work at. Very fast paced place. Have Fun, Make History! It depends on your department! You have to get urself to the top, do not wait for someone else to do it for you. Get all the knowledge that you can get!
they hire you without an interview.
Its a good company with lots of potential.
You are rarely questioned in when using your vacation time, the pay is good, plus you get a bonus and company stock.
Amazon is a big name and it looks great on your resume. I joke that the best part about working for Amazon is that it will help you get a better job when you inevitably leave in 2 years.
Lots of perks for Interns, the project quality was good. Mentor helped a lot in the project. Got the full time offer.
The pay is great and its a lot of hard work
The pay is really good and the benefits are really what keep most of the people there. I appreciate the new time off structure: 40 hours paid time off, 40 hours unpaid time off, and 40 hours vacation time. You have to build up to these numbers of course but it's really convenient.
Pay is ok company experience could be good
Big company, stock growth, changing the world
amazon has a great benefits and opportunities.
Very excellent env to work in. Worked with some of intelligent ppl I ever had!
Work was good. Everything is done independently.
It is very challenging environment, a lot of codes need to be implemented fast and deployed fast to meet customer needs. The whole company is very customer obsessed and always ready to respond to customers as highest priority. It is a great place where you can learn a lot in a short period of time. When you need helps, a lot of people, a lot of departments are willing to help you get things through. Most of the people are smart and super diligent. My manager probably only sleep for 4-5 hours and constantly working everywhere.
Great pay and benefits, meet a lot of very interesting people from around the world
Easy to change teams and find something you are interested in working on
Learn a lot of stuff and good team environment
Few of the best people I have come across.
Good starting pay and overall compensation package, and the work really isn't that difficult. I started as a tier 1, and by the good graces of having a great facilities boss, I got pulled out of production and put into a facilities track where I was able to progress to Level 4 hourly.
The pay is pretty good, simple warehouse jobs.
It's a job. They have great benefits. It's not mentally hard to do, mostly a 4 day work week and they hire EVERYONE!
apply for management if you have a degree
Pay, smart people, nerds, learning opportunities
Very flexible schedule with decent pay and benefits. Perfect position for someone who need stable income while pursuing other ventures. The hiring process was quick and easy to complete.
Great place to work get to wear what u want fast paced
Great opportunity to stretch yourself into a challenging leadership role.
It is not a bad job if you do not have any skills or education but if you do............ You can get paid the same or more and work a whole lot less.
V fast &furious: large scale technical challenges. ( which they say are yours as an owner BUT only when they break) bright team mates
-Fair Compensation -Fast Pace -Lots of Resources to deliver results
You meet some good people that work there.
Good pay. good hours. good employees.
Immediate management experience of up to 100 direct reports. Extremely fast-paced environment. Exposed to leadership opportunities early on in your career that you will not experience at other companies. Annual raises based on performance. Flexible vacation policy.
The pay is decent for similar jobs in this area (11.75 for night shift). The insurance is great. You can dress however you want (within safety limits). Great diversity of coworkers, you get exposed to people outside your "shell". This is perhaps the best thing Amazon is doing well.
Living in Seattle and having access to the beautiful surroundings was a real plus. Also having access to books and pots and pans as a benefit was a real joy.
Decent pay, supportive upper management
Great company to work for at entry level.
fast paced. shifts fly by.
Entrepreneur attitude, work with super smart people, revolutionizing retail/publishing/delivery experience, customer obsession, unthreatened by change
Stretches and grows you in ways you didn't know you could grow. High stakes problems and fantastic place to learn.
great starting salary for out of college students. 3 days off per week
After working in amazon you will appreciate any other company. You'll work on interesting problems. Your solutions will make a difference for customers.
Great learning experience. I learned a lot while working there.
Good competitive pay, good benefits starting day one.
Tremendous scope for going in different professional directions in different domains, with different technologies, etc. Very different work environments/cultures in different parts of the company. Reports of slave-driving behavior generally exaggerated. No sense of robotic corporate kool-aid that all must drink. Competitive compensation, pleasant location, looks good on resume, etc.
Most days I would classify as great days. The people I work with are fun and the work is always changing if you like that sort of thing.
- Amazing drive to innovate - Fast paced and always interesting - Seemingly unlimited resources for process improvement projects - Some of the best, most qualified people I've ever worked with. - Compensation is exceptional.
good people to work with
Never bored. Always something to do. Opportunities to leave early.
Decent pay..set schedule..good benefits culturally diverse
Full benefits and a large assortment of packages to choose from. Stock options - only two-year vesting period.
Pay is good, network contacts that work in regular fullfillment centers tell me it's a ton of work, and that work/life balance suffers, but that generally they are happy.
Great benefits, possible upward mobility, college program, excellent coworkers helpful staff, work hours are great, four ten hour shifts, three days off.
Many projects and opportunities within Amazon. You get a chance to work with some of the best talents in software industry
fast-paced, challenging environment with the opportunity to rotate roles
Smartest people you will work with. Learn a lot in short amount of time. Will get challenged everyday coming into work.
Provided me a good seasonal opportunity between jobs. The facility was close to my home. Good group of people I worked with.
Loved the people and time flew by. Enjoyed working on the dock and learned valuable job skills
I love working here and lots of inventions happen here
Amazon is doing lot's of cool stuff...but lots of boring stuff too. There are really well run teams...and very badly run teams. The experience for software managers and engineers is all over the board, from really run low operational load teams to teams where people burn out after a year. - Amazon is built, quite deliberately, to be Darwinian. You can generally expect that anyone who's been here for more than 2 years is competent and motivated or they wouldn't have survived. You can count on them as long as your priorities are aligned. There aren't many slackers here, and they don't survive long. - We work on so much stuff that there's always an opportunity to find amazing cool stuff to work on (note that it's an 'opportunity', one that you have to pursue) - A chance to make a huge difference - A place where you can learn a lot about all kinds of things, both technical and about yourself.
The pay is every Friday. That's about it.
Expanding and growing extremely fast, a lot to do and a lot to learn.
You can do almost anything and build any effective idea. Not heavy on politics. Some very smart people here and they work to ship fast.
Good exposure, big opportunities. Learned to refine business planning logic, write white-papers, and enhanced my understanding and application of "data driven decisions".
Free Popcorn and water, that's about it. Since it's a 20 word minimum I hope I hit it. Seriously, that bad.
Amazon was a large company that was able to offer decent health benefits and competitive pay. That is essentially all the positive I have to say about the company.
The management have really good attitude and it speads to the workers.  The work is fast paced.  You get crossed trained in many different areas and the managment tries and keeps you where you enjoy the most.  The bonuses and benefits are very good.
Flexible time off, and you can email HR . Also they give away great gifts.
You made it through "Peak Season" now you've earned a great incentive! After around the first month of the year, "The Offer" will be made to you. One peak season and you've earned about $2,000! Go for it!! It's there awaiting for you just to sign for it.
Challenging project, Flat management style
You'll work with a lot of smart people that you can learn from. Lots of great tools at your disposal. And you'll likely work on something at a massive scale, which is an interesting challenge.
Dynamic work environment with
Ideas/Process improvement can be initiated at the ground level. Free coffee.
high pay, always something to do, and employees are friendly
clear job definition and responsibility. Nice team to work without any issue. Recommend to work for amazon if any chances. Good pay and good benefit.
Great learning experience. You learn multiple programming languages even you are a fresh graduate. You get lots of opportunities to learn from the senior guys.
There is so much going on at Amazon that you can feel the buzz as you go around the campus. Your colleagues are smart and driven. Moving around the company is encouraged and you get new experiences. It is the closest thing to a meritocracy that I have ever been a part of although that seems to be changing slightly as the company gets bigger. It's cool to be a part of a company that is so often spoken about in the news. When you tell people that you work for Amazon they usually tell you how much they love PRIME and about their most recent shopping experience.
Smart people, plenty of opportunities to deal with ambiguity
Excellent culture and community to learn from
good learning opportunity and career growth.
Ownership, really smart people, interesting and fast paced work, opportunities to make big impact, relatively flat organization structure which is less bureaucratic
Opportunity to hire, train, and lead large teams. Stock price is increasing so the stock options are great if you stay. Opportunities for promotion. Opportunities to improve the process.
Working in the comfort of your own home is great!
fast pace collaborative environment. customer centric.
You get paid more than minimum wage in the area. They job can be pretty easy if you stay on task. Amazon is hiring everyday so you meet new people everyday. many different job task opportuities.
Just got accepted here, nice benefits and pay scale. The train you to operate machinery, which is a major plus.
Good Benefits, great developmental programs, good atmosphere.
Give you lots of hands- on experience
Fun environment, lots of autonomy. I had a lot of opportunities given to me in which I could have succeeded. Dogs allowed in the office was an exceptional thing as well.
good exposure, lots of money, great place , good food
They have very good benefits, 401K, Stocks, vacation, personal time off, unpaid personal time off, Insurance. Employees were good to work with.
Room for advancement if available to relocate. For the most part the culture allows open feedback for processes resulting in functional improvement
Lots and lots of work which is good thing for a new employee. You learn a lot here.
Hard problems to solve Lots of space to make decisions Very customer focused
High Pay and great peers
High Pay and great peers
Fast paced and fun to work with my team. Everyone is helpful and willing to teach you how to be efficient.
Great place to work. But have to have flexibility to work any shift.
Big company. brilliant people there, can learn a lot of stuff. Changing pretty quickly, Advanced technology, open source. keep in pace.
Mindless work where you can zone out most of the day without getting in any trouble. Pays much higher than the minimum wage.
Working at amazon is fairly easy. The interview process is easy and the pay is decent. After a couple years you get stocks.
They will hire just about anyone, pay for schooling after a year. Decent insurance and benefits
Good pay for having no exiperence.
good company and good work environment
- You'll be working with smart people - You'll have tons of responsibility - Work is interesting
The people that work here are often extremely dedicated and smart, and are content with less while doing more. Some of those people are pretty good role models and in general everyone is pretty helpful and kind.
Smart people, opportunity to access upper management, challenging projects
Part-time, decent pay, easy to get time off
If you get on a good team, you get to own a lot and use your ideas to build products. Assuming your ideas are shared, of course
Quality of work, smart people, customer focus
name recognition, fair compensation, invent and grow
Benefits are good , people fine,
*Very competitive total compensation *for most AMs, 3 days off per week *Amazon years are like dog years in gaining industry experience *Huge growth creates many opportunities if willing to move *Encouraged to find solutions to processes whenever you see fit - it is not difficult to create changes that save the company $$ and talk about in future interviews.
Great coworkers Good benefits Friendly atmosphere Incentive programs Fast paced environment Room for advancement
There are some legitimately smart people here, so you can definitely learn a lot if you're willing to.
Seattle is a great place to live. You get to work with really smart people. Some of the automation improvements being made in retail are cutting edge.
Great benefits packages and compensation opportunities
Friendly environment to work, very few restrictions and transportation provided by the company.
Great company to say you work for! Being from 2 different businesses within Amazon, I have seen 2 totally different companies. The larger fulfillment centers have great cultures and are fun to be a part of.
good environments, fast move company. you have relative small groups to finish the task. the leadership principals are benefits
Extremely fun job. You get a chance to be creative and promote a product, Amazon Student. You get experience managing inventory, social media accounts, and present and pitch Amazon to large crowds of people. Overall great experience!
They do what they say-Work hard and try your best then they will reward you and back you up if you need almost anything done. After being hired, Amazon gives everyone a chance to grow, be better and become your best because they believe everyone can improve. Amazon wants the best and those willing to work hard. Do your best at Amazon then they will help you grow your career.
Work with smart people Competing and cutting edge work fast development process
Team work. Pay is good. Great benefits
A strong data driven culture. The company encourages a strong bias for action. It rewards acheivement and impact across company.
Hot area, with amazing growth. You will do things at scales you did not think were possible.
a lot of time to make a decision
good pay decent environment, overall decent entry/first job
Very energetic environment, smart coworkers, constant drive to success and push harder. Can be a very fun place to work.
great place to work nd benefit yourself
Great learning opportunity, dynamic working environment, cooperative staff, fun environment
State of the art logistics.
Thought stock was worth something
- Good pay for a new college graduate. - Great management experience managing extremely difficult associates.
Easy to stand out if you do a good job hours are pretty flexible It is completely different from other areas of the building
40 hour weeks and you only work 4 days a week
variety and scope of work is bigger than any company in the world
Short Days opposed to the full time building. The overtime can only go over an hour so just assume you work 5 hour days.
Health insurance, decent pay for a warehouse job
Access to amazon infrastructure, experience and expertise.
– There are more bright, dedicated people there than any other place I’ve worked.
Pay is okay, much time to think
The pay and restricted stock grants are very fair. I was compensated well. The people working at Amazon tend to be very, very smart and it's a joy to work with people who can work through complex problems. Jobs are attractive to technically savvy people - do not underestimate the level of complexity and data analysis skills required. Amazon is very good at hiring qualified people. Seattle is a beautiful city to work in and public transportation costs are largely paid for by the company.
Great culture, ability to tackle challenging problems at an unprecedented scale. Tons of opportunity for advancement if you put the work in.
good experience here and good employer
- Possible flexible work schedule - Company stock skyrocketing like crazy - Company reputation is ok
I love Amazon for the fact that they continually challenge their employees. They take pride in development of their employees and every time I have struggled, they have always provided me with sufficient training to improve.
fast learning, edge of the technology, extreme freedom, get to own entire systems end to end, get to see the entire process of how products are developed.
-If you are young and healthy, there is potential for growth. -They offer benefits on the first day of hire. -Before my injury, I was told that I was to be promoted. That was after a month of being there.
Lax dress code. Decent pay Friendly co-workers
A lot to learn. They make you work on individual projects and you get to learn a lot.
They allow for alot of advancement and benefits. They will help as much as they can. Willing to let former employees return.
Friendly co-workers, Helpful managers Simple job
Pay is okay, much time to think
Bleeding edge of technology. Interesting work.
Amazon is honestly the greatest place to work if you're looking for a warehouse job. They literally give you on the spot jobs and the service is incredible. Speak to Todd Bavol. He will hook you up with a job so fast that your head will spin. He's a great guy and amazon is fantastic. Greatest place to work on earth.
Benefits package is pretty good
Attendence policy, and only the Attendence policy
Great benefits from day one of working. Four day work weeks at fulfillment centers, and many opportunities for promotions and raises.
Good pay plenty of work
Start up spirit, plenty of data to play with.
Challenged every day Ownership No red tape Great mentoring
Very good company to work
I can't really think of anything I was surprised to see what it was really like. There was free parking.
Quick cash for seasonal work.
Everything is great especially the benefits.
Great corporate culture. Most managers are actual servant-leaders.
Amazon is a very structured warehouse environment. Managers are knowledgeable.
Ownership. Freedom to make decisions concerning the customers complaint. encouraged to be yourself on the phone and not robotic. Amazon is definitely focused on helping the customer!
Good experience working with smart people
highly competitive environment, fast paced,good money and good stock options if you stay in the company for long.
Salary is very good, specially for intern without using company's housing. You can learn a industry system very well. It is really large, complex and solid.
Smart people, excellent location in Seattle and room to try multiple divisions in the company. Lots of employee groups to match your interests.
The gave us lots of free food. All around, a good place to work.
Become vary familiar with Amazon's offerings, and an okay discount on Prime items.
Stocks constitute larger part of the compensation
it was nice and flexible, no stress at all and choose your time to work
Access to the latest technologies Everybody is awesome at what they do--including admin and hr Co workers are incredibly smart and many of us formed good relationships outside of work Very enabled to take initiative and change the way things work
Have ownership over your work, ability to lead large teams, many different positions to move around.
If you find the right team, work really is based on leadership principles that make sense and work.
over time, great pay, works well with employees
I get to work at home, I'm trained in a ton of different areas. The pay was higher then most other call centers.
Lots of Opportunities, lots of freedom to make decisions, Total Compensation due to stock price.
Lots of interesting work to do
Fair Benefits, lots of UPT (unpaid time off), some PTO (personal time off), and some Vacation. PTO starts out with 10 hours given day 1, UPT starts out 40 hours given day1. health, dental insurance is available 1st day.
There was nothing that I found to be a plus at Amazon.....I had such high hopes but during the inadequate training I knew I was in for a ride. DOWNHILL AFTER THAT!!
Working closely with a group of high performing individuals, who are always striving to push the job boundaries. Attentive and helpful HR teams who are fair and unbiased. Great pay and benefit options. Yearly performance reviews are helpful towards self improvement. Feedback is taken at all levels with due regard, and changes can be seen happening within weeks for some issues.
Good place to intern. A lot of intern events.
Good benefits, so much to learn, access to many different tools and teams, great people, great environment to work in.
Your career path is very clear, and you're never without a challenge. As far as comp goes, half of it comes from stock (at least over the last few years when the stock has done so well).
Market Opportunity Above market wages Inspire peers Plenty of demand Innovation on steroids
They have great benefits. Even for part time employees. Including 500 dollar bonus after 3 months, 24/7 medical consultation and more!
Smart people to work with, Good learning, good growth opportunities
Ability to work from home. Health/dental/vision benefits okay. More power to resolve customer issues than other customer service jobs. Most immediate management ok.
Fast pace and forward thinking constantly trying to improve something
None, Its a horrible place to work.
Exposure to complex distributed architectures and wonderful internal tools and deployment platforms.  Exposure to internet scale and you have build the ability to design, develop an deploy features at that scale.  Ability to move around team but you may end up in deeper s#!% than you were in.
Good work Environment and good team environment
Leading eCommerce company. Doing engineering here is great.
Great ambitious plans and project. Co-workers are typically smart and hardworking. Stock prices have been good. Best bonus is the office is a dog friendly environment.
Learning, Friendly, Helpful, Opportunities,
There are none so I can not give any pros
Fellow employees, within the same (or similar) classifications are generally always receptive to other employess needs, when given the time to do so. Most employees have a knack for proactive customer service and tend to always go above and beyond the normalized 'customer centric' nature of customer service roles as can easily be witnessed within other industry classes of this nature. That is, they treat the customer's with a positive decorum that the customer is always right, even when they don't appear at all to be rightfully so. Employees here, for the most part, strive to do the 'right' thing, rather and do what is calculated as the 'right thing' by a complex matrixing system designed to give the 'right answers/responses' to customer's complaints/concerns.
Great company to work at
Amazon was a great place to grow a new career, and there was a lot of opportunity for me to try new things. When I found a good team and stayed there for a few years, it was very rewarding, and I was able to track the results of my team to the performance of my overall organization and the company. I think that is rare in tech. I stayed for more than 10 years because the culture was results-driven and it (at least theoretically) rewarded experiments and risk taking.
Development team is great, nice, friendly, helpful. Access to all environments, very automated nearly stress free deployments.
Supportive sales manager and resources to tap into. Many brands want to work with Amazon, which offers multiple relevant products. Product specialists are knowledgable!
Rewarding, in a very immediate, direct sense: working in the .com division, there is always the knowledge that you've given something their product on time and in good condition. If you've ever ordered something on Amazon.com, you know how nice that is, and given the sheer number of packages we ship out in one day (or even one shift), you're making a lot of people happy.
You are constantly learning new things every day.. every day is different.. motivates me to do better
Good tips, nice drivers, lots of overtime available
Easy relaxed environment, no pressure to showup. Leadership is helpful and supportive. Flexible work environment. Great smart people work here at Amazon.
Stocks, co-workers, hours, regular raises for first three years, 3-day weekends, flexibility of shifts, overtime during holidays, time off system.
I loved working at amazon it was a lot of fun the atmosphere was great the competitive nature of all the employees to top each other is what really made this company a fun place to work at......NOTE.....I said the employee!
Learning - you will get ample opportunity to learn almost everything, technical and non technical. But you would hardly find anyone except so called "managers" who would like to stay beyond couple of years or anyone who would like to join amazon again.
Fast-paced environment. Relationship-building opportunities with people from all diverse backgrounds, oversee large group of people even though you may be inexperienced. Learn the ins and outs of the largest supply chain company in the industry.
Pay was decent, easily hire
There were plenty of positives. The world for software engineering is perhaps somewhat sheltered from that depicted in the NY Times article.
The good thing was the friends i made and the insurance.
Great people, great opportunities to make an impact, no hierarchy and you are rewarded based on your performance, very little politics, people are great to work with!
To have their name on your resume.
Good management. Great schedule can fit to most people's needs. Straight forward. You know what you is expected. Safety first.
$11 /hr to lift boxes for 3-5hrs. Decent benefits for part-time. Always hiring.
Seattle is awesome in the summer, and lots of good food in the city Project is fun, most teams make interns do stuff that actually matter! Free shuttle that runs to international district Coworkers are nice, some bring dogs to work and you might get to pet the friendly ones
I absolutely loved the intelligence and demeanor of my team and internal clients at Amazon. They were refreshing and easy to work with, had a get things done (bias for action) attitude, taught me so much and motivated me to do my best. It is truly a world class workforce.
- Their SDE intern compensation and relocation benefits are really great. - I interned at Amazon Instant Video and you get an all access test account (basically you can watch anything from Amazon Instant Video :)
Overall Amazon is an excellent place to work and I've truly enjoyed my time spent there. Many friendly and helpful co-worker. It's like a family away from home.
The team is quite good. You will have a mentor to work with you. You will be assigned a dependent project, need to design first then implement. Not very hard. The time to work is flexible, you only need to finish your part of work.
If you are an employee they pay you well. If you can play the system, and like the people, it could work for you.
Pay is great. It is pegged to law firm market salaries, so you will be able to move in house without a drop in compensation. You will get to be a mini GC and will be very involved in the business you support.
they trust you and put you on big projects if you are workaholic, there are unlimited work waiting for you to complete
Was one of the best places to work, heard that it is not the case anymore. You can grow if you really wanted to. Become a manager in a year or two.
Boss and colleagues are very nice, being ready to help.
Challenging, tons of ownership, stock bonuses.
Fast paced environment Get to handle warehouse items Work in small teams and everyone is friendly Break room is really clean!
They offer multiple shifts, climate controlled environment.
Lots of room for advancement if you want to move up.
exercise,overtime,pay,and looking at the new items that comes out. Also if you like meeting new people then this is the spot for you
Amazon is a high functioning company with lots of advanced tech. The work is very challenging and will push you to constantly be learning.
Benefits, 401k, schooling options, time off, fun environment
Lots of opportunities due to growth
If you go above and beyond, there will be opportunities to advance, but you MUST make yourself stand out! Sometimes there's voluntary overtime
Good time management system, benefits
Was able to do chats, good management
Learn new knowledge, leadship is important
you make decent amount of money
Great benefits, guaranteed hours, pick of shift time, fun and diverse environment with crazy and interesting coworkers, good supplemental pay
Seattle Microsoft friends Great hiking to de stress on weekends
This company has viable promotion opportunities for anyone who wants it. I give it a 5 star rating.
Unlimited opportunity Great salaries and compensation package Super-smart co-workers Mobility within the company and subsidiaries encouraged for both tech and non-tech positions
Benefits are good and pay is ok
empowerment, innovation, customer centric, diverse career roles
You get to meet new people
Benefits, Steady Pay, Overtime opportunities, opportunities to move up
Better starting pay than other warehouses, 12 dollars an hr through temp agency SMX, you can sign up to leave early on days you don't want to work, you can sign up for overtime, excellent benefits if you are hired on by Amazon, you will get in excellent physical shape
Fun and exciting team. Lively enviroment.
Great experience and alot of great networking. Will develop skill sets in several different job fumctions. Money is good during peek season. Alot of awesome people!
Nothing I can really thing of other than the Brand name
Great pay. Great benefits. Not much else.
Flexibility and Pay great work environment. The shifts are perfect , easy job . I love the teamwork not every company have this much teamwork.
Good environment good staffing hard work
Nice city, salary plus relocation fee is pretty competitive, learned a great deal
Amazon is a great company. You get paid well. The work is interesting. Seattle office locations are pretty nice. A great launch pad for your career.
Strong unique culture. Relatively nimble considering the size. Working with smart and professional colleagues.
No tax in Seattle, yay.
Great Pay. Great Benefits. Great way to lose weight
None that I can think of other than that if you are desperate for work they will hire anyone who is not o drugs or can fake a drug test.
Opportunities for advancement, working on large projects with big teams. Lots of resources if you know how to find them
very smart people at Amazon
Worked with some good technology.
Salary is high 6500$ + 2500$ per Month  Project was fun
Amazon offers great benefits, mandatory as well as voluntary overtime. They also as a company make the employee feel like they matter and their contributions are appreciated. Note that I said Amazon as a company. Not the people that you work with
Not much. I will say my colleagues are motivated and many of them are nice.
cool people,easy to get lost in the system
It is a fast paced company, and you will be allowed to make several decisions by yourself.
great place to work and network. Has a great collection of talented individuals. working hours are flexible
Good learning process and overall experience
great benefits, great pay, good environment to work in very casual
Partime work flexiable. Partime benifits pYscale is ok
Great people to work with. I've also had a great manager.
Very open and welcoming environment
Pretty simple straight to the point
Very fast paced. Excellent company. CEO has great vision. Compensation and benefits are good. Get to work on very good projects. You will find extremely smart, talented and educated people. If you are a workaholic you would love it. Great leadership principles in theory.
I worked with a lot of nice people. Good pay, great benefits.
-Time goes by quickly -Challenging -Lots of OT (Good if you are hourly and would like the extra cash)
A fair rate of pay at a fast, consistent pace for the work being done. There is also a lot of room for learning new roles and moving up if you have a manager that will help promote those skills. The tuition system in place is also amazing and allows associates to grow outside of the company.
- Good starting pay for a first job  - Can earn a lot of time off. I get 40 hours unpaid time off every 3 months and 6 hours paid time off every 2 weeks.  - No dress code  - No dealing with customers  - Holiday pay and variable compensation paid (VCP).  - Three breaks. Two 15 minute paid breaks and one 30 unpaid break.  - Really good benefits if you're an Amazonian.
Clear expectations and clear policies
You'll work on bigger problems at a more massive scale than anywhere on earth.  You will have lots of opportunities to expand your job scope and responsibility as you prove yourself.
The benefits and the pay
Great pay, solid opportunity to do more. No one will tell you not to take something on.
Good work environment. If you work hard you will see the benefits.
I get to fulfill customer orders.
Challenging work, great people and great leaders. Good place to grow
You are compensated well and can achieve a work/life balance if you're in the right group.
The only reason to work is is if you work in the corporate office. If you are a warehouse worker then there is no reason to be here unless you are a college student like me who needed a job that will hire quickly.
- Great work environment - Lots of smart people passionate about the work - lots of fun activities
I'm ready to better myself, gain more knowledge, and I'm willing to learn new things that I come across.
Absolutely huge company with tons of weight in the business world.
Innovative company, lot of smart people, cool interesting problems at scale.
Learning is amazing. Great people to work with. Global reach and global exposure. An entrepreneur's delight.
Good engineering experience, learned a lot. Big company, so things can be good or bad depending on your team. Got on a good team so I enjoyed it.
Transport, learning environment, brand value
Lots of money Lots of learning Lots of enjoyment Lots of people Lots of openings Lots of opportunities Lots of interns
Never a dull moment. If you thrive in a fast paced constantly changing environment Amazon is a great place to work. There are improvement opportunities everywhere and employees are encouraged to find them and find innovative solutions.
Time off, stock packages, health care
Good health care benefits. Top out pay is avg. $2 hr after 3 yrs employment over starting pay. Lots of deception upfront
Tons of opportunities to get involved! Good people !
Stock price moves fast and that is the way they get away with sub-par other benefits like health and 401k
Fun Environment Safety Minded Easy to know what to do Lots of incentives
Amazon's intensive interviewing loop means you get to work with incredibly smart people. It's relatively non-hierarchical in the levels below VP. They give you a decent amount of autonomy in making decisions. Compensation is excellent.
The Benefits are ok not too amazing
Work hard. Learn a lot. Get better and then raise the bar again to work harder. It's a place that will push you to grow and provide feedback on your journey.
If you get stock units (after waiting for 2 years), pay can be decent Benefits decent Smart people Good training ground
Decent pay starting at 10.75 , cookouts every now and then and have prizes if you work hard enough
I have heard from many people that the culture here at AWS is reminiscent of my former employer from 2010 (ie. 5 years ago). Work-Life balance is great. Expectations are reasonable. Pay is above industry average for experience and position. I don't feel overworked or stressed. This comes down to the way we set expectations with our customers.  I used to get phone call after phone call (about 10 per day on higher volume days) at my last employer and there was a large emphasis on us answering the phones because there was no automation system (it was part of their support ideals that you don't get menus or automated responses). Here, we can tidy up the last project we were working on before taking on a new case, which lowers stress levels and lets us focus on the customer's case to the best of our ability so that we have less going on in our minds.  Meetings are not excessive and are very pointed (the floor meeting is once per week for about 30 minutes and has a clear agenda with relevant information for the engineers).  Team events/outings and general cohesiveness is abundant. Knowledge sharing is fantastic. I feel like I'm truly making a difference when I walk in the door. Oh yeah, flexible work environment: If I want to work from home, I can. If I want to work in the office, I can. If I want to fly home to visit family (or go to a reunion), I can do so and not take time off when I work remotely.
We could bring our dogs. It's really awesome. And we can see many cute dogs. It would be a good chance to join Amazon.
I could learn lot of things from the company, and a good place to build your career path.
Easy to get Chance to advance Some cool people
Decent pay, flexible hours. Good for supplemental income.
Great exposure to different organizations within the company. Good networking opportunities. Working with smart and capable people. Benefits are OK, but worse if compared to other tech companies.
The pay The Benefits is pretty much all I can think of. It's fast money.
1. Good colleagues 2. Nice developing environment
You are able to learn fancy technologies which are popular in software engineer market.
Moderately good pay for the area. Four-day workweeks are nice and give me more time with my family on a regular basis.
Work with the talented people and become a tough guy after you survive in the fast pace environemnt
Get to learn a lot Work from home and flexible timing
Benefits, people, decent pay, a good energy in the place
I'm working with really smart people who help me to succeed while taking classes. Amazon has provided me with everything I have asked for to make my development workstation more suited to my needs/desires. I get to choose my own hours.
Leave early sometimes when no work
The only pro I can give is that your medical dental and vision are available to you on the very first day you start work
smart people, complicated problems, good benefits
Great learning experience, very smart people around you.
Small teams with 'start up' culture. You get to learn a lots of procedures which are useful to drive the quality of your work. Big campus that can feel as uni campus with good choices of coffees, restaurants...
Smart engineers. Tough problems at scale. Lots of opportunities to learn. Cross role interactions. High visibility into business.
40hrs/week Benefits Air conditioning at the fc Robot
There is lots of opportunity to get ahead. You can own a project as much as you want. Benefits are pretty good and the pay is pretty good.
Pay. Sign on bonus. RSU. Direct reports work hard and have an interest in advancement. The ability to travel around the world is nice.
Set schedule and plenty of OT Time off
Ridiculously easy job. You don't take your work home with you. The benefits are amazing. If you make friends and kiss some butt you can move up in the company.
quarterly bonuses PTO Vacation 10% discount tons of overtime
Medical, dental, vision, 401k, and that's about it
* Get to work with pretty amazing people * Decent salary
Amazon offers great benefits from day 1. They offer all full-time employees a 401k, stock options, opportunities to advance in the company, competitive salary...etc.
The days off, good benefits
Good pay, 4 day work week, fast pace!
They give you the ability to work in your own space and make necessary improvements as it was your own business.
Lost a lot of weight. Fast paced.
Decent pay, good environment, nice people, great benefits.
The culture is peculiar, have set leadership principles that can be understood and embraced by anybody in any department at any position. The cultural fit is looked into during interview process, employees breathe the principles everyday in everything they do, employees are reviewed semi-annually based on the leadership principles and these principles are time and again discussed, brainstormed and reviewed. "Feedback" is another strong aspect that is received and taken constantly and people are very honest and share/give in a very respectful manner. Extremely customer obsessed and opinions are always heard, considered and respected. The company is for people who want to taste excellence. Very inspiring, innovative, data driven, empowers its employees to do great stuff.  Additional: Good perks, compensation, stock options, good career growth
If you luck out getting into an awesome team, AWS technical recognition, some areas are high growth, amazon-only buildings could have bike lockers and showers with towels
Innovative company that prides itself of customer service in lightning speed change culture
Easy work, fantastic city and nice teammates.
If you are given an interview it means you have the job contingent drug and background check. Everything you've been told about interviews and dress for success not necessary here. Casual is ok.
Good benefits and decent pay
Pays nice , u learn new skill .management is nice. They have alot of events
You are given a lot of responsibility and are free to build, create, and design solutions without needing management approval.
Great experience immediately impacting programs that change processes nationwide
I was a seasonal employee. The job was straightforward. Lots of overtime. Good pay for seasonal. Always busy so time goes by quickly.
Good company for freshers. Good starting salary. No dress code. Free AC cab. One shift. Sat, sun OFF. OT on sat or peak season. Fun activities. Young crowd.
Fast-paced environment. Opportunity for advancement. Good health coverage. Opportunity for bonuses if goals are achieved on a monthly basis. Clean and cool (AC) fulfillment centers.
Fast paced, lots to learn, great people
Flex. Scheduling, benefits, advancement op.
Management is flexible and understanding.
Some of the teams work on really interesting products. Talented colleagues.
money , success , growth , helping others , more experience
money , success , growth , helping others , more experience
All you have to do is please the customer.
Pay is good other than that it is horrible
Awesome people to work with
Fun environment and coworkers, you will work hard and get plenty of exercise.
Enjoy the work and pace it requires
Amazing scale to work at. Lot of of exceptional people to talk to and an amazing infrastructure to look at
Amazon is an innovative and forward thinking company.
Overtime and benefits are a plus.
I've been at Amazon for several years in different technical roles and teams as engineer, project manager, engineering manager etc.. Overall, my experience has been very positive and I would recommend Amazon as a good place to work to my friends.  * Generally low bureaucracy due to decentralization of decision making - decisions get made quickly and you can focus on doing your job * Work with really smart and capable people - the hiring process is tough and most people that get hired are exceptional * long term thinking around most business initiatives gives us room to make mistakes, learn from them and get better. Other places I have worked at prior to Amazon are myopic about the bottom line that lead to many poor decisions. * Strong culture around try hard things and successfully executing on them - this experience will make you better at whatever you do after this. * the company is still growing incredibly fast (the employee count doubles every twenty months even though its been 20 years since the company was founded). This translates to lots of new and exciting projects and ideas being worked on across the company
We get to work with the most latest technologies in the market, cutting edge technological trends and the impact of the work is immediately seen in the results. It seems that the work is daunting and challenging and brings out the best in you.
It is supercool Company to work with
amazing people, lots of talented and smart persons business growing very fast fosters individual initiatives
You will walk a lot of yo might not have to go to the gym.
Great automation, incredibly brilliant people in the team
-well-designed intern project -provided great experience to interns including team lunch, happy-hour and filed trip -a great team: very diverse and balanced
Great place to learn and great people. There's large amount of different projects so you can tap into a huge amount of knowledge.
10 hour shifts, great pay and benefits, coworkers are nice, and helping people with their orders
At Amazon, much will be required from you. You will be expected to stand long hours (9+), you will be expected to meet your departments performance goals, and you will be expected to arrive and be at your station on time. Should you be able to continuously perform these duties you will be rewarded. The rewards come in the form of bonuses, higher compensation, and possibilities for advancement. In the fulfillment center where I work (Baltimore, MD), there are close to 80 managers and assistant managers. This means that leadership opportunities are open to those who can truly display what it means to be an Amazonian. By excelling at the basics you can prove to your managers that your are ready for leadership roles, which includes more responsibility. Those who want to just "work a job" will not advance and will more than likely quit. It's not for everyone, but if you can make it the rewards are vast in number.
+The pay +Friendly Co-workers +Arcade, lots of drinks and food in the break room. +Friendly and understanding managers.
Not boring, fast paced, room to grow. It is what you put into it.
A vast array of opportunities to further your career path.
Learn alot of different technologies
Higher than minimum wage payment.
Nice benefits Great opportunities for advancement within the company
There are no pros. This job was not fun and I watched management take team managers and demote them back down to on-phone tech.
Continuous growth and innovation
It's an huge learning opportunity. Some of the technology and innovations you can't find anywhere else. Pay is extremely good.
Full time, pay is ok , benefits from day 1, paid time off from day 1
Great company to work for
On of the highest LP jobs out there. Young company with outstanding growth possibility.
Amazon is an inspiring atmosphere where you are surrounded by brilliant minds, no matter your vertical, it is guaranteed that you will meet peers who truly raise the bar.
Management is very friendly here!
There is never down time. There is always something to do that will have an impact for the customer. The people I work with are incredibly smart and talented and make me better every day.
The pay for an entry level position is fairly good. The insurance is through Premera Blue Cross and is excellent. I had better insurance through them than anyone I know.
- I was afforded a surprising amount of autonomy as an intern. People rarely necessitated that I do things a specific way (unless they provided sound reasoning as to why it's better than the alternatives). They left many things up to my judgment which was very motivating for me because that allowed the work to be a true reflection of my efforts. - Help was absolutely there when I needed it. My team and manager(s) were very welcoming when I visited them with questions or comments. - Initiative is welcomed and rewarded with support. If I wanted to take up something that I wasn't expected to do, my manager and co-workers supported me, and my initiative was recognized and rewarded. - Extremely high standards which taught me a lot about developing reliable software. Now I exercise these standards in every project I take on. - Seattle is an amazing city. I have been to many cities around the world and my favorite is Seattle. If you like the outdoors, there is a ton of amazing hikes and nature activities. If you like the metropolis life, Seattle is very vibrant with a lot of nightlife chances, art shows, music festivals. There is something for every taste in Seattle.
Fast paced, time flies, decent money for college kids.
Very good benefits for their employees. Vacation time and personal time allowance are also very convenient and provide employees flexibility with their schedules.
Amazon is a winning environment. Always hiring. Lots of room for horizontal and upward movement.
At Amazon, no problem is pushed aside as too hard to solve. In fact, they go after the really hard and insolvable problems and then throw talent, time and resources towards solving them.
Pushing the limit on building highly scalable, bleeding edge services. Employees are focused on the right thing for users and there is a high degree of ownership.
You work with some of the smartest people in the industry. My coworkers are supportive and my manager is one of the best manager I've ever worked for.
always working and looking for improvement in the area you are working in.
Fun people to work with, interesting technology, and you are in charge of what you make. No getting blamed for your teammates mistake.
You can get in shape and lose weight in this fast paced environment. I lost 30 pounds easily.
They trust you with a lot of responsibility that you will find no where else. In some cases, you will manage over 100 associates by the end of the 10 week internship. This is incredibly stressful, but any job will be stressful that gives you that much experience. You learn things you would learn in no other place and gain valuable experience and knowledge. You also only work 4 days a week which is nice.  If hired full-time, there is a lot more flexibility as far as where you work and movement within the company.
It is a great place to work and an opportunity to work with some brilliant minds. - Awesome projects and great challenging work. - You have your say and get to contribute completely. -Amazon has great coding infrastructure built so coding becomes easy, fast. - Get to work on a lot of different technologies
Smart people, cutting-edge use of technology. Massive scaling and global expansion challenges.
Real world experience, good amount of responsibility given as an intern
Fun, face paced. Covered most distribution activities with one job title so lots of experience.
good benefits nice management easy work
Good company to work for in Seattle
Lots of overtime. Works around your schedule
Very challenging work, work with extremely bright people, tons of ownership, very fast paced.
Very interesting OR problems, highly motivated people
Working with really smart, motivated people is amazing and that's exactly what you'll get here. You'll be challenged every day: going above and beyond is part of the norm here.
People around you are very good Almost no bureaucracy Tons of learning Passionate and motivated people will prosper here
Great place to learn a lot at a fast pace
Good people. Virtual environment can be good
This company experiments, puts customers first and creates true innovation and value.
Benefits and a compressed work week are a big factors for me. If you work smart and hard you can find interesting work at fulfillment centers. Process changes, Training etc. There is a lot to learn if you want to!
Great benefits, lots of opportunity for bonuses, clean enviroment
Innovation is encouraged and there are a lot of opportunities to innovate because most of the business practices and systems are so archaic.
Alright experience, not sure for most but the experience is we worth the effort.
Fast Pace, keeps you busy. Good pay.
Godd company to work for
A lot of them - interesting work, smart people, a lot of benefits.
Good pay Friendly colleagues Great location Cool culture
it is a great place to work when it comes to pay and the benefits that they provide. They also allow overtime.
Full stack development. Good ownership.
no pros i left in less than a year
Overall good pay and the work schedules are good it is also very easy to take time off
full time is 4 days a week plus MOT almost every week benefits available
Fast paced, lots of room for growth, ability to lead large teams, great associates, generally hires great, smart managers.
Some of the best and most talented people I've worked with.
The pay was good. Was given autonomy to preform job.
Use some cutting edge technologies.
Steady work, friendly workers, good benefits
Customer centric company that is driven to satisfy customers. Worked with very smart and motivated individuals. The level of innovation was motivating.
Great team, top perks, etc
Good benefits, school accommodation, 3 days off from work, bonus checks
a lot of new stuff to learn
Gets you in shape. Decent Salary.
Benefits, stock, salary, easy work
Plenty of time off to enjoy
If you are looking for a job, then you got it here. Great chance to have a marvelous experience. By the time you are done, you get to put in some hours of exercise - a definite weight loss expected!
Money is ok you will make a decent amount but not enough to be worth it at all. not enough money
Not really any pros unless you like/can deal with manual labor
Challenging with opportunity to continuously find new challenges Surrounded by smart people Debates are welcomed - no need to hold back on true opinions
Chance to work on amazing things like AWS with some brilliant people
Tons of data to dissect and make informed decisions on. Associates are fun to get to know and develop. Looks good on a resume.
The CEO has enormous ambitions. You'll get a chance to work on big things and have more responsibility at Amazon than you would ever find elsewhere.  Much is made of the famous "6-page narratives" and it's true. Your writing skills will improve.
Amazon is probably one of the top companies to work for in Seattle city of Washington state of USA
All things move pretty fast.
Offered a great full time schedule which 4 10 hour shifts the opportunity of guaranteed overtime.
Benefits, Paid time Off, Holiday, Overtime, 4 days on 3 days off, health care, dental, eye.  Good workplace for those who don't want to do anything personally fulfilling in a high school like environment, if you only concern yourself with a paycheck. Great place for those with low morale and don't care to change.
You stay busy for 10 hours.
Competitive culture . Fast pace . Growth opportunities.Intercompany transfers are encouraged.
Great benefits. Stock given to associates
Great opportunity to learn from different teams, very smart people, very nice location (Seattle)
Stable hours, overtime usually available, casual dress, fast paced work within an informal enviorment, stock options after two years, 3K toward associate or certification program.
Good benefits, decent pay, Clean Safe environment. always making improvements to the facility and show some concern for employee engagement.
Work with best talent in the industry
Great benefits from day one. Everyone is really nice
Work on exciting projects. Never bored, always growing and learning new skills with support from your team and mentor. Get to work with the smartest people you'll ever meet. Your feedback matters, even if it isn't specific to your role on a given project.
You will be required to deal with ambiguity, both in product definition and in internal intent. However, it is high touch place where you will be working and meeting with the biggest names in the respective industry for your product.
Great Benefits Good Pay Pleasant Staff
Good pay with shift differential of .75, the training is also pretty decent, nothing real fancy, just pay attention.
The benefits were good. 2 managers in 6 years were good. Liked 4 ten hour days as it was a bit of a drive.
4 day work week discount of 10%
4 day work week discount of 10%
Great company to work for.
Love my job and the piople. Fantastic bosses . work hard have fun .retired disabled Vet they treat millatery very well.
A lot of overtime great co workers.
Smart people, ability to drive changes you think will benefit the customer, opportunity for career growth and great stock benefits.
Stock options, 401k, medical benefits
Great benefits. I love working in Seattle.
fixed machine, Design and plan the group process, and select the tools that best help the group progress towards that outcome, EAM, and CMMS. • Problem Solver Picker: I solve items and labels of all products.
Company has a bright future. Focuses on and understands customers and creates useful products. There are some interesting projects.
As a machine learning scientist as Amazon you get to work on new problems every day and at the same time watch your solutions impact customers. You are encouraged to think big and make bold bets. There are lots of smart and experienced people to learn from. Amazon is one of the few companies who understands that there needs to the right mix of engineering and science. It is truly phenomenal to see these two worlds work so closely at Amazon.
Set schedule , full time , voluntary overtime if desired. A lot of different positions
I like working with smart people and there is so much to learn and room to grow professionally. Being able to switch teams helps a lot and avoids those less than stellar managers.
Excels well in this field
Great temporary job for a student.
only pros are the money is good
This is a company that allows you to forge your own pathway. There is so much data at your fingertips and so many resources.  Working around a lot of strong people is really motivating.  People really take to heart the principles of the company. It isn't just some fluff words that people sometimes care about.
perfect job, from every aspect
Good benefits with decent pay. You are expected to work and be on your feet for the whole ten hours shift.
Friendly place to work, very diverse atmosphere, good time off scheduling, lots of walking.
You get to meet the super smart people around bubbling with ideas and excitement. No other place with such customer obsession in true sense.
Work with amazing people. Chance to work on cutting edge technology products. Learn to put customers and products above everything.
Co workers are ok to work with
Great benefits and the work is not hard to do .
Worked in the daily process of packing items within the warehouse. Days can go by pretty fast once you get into the swing of things. If you get into favor of management and go above and beyond, there is a chance to learn different processes. They care very deeply for their customers so you do get a sense that there is a common goal.
hardworking ppl, good name, good product
The company has a good name so it looks good on a resume. The pay was good for the limited experience you needed for the job
Great hours, can work even ever. Flexible scheduling. Direct deposit which is nice. Work from home, dont have to leave the house.
Steady work long days demanding
Great work opportunities, lots of room to move within company.
unlimited overtime, schedule 8 to 5. one and hour and half paid lunch break.
Amazon is a great place to start your career. You are expected to learn quickly and constantly and always kept on your toes.
Great company to work for.
Lots of ownership over work
Great pay and a great work environment. Everyone there was friendly and great to work with when I was there.
I thought the program was nice and easy to contribute since it is on your own time. There were a lot of training involved, so it is time consuming. I enjoyed it.
1. Everyone was fun to work with  2. Pay was good (especially during overtime)  3. Very fast paced which I enjoyed
Very smart people in my team with a lot of experience and helpful disposition. I've had little issues with work/life balance.
Amazing opportunity for growth and experience. Get to work with awesome smart people with great work ethic
Great place to work. Provided lots of enhancement opportunities. I learned a lot.
Lose weight motivating excellent place
I was given a great deal of responsibility and a reasonable amount of latitude to do my job.
Good benefits. Challenging work environment that will allow those up for it to thrive, grow and learn.
Good salary as well as decent accommodation compensation.
Work with highly motivated individuals.
Can pretty much get involved on any project you want Lots of hands-on experience Very smart people to work with and lean on
Dynamic company, plenty of opportunity if you are flexible on location
Amazon is a great place to work at if you're young and looking to learn a lot. Everything moves quickly. Very few people at Amazon will come off as not intelligent, and some of the people are extremely talented.
Lot of good projects Challenging work Smart people
Varied Lines of business providing an experience into multiple platforms and business. Also
Set schedule. Friendly management. Listens to associate's concerns/questions/etc. Free parking. The pay is decent considering the rest of the job market in Portland.
Benefits are really good
Great work environment. Lots of learning and ideal place for fresh grads to start their career strong
Nothing just going home after
Overtime and pretty much that's about it. Nothing else really stands out. Maybe cool raffles
Benefits, above average pay, 3 days off a week. And every month if your building achieves its goals you can receive the months bonus depending on a couple factors
Management recognizes hard work (at least at the Sort Center where I worked).  There is no room for micromanagement, since each Area Manager has so many employees to supervise, they just look at overall progress instead of zoning in on individuals (though occasionally you will be audited - a standard procedure).  The benefits were AMAZING for a part time job - I had medical, dental, and vision insurance, an employee discount, and countless other perks.  The work was simple, though physically taxing, but nothing too bad. A free workout.   If the managers see you working hard, they will reward you by asking you to do certain projects for them, or training you for light work in other departments, or making you a line-lead.  Predictable shifts (you have the same, unchanging schedule every week). Also, very generous paid time off/vacation options. I took about a day or two off every month and a short vacation every other month.
Time flexibility, new technologies being used all around, enthusiastic people, responsibilities ,
Amazon seems to be a company which really welcomes Intern. It was a nice experience right from the interview to the last day at office. The accommodation and travel facilities provided were really good as well. Got a challenging work. Was a very good learning experience.
Good pay and stock options. The stock performs well and consistently goes up. It is a challenging job with lots of opportunities to make improvements
starting pay is $10.75/hour simple tasks to do
Built great working and personal relationships with co-workers. Pay is good and fair.
Just Money. I think the only good thing is Money and if lucky then you may get Full Time offer.
Great learning experience. Builds strong work ethic. You get to work on really exciting products that are moving the world forward and stock is growing because of the culture of hard work.
Great team. Interesting and rewarding projects.
- Being my first (and hopefully, not my last) time in a "big company", I realized what the fuss was all about. The people are incredibly smart, and that drives you to do better. - Great work environment... small teams, more productivity. Scrums are a great way of ensuring that no one in the team gets stuck in an issue. - Flexible hours (you'll mostly work longer than 8 hours a day though)
Great salary, great compensations, and very good benefits. The company allows for flexibility when it comes to work hours
Decent pay for the work you do.
Pros: Great Benefits! Medical, Dental, Vision with 401k and stock options. You get paid time off, vacation pd time off, and unpaid time off. Then there's always the fact you work in an air conditioned warehouse.
Full work week hours, overtime (sometimes) 6 paid holidays, accrue paid time off.
Great company to work for, lots of benefits and working in a team environment. Huge warehouse very clean and orderly.
Various shifts to choose from, benefits, work four 10 hour shift with three days off, paid time and a half for overtime. ..
Good benefits, pay, and training
Majority of the people working in Amazon are positive and friendly.
I was with Amazon for four years, in two unrelated roles. -Great opportunities for career advancement, but can be hard to find or learn about. -Fun, intelligent people to work with. -Challenging, but can be very interesting work. -I got to travel a lot, which was a blessing and a curse. -Many of my coworkers bakes my close friends. -It is easy to quickly develop a great network in the company, because there is so much internal movement. Also many people leave the company and go to other great places.
Not a bad starting wage, seemed friendly
Good pay and lots of hours. Lots of benefits, stock after 2 years
Great pay and with great benefits that you get as soon as you start
Lots of opportunities due to rotation. Huge exposure to different industries, and always something new to learn.
Great work environment, clean, climate controlled, great pay.
Full Time 48 hours of personal time per year 40 hours of vacation per year Great benefits Growing company Innovative and fast pace environment
Great people to work with
Smart people, data driven and customer focused.
Challenging work environment, never bored, talented people, fast paced. Everyone works hard or harder. You get exposed to the newest technologies. You push yourself to be at your best.
The hiring process is quick and simple. They hire lots of people to fill their many open positions. They do not your previous work experience. They just need bodies to fill the positions. Perfect job for young, energetic people just getting out of high school.
Pick Own Schedule Pay Start Off At $10
Amazon offers an excellent benefits package for it's employees and there is some room for advancement.
Always hiring, Easy to get a job there. Pays better then most entry level jobs. possibility to move up to tier 3.
I get the job done I love my job
Great everyones happy and wants you to be happu
Decent pay Easy hire A lot of overtime
hours, time off, health benefits. has potential to be a great company to work for.
Get paid every two weeks
Work with great people. Work is interesting. Can easily change teams. Still a very reputable place to work.
Working with smart people. Dynamic atmosphere. Company culture and policies drive people to push their limits and improve and grow quickly. Exciting working with cutting edge technology.
Casual Dress Manangment is pretty good Lots of benefits and Help pay for an a.s.s degree
intelligent colleagues, new office building
Awesome sense of autonomy and ownership. You get to own and drive things that you'd otherwise never get your hands on. You get to work with the best of the best.
I worked on interesting projects. This internship was what I would expect as a software engineer. Also, the pay is very good.
No shortage of hours, as well as four 10 hour shifts with three days a week off.
Fast paced company that is making history.
Made my own schedule, received a bonus for successful completion of training, worked remotely from home. Amazon realizes students have to balance internship/school/life so they are flexible with you.
Lots of hard problems to solve. Very little to no micromanagement. Brilliant colleagues. A place where serious engineers thrive, learn and succeed. No red tape. Variety of options from distributed systems to cloud computing to devices and robotics. Every day is still Day One attitude is pervasive at Amazon, and that's a good thing. Above-average compensation
Given large degree of responsibility.
I was in Amazon Web Services on the EC2 team so this may or may not be relevant to Amazon as a whole.  Anyway, you're surrounded by smart, capable people, which is great, and you're working on products that a lot of businesses are going to use.
Co workers are really nice. Many different shifts available. Bonuses monthly and you get stocks from company. You get 3 days off in the week.
* Given big responsibility from the start, which is great. There is a lot of trust towards developers. * You won't be given useless projects. Everything is used. * A lot of communication between the business side of a project and the tech side. * Unique, challenging, and interesting problems to solve (although this could vary depending on which part of Amazon) * Values aren't just posted on the walls, they're drilled into everything you do * Easy to transfer internally to a new job (requires at least a year between teams and a good performance review) * Relative transparency between manager and employees. Although it's only with your direct superior. There isn't much interaction with anyone higher than that. * Use of new and relevant technologies (i.e. they're not stuck using outdated languages/stacks). I'm sure this varies from team to team though * This sounds trivial, but the office chairs are amazing. They did not skimp on those. * It's generally easy to work remotely. Although it's not really encouraged, it is doable. * Being able to bring a dog is AWESOME. Seriously huge benefit.
The values we talk about are the ones we actually use, day in and day out! The customer comes first, in that we innovate and attempt to make sure each and every customer is treated how they expect to be treated. As an employee, I am treated the same way - Amazon continues to push new employee benefits, work/life balance, and continues to preach to all employees that this is their life, do with it what makes sense!
new tech + high growth company
The pay is good for a part time job. Same with the hours you work. I don't think I'd find a job like this one. It pays $12.50 an hour and I only work 4 hours each day. You get 2 days off and if you want to come in on your days off you can only come in on one day. You have to take at least 1 day off. Nobody who is unauthorized to go into the building is allowed in the building. You need an employee ID or a visitors pass to get into the building.
*Smart People *Very passionate towards their work *Lots of opportunity to work on different varieties of projects
Physical but easy as second job, or part time for extra money
You really get to see the impact of your daily work on millions of customers, and that is awesome, your coworkers come from top-tier MBAs and corporations and you really get to learn a lot.
- good exercise - decent pay - benefits kick in after a few months working
Good team. Good work hours.
Good benefits, bonuses, 4 day work week, no interaction with the public, overtime ( though some is mandatory) air conditioning( previously not a luxury) personal lockers
Benefits are great! It's a fun place to work and meet new people every day very social!
in the middle of a huge industry
-Good benefits -The benefits are nice -Ummmm....benefits?
There was a lot of Good benefits and time off and free meals sometimes
What doesn't kill you make you stronger, right?
Flexibility. Great company.
great co workers, lots of volunteer overtimes, the management are very helpful and the do care about their workers. great place to work.
Great benefits, interesting team, and the ability to change the world every day of the week.
Good benefits. Good paid. Have many opportunities. Give the opportunity to increase my salary.. good work.
Company actually makes product decisions based on what's best for customers. Decision making is based around rational arguments (usually written docs).  People actually follow the leadership principles instead of making decisions based on personal biases.
I learned a lot about customer service and worked with great people. And the company culture was promising.
Great learning experience, good technologies to work on
Very Smart People. Meritocracy. You can move your career very fast. Performance is far more important than degrees, experience, or time at the company. If you are smart and highly motivated, this company will accelerate your career.
meet new people, dance, have fun
It's not fair to base the culture of an entire company on the opinions of a few disgruntled employees. I have worked for Amazon for nearly five years and I have never personally seen anyone grossly mistreated, nor have I ever heard of any of my coworkers witnessing such things (and there is no shortage of "water cooler gossip" here). I have had great managers and bad managers, but since rotation is encouraged and people are constantly changing roles, you'll never be stuck with a bad manager for long. If you have a very strong work ethic and have a strong drive, you will thrive with all of the opportunities given to you. When I have changed roles/positions, I utilized my network and literally had my pick of positions, even in roles that I had zero direct experience in. My career at Amazon is in my own hands and I will milk every opportunity and experience I can get from it--positive and negative--and I will learn as much as I can!
The success of amazon.com goes to the amazing worker who make it all possible.
You will pick up skills that you can use all your life. Smart friends and a smart network of people. Really very little politics.
Fast paced, provides great sense of ownership and sense of accountability. Ability to influence business and PnL. Get to work on some great technology/business products and influence the road-map. Interact with many divisions across Amazon and build strategy.
Great pay overtime, do your own thing,
A lots of opportunity, nice city, a lots of dogs. Great people. Grow fast. Massive scale. A lots to learn.
highly complex and analytical work that will help you learn a lot
Great Benefits and Great Learning Opportunity
Great company to work for. Good perks. Good environment
Career opportunities, challenging work environment, ability to relocate anywhere within USA (subject to availability), & the flexibility to change work schedules.
Innovative, driven, great talented people, awesome management, flexible hours, work remotely, travel the world
Competitive pay once a blue badge. Opportunities to transfer to other facilities. Fun. Opportunities to work in different areas. Laid back environment. Many incentives offered throughout peak. Peak gives the opportunity for more hours. Flex time (staying up to an hour later than shift, or leaving an hour earlier) and unpaid time off available. Location is central to all major highways and a couple of big cities.
flexible, very helpful, convenient, great hours and alot of overtime available
Good pay to start off
High ownership, ability to build something big
Good benefits, decent hours, 3 days off every week. Your health and welfare are a main priority at Amazon. Timely breaks .
World class benefits for entry level and above positions. Exposure to a diverse workforce from GED educated employees to advanced degrees.
Super smart people and the freedom to work on tough engineering problems.
Descent pay rate to start, 40hrs/wk, production base individually, insurance 1day.
Benefits day 1. Insurance, PTO, Vacation accrual. Nice break rooms and restrooms. 4 day work week. Overtime and some days you can volunteer to leave early. They give away prizes.
What's great about working in an Amazon Fulfillment Center? You start off with a good amount of PTO and vacation time. They offer a nice four day work week, which allows for an extra day of over time or three full days off. It is a simple job- they give you minimal training to start off, although the support is always there when you need it.
The benefits were nice. 4 day workweek was great. Uh....there was free coffee in the breakroom? Excellent advancement opportunities for young people with a college degree.
Great company to learn. It's a very fast paced organization with great growth opportunities. People are genuinely smart. Innovation everywhere and truly cares about the customer. Pay is great and very generous stock grants.
Easy job as far as complexity goes. The employees there are great. Set schedule is a bonus.
Compensation, Location, Team, Casual workplace environment
Stowing was really easy and fast paced You were by yourself most of the time there was pizza at my orientation
Looks good from the Outside but once you get in....
A contract assignment that can possibly go permanent
Working towards hourly package quotas. Going home. really there aren't many pros besides getting a better hourly wage then most people.
Great benefits-- medical at great rates, 401k with match, stock program, and tuition assistance, willingness to work with school scheduling.
Reliable and great first job to earn money for the holidays. They provide a reliable experience and pay day. Safety is always a concern.
Relax environment, good people, great company
The company is a brand. The way they have conducted their business so far has been impressive. Very customer focused and have high quality standards and they look to keep continuously improving.
opportunity for growth, good coworkers, offers health insurance and 401k, good signing bonus
compensation, challenging, networking opportunities, three day weekends most of the year however you work 12-13 hr days
It is a big company and therefore one might have very different kind of experiences depending on the group. The work environment is very aggressive. One thing it does is that it will help one get used to fast paced culture. It also could help one learn a lot depending on the area of work. However, it really depends on the role of an employee.
Take your dog to work.
I joined Amazon about 2 years ago and like most, I read the reviews on glassdoors and got so scared. Amazon is a BIG company. Everyone that has worked for large companies knows that there are always the pockets of bad teams or bad match between a hire and the company.  Now, it's also more common for people to write bad feedback than good feedback. As an example, it's rare to get out of a good experience on a restaurant and go write a good review on Yelp. You will usually go and write a bad review when you didn't like something.  Back to topic! I'm having an amazing time at Amazon. I manage 2 teams of developers, haven't had any attrition, the team is happy, and all of us work normal hours. We often have social events and there is very minimal top down guidance about how the team works and what we should focus on. We build our own roadmap and think long term. It really feels like working in a startup but much more stable.  If you have the chance of working at Amazon, ask lots of questions about the team you're going into, be passionate about the space you're working, and you will have a great time.  Oh, and if you by any chance join a bad team, after 1 year you can internally transfer without any problems.
-Good starting pay and benefits -There is a role for a Tier 1 (sometimes a seasonal Tier 3) that walks around and talks to associates about what their barriers are, both physical and internal, to accomplishing their jobs. This person then holds a daily meeting with all management to discuss how to improve the business for the associates. I have seen huge improvements to the business and moral directly related to this role. -Room for advancement: If you show initiative and a willingness to learn and adapt there is always room to grow. We are opening many new facilities each year in many locations so higher Tier employees will move up or out creating new opportunities.
health insurance. that's it, that's all. and its really easy to get hired as long as you can maintain a ridiculous work pace and don't have any felonies. great place for smokers since they only use oral drug tests.
Challenging work that keeps you busy, constant growth, and great people to work with.
Challenging work that keeps you busy, constant growth, and great people to work with.
the culture, people, and the career advancement
Working with a variety of people
Great company good people like role
The 14 Leadership principles were powerful tools in developing my personal management style.
Great benefits, decent hourly pay, guaranteed hours and set schedules. Very clean facility with big break rooms including tv's, computers, free condiments, free silverware, plenty of microwaves and drinking water stations. Best of all, It's a paying job...
This job offers great benefits and a schedule that is the same week to week. If there is mandatory overtime, the start and end of shift is only a half hour earlier than your usual shift start and and end time.
Almost everyone I work with regardless of gender, race, etc. is very nice and helpful. Part of that, I am sure, is the fact that bonuses are tied to production. I love the culture that is promoted though.
I was delighted to interview with Amazon and felt slightly nervous, maybe more than I should've felt. However I felt enough on point to make an impression on the recruiter on campus. Amazon is a great company to work for and of course they want the best so be good in your field of expertise.
I loved working on the project that interests me.
Good benefits paid time off and restricted stock units that pay off if you do 2 years of service
Pay is competitive with the tech industry. Great urban location.
Everything on Paper Seemed Great.. Pay was ok, and benefits were average
Amazon.com does get software out the door, but the attitude is to push things out as fast as possible and then leave someone else to clear up the mess.
good pay, nice people. Great place to work
Working for a well known company plenty of room for advancement
Flexible training, flexible hours, easy call type
- Project that you will work on is already decided and the goals are set - Helping and talented people to work with
learn new technologies and good salary.
the other employees are fantastic... great people to work with.
Great leaning experience. Learning lot of things in small period of time.
Amazon's technology is reputed and it can give your career a boost. Pay is decent. Having said that these are only 2 good reasons to work for Amazon. If this is what you want, I will say go for it.
Really smart people, strong ownership of career path, huge potential for advancement, great benefits.
Great place, courteous people, wage is decent, work is simple
Friendly staff, great work environment, management knows what there doing, and great pay.
4 days on 3 days off Overtime opportunities Really nice HR staff and area managers Cross train opprtunities
It's a job decent pay great benefits
Good pay and perks with good work life
good benefits and a 4 day work week
Big warehouse and a nice people
I am currently working for Amazon.com in Baltimore Maryland as a Fulfillment Associate, and it is a great place to work. I would like the opportunity to make better use of my computer science training, and extensive experience in emerging technologies research, and intelligence reporting.
Desk work benefits respect job growth great onsite leaders Lots of overtime
New technology is implemented constantly. Robots are cool. Extremely regimented breaks, stretching and how close you are to you goals.
So many crazy interesting things going on at the same time.
You will work with the brightest minds in the world. Highly competitive. Compensation is good.
Innovative, benefits, fast-paced, great business partners
strong tech, strong vision, efficient
Compensation and a chance to work for Amazon! Endless career opportunities
Contract employees have a flexible Schedule and there is decent pay for the work involved.
- If you are a college hire, you will learn a lot, from discussing business requirements, writing tech specs, coding and testing, to deploying features to productions. You will learn them all. - Project is very cool sometimes, but get buried so much under processes and guidelines. Just let me build the thing already. - What else? What else is there? I don't know. Probably nothing else.
good pay 12.50(starting) Benefits (vision, dental, 401k) Personal Time - paid/unpaid (optional) Vacation time friendly employees
Co-workers and laid back environment oh yeah the pay as well
This is a very easy job, they pay great for every hour you work. Practically everything there is free. They have medications there for employees to help themselves to when feeling sick or in pain. The female necessities all for free in the bathrooms. break room is loaded with all types of snacks and for cheap. they have days where they'll give out snacks free, or other things as well such as pizza.
Get to choose your team, decent compensation
As an intern, I was put on real projects and felt like my work was helpful to the overall advancement of my team's projects. Also, the entire customer focus atmosphere was really cool.
The staff was amazing and the time to work around school was great as well.
A good, solid company that will be around, everywhere, for a good long time. They aim to do well by their employees.
Great company that inspires you to give the best out of you.
Place to perform and get rewarded automatically
Decent pay and benefits. Only a 4 day work week. They offer paid holidays and vacations time. They offer overtime pay.
Place to perform and get rewarded automatically
stock, if you can stick it out
Paid good , benefit and pto
The most customer obsession company
Learn a lot esp. AWS
Co-Workers are great to work with. Benefits such as medical plans, stocks, and career choice program.
Acceptable if this is your first job
You get Great benefits (Kaiser) , decent pay and a lot of opportunity for getting a raise of your doing your work correctly, plenty of overtime.
Salary, Benefits, Stocks, Opportunity, Creativity
Company leadership leads, and leads well. Very intelligent colleagues make for a challenging and educational environment. Flexibility in hours and schedule. Freedom to invent, create, and innovate.
They pay their professional staff well and grant staff options.
Development, awesome culture, great learning environment and super fast pace.
Smart people and lot's of ownership
Growing company, fast paced, opportunity to create processes, opportunity to relocate to other states
Entrepreneurial spirit, great RSUs, incredible business exposure
My teammates are extremely smart and diligent. The projects I work on have a clear impact for the company.
Fun people to work with and to help you get through the week. Indirect roles help break the monotony of doing the same tasks. Paid-time personal-time and unpaid-time. CDL and other classes after a year to help you move on.
Best benefits package evar. The employees believe their own press releases and really want to do the right thing -- or at least think they do.
My org is pretty bland but they do not ask too much from you.
free of stress from management. employees are friendly
I was a seasonal employee and so one of the pros was free medical insurance. But that was only given to seasonal employees. They do have a medical station on location inside the warehouse that is staffed by actual nurses and other medical staff.
There is nothing good to say.
Learned more in a year here than anywhere else (specifically around making data driven decisions and being customer obsessed)
It comes with Good benefits good pay the job is a good pace and easy to keep up with
Worked at CHA1 for over four years. The last two years the care that they have for people has nose dived. Ok money , but stress load is nuts!!
Pay is good for Tracy area.Training is good, but could use some work, as far as other employees and supervisors, showing short cuts on how to make quota in all areas, they seem to leave that out when you first get hired in the training process.
Benefits are nice along with the people that you work with. Pretty much anyone will help you while you are a picker since everyone knows that is the job that you do not want. But it is a job as far as a career, you may want to look elsewhere.
Fun place to work at. Friendly environment, great benefits. Hours work well with outta work activities. Open door policy is welcoming
Pays well. Nice coworkers. Steady hours. Big company. Employs a lot of people. Easy to get the job. Wear anything you'd like to wear.
good schedule and good pay
- Three factors contribute to ample work - fast growth, high churn and small teams. Attractive for someone looking to acquire loads of new skills in short time - Work-life balance is not as bad as people often warn. On most days, my team comes in around 9 and starts to leave around 5:30-6:00
Flexible hours, Vast amount of experience, and Created position.
-Great pay -Long hours (overtime) -Great people you meet
Weekly Pay Coworkers Casual Dress 5 day work week
Raises every 6 months, free Gatorade, good staying wage
will be exposed to both smart&dumb retail business details.
Great ppl to work with
Good resume builder and nice location.
You get to work with intelligent people.
It's an easy place to work at and ok pay.
Culture, work hard, have fun, make history. Fast paced environment where you are constantly evolving and improving to deliver results and improve overall customer experience.
-Great benefits -Room for growth -Always something to do
You get to know what it feels like to be a robot.
There are plenty of opportunities to move ahead at amazon, you just have to work hard and show continual growth. This is not a company for people that are comfortable in going no where, which is a reason they max out the pay scale after several years for each tier.  The benefits are excellent and the RSU's are a great addition.
Benefits were incredible!!! From health insurance to tuition assistance - the only reason I attempted to stay with the company a little longer...pay was decent, but you worked incredibly hard for a good paycheck...
It was acceptable to come to work in basketball shorts and a t shirt
Good health and 401K benefits
the people here are very friendly, and the work here is able to keep you busy though out the day
Easy to get hired if you need a job. Benefits are great. (Insurance and payed time off.)
hours, easy job, easy learning
Can move horizontally to exciting teams. Lots of exciting business initiatives. Projects are expected to net a billion dollars, so you will definitely work on something with high impact.
I loved the technologies: I found them engaging and thoughtfully crafted. The overall business strategy made sense to me. Despite being a contractor, my contributions were welcomed.
they pay good and have flexible time
Overtime Alot of Hours Friends and Family
There are not very many at all. It's not the best place to work. It not fun at all and not greatest working conditions
Pros at working at Amazon is that it has flex hours and good pay. The benefits were great along with the management, they were very understanding and helpful.
The hours make this job perfect for a potential second job. The management staff is chosen from the best of the best. Finally, it's amazon, the title of the job alone is fun to say you work for.
Great learning experience, lots going on.Can be good if you are lucky enough to get a boss who likes you. This can truly make or break you.
Can learn new and exciting things
Not too many here. I was off on the weekends but it all depends on your schedule for any life outside of work.
Helps with HR interviews down the road. Lot of project management experience. Decent environment, decent freedom in position
Good brand name for your resume
Benefits and work stability. they pay you. its better than not working and not getting any money at all.
-Great pay -Smartest people I have ever worked with -Flexibility to change processes and experiment -upward mobility, opportunity for advancement -unique corporate culture, can't beat shorts and t-shirts to work
it is big company and it provides a lot of opportunities.
Parts of the company are doing interesting work (complete with experienced engineers) High level of ownership from the start. Well-known company.
Good Benefits, nice mix of employees (young, older) I need advice on how to find and apply to open positions as an Amnesty Technician ERC is not easy to navigate when looking for available positions
Pay is great along with benefits and time off.
Fast paced/good pay. Lots of opportunities to do different things. Can be very demanding and challenges your ability to manage work/life balance. Especially in the field
Good Money, Good Benefits.
Challenging, smart people, scale of business
Excellent benefits, steady work, stable growing company with opportunities. They do everything by the book - they've got a reputation to protect. Pay is good for entry labor, and gets better.
-Benefits (Health & Stocks, 401k...) -Smart teammates who always strive to do better -A large variety of teams to choose from
Strong corporate values, long term thinking, fast pace and execution, general smart people, high bar for performance, lots of responsibility and ability to make decisions
You can get the freedom you want to do hard core engineering projects. If the project you want to do is really interesting then you'll get lot of visibility. For really smart people it's really easy to go up the ladder.
Fun work environment, with strong willed and driven people.
Awesome hours. And also some of the other managers are the absolute best people I've ever meet.
Great Season Job for those seeking employment during peak season!
The Seattle office has a casual atmosphere and convenient urban location, surrounded by dozens of restaurants, bars, and cafes within walking distance. They have a cafeteria with many different food options, including a number of healthy choices, and have vending machines with healthy snacks as well. There is no dress code - "wear whatever you want" - and dogs are allowed at work. There are no fixed core hours, and nobody cares when you are at your desk, as long as you can get work done. Amazon employees are given a lot of latitude and freedom, and they are not micromanaged. Amazon is extremely generous with relocation assistance and will move you to Seattle all expenses paid. Once there, you'll have the chance to work with smart people and on interesting technical problems, and you'll have the latitude to solve them any way you like.
This wants 20 min words but there is no pro to working here..not one..not at all..is that 20 words yet?
Functions are require fast movement if thats what you're looking for, rate is easy to make. Moving higher is easily done
Lots of overtime. Many different ethnicities. Much to learn. Lots of help when needed. Approved time off that can be used for any reason.
Great money, interesting problems, the smartest people you will ever work with. Well-defined goals, brilliant execution, clear priorities.
Great resources Really good leadership Great benefits Challenging and a lot of training to develop yourself
1. You will learn a lot. You will both know good software development and operation skills (on call). Some people here are really smart and driven. 2. Depends on your team and your manager. Some team can be really fun to work with and social. Others, definitely not (I am currently in one of those teams) 3. Amazon is customer driven. So everything here is about customer experience than engineering feat.
The robustness and company culture/leadership principles. The high level of developer involvement in designing what to build. Large opportunities for relocation to a different US or international office once reaching level 5. Likely enriching learning of highly-scaled, full-stack systems, service-oriented architecture. Some well-developed systems/tools as part of the dev. environment.
I learned a ton: Business reviews Profit / Cost Analysis Importance of measuring things Leadership Principles
-set schedule -good pay -career advancement opportunities -ability to work extra shifts if desired
Easy work, great environment, great benefits.
You make great money and it's very easy to move up the ranks.
Easy work, great environment, great benefits.
There are many interesting projects to get involved with, but it's very silo'ed. If you don't work in on a specific project, it's hard to find information on it.
Very gud work atmosphere. Gud facilities for employees
Good pay and benefits. Cheap insurance.
Flat organizational structure. One can take ideas and opinions beyond their direct supervisor
It took me out of being unemployed for three and a half year,
Great pay and benefits
Not many associates are fired. Unless you steal or promote work place violence. You get basic training.
Honestly i can not give any pros.its too many issues working for that company
A lot of pros, too many to list.
Amazon.com discount, set schedule, overtime available, help with pursuit of education, stock.
Stocks and a handful of competent, smart co-workers.
Good pay and medical benefits.
- Work on very cool projects and have an impact on the company - Very intelligent and competent employees - Good mission/vision that is communicated across the company - Opportunities to move in the company and work with different teams and projects - Great company to work for if you have limited experience and want to learn a lot very quickly
plenty of opportunities to move on up
its good for recent graduated students, its nothing complicated,after 3 month training you are all set and good to go
Good benefits safety is a priority lunch room was always stocked with gator aid on hot days they have onsite medical staff .
very straight forward job, benefits immediately, fast pace, very little contact with leadership, four day work week, overtime possible, shift deferential
Good base pay, various shifts, tolerable management
High pay, good benefits, lots to do
Lots of support - roles are very defined - production rates are set for you, HR department to handle all payroll issues - which is very nice
you get time off as soon as you start working. Good people that work at the Patterson, Ca FC. That is all that is good about working for Amazon
None,.do not work here. This place is a bad place tl work.
Great work environment where the majority of the associates are happy with their jobs and enjoy the work they do.
Knowledgeable onsite techs and great to work with
overall Amazon.com does provide good health benefits, stock, and tuition reimbursement program. The pay is also OK could be better but that's with mainly any job. Opportunity for advancement is also ok
One of the pros working at Amazon is that you are expected to have a complete ownership of whatever you are doing, and there isn't a lot of hand-holding either. You are expected to sort of "get-it" and start contributing right away.
First if all, as with most big companies, your experience at Amazon will vary greatly with your business unit, and your team. Mine are great.  I work in the Kindle org, and overall it's a great place to work.  The work is definitely interesting, I've worked in backend systems where the challenge is reliability and dealing with big data.  The work-life balance is great, and I almost never spend more than 9 hours at work. When I do it's almost always because I'm working on something that's really interesting to me and I just want to get more done that day.  I really buy in to the whole customer centric thing. We really do make choices that we thing would be better for the user (than the alternatives) even though it may be more painful for us in the short run.
The energy & excitement of working for Amazon can be contagious. There are some interesting perks for employees. Pay can sometimes be better than competitors
High Salary, Benefits, Raises yearly.
Great health insurance - best in the industry.
Big company with a startup culture Lots of good people working. Work life balance is manageable. Customer is the priority.
Work with smart people in different departments
lots of overtime, friendly workers and managers.
Steady hours Easy internal transfer process Fair pay Personal time hours usable at any time
Great pay, benefits, 401k, stock, bonus every month 8% and during october november and december 16% just work hard and don't get to close with people
everything in amazon is amazing
Decent Pay Good Structure everything is automated (schedule, etc.)
The starting pay rate was excellent and they approved overtime very frequently. There were numerous entry-level positions available, which allowed new hires to select from different areas of the warehouse. In addition, Amazon offered paid training and orientations alongside those hired through the outside firm were paid weekly instead of other variations. If you worked in outbound shipping and packaged customer's orders then every two hours employees would rotate with co-workers, which permitted individuals to do something else altogether.
Benefits, capable and efficient coworkers, surprise treats, stock offerings, excellent healthcare, inside view of a major operation, focus on safety.
The people that work there
Good base salary with the opportunity for career advancement. The pace is fast and the learning curve is steep. Excellent stock options as part of compensation. If you can really work hard and find a way to have fun, you will make history with the company!
Benefits base Pay and overtime pay
I learned how to be a team player and a leader. The fast paced atmosphere is not for the faint of heart.
Great opportunity to work within a team building environment. Constantly evolving and growing, no stagnation. Building heavily on career path.
Continues to innovate, smart people, good work/life balance
-Pushed professionally -move fast -work across multiple organizations and projects
Great fun, although you work extremely hard. However it's the people that you work with make Amazon a great place.
working from home was nice
Good pay and plenty of OT hours available. DC was air conditioned with newer break room / facilities. Clean work areas where safety is stressed.
Incredibly easy job. You're taught how to do the job over a 4 day period then given 2 weeks to adapt.
learn a lot, interesting challenges
Decent pay, great facilities/break areas and friendly people.
Overall not a bad company to work for with great healthcare.
* Good total comp. * Great opportunities for advancement. * RSU grants are solid contributor to total comp. * Ability to control your business and influence change across the network. * Extremely intelligent coworkers who inspire you to perform. * It's Amazon....seriously. It's rough at times, but you're working for the largest, fastest growing retailer in the world. It's worth it.
Flexible, great work life balance
Benefits were great. Quick job if ever needed money. The coworkers made it worth being there,christmas / peak you can get lots of over time
interesting work, lots of opportunity for growth if you can put in long hours and grow relationships in your organzation
Warehouse job has great pay with some nice benefits. They are aware that this job can get tough and they help you prep for careers in other areas if you choose to leave, but you have to be employed there for at least a year before the career benefits kick in.
The company is very fast pace so you do get to be motivated. There are cutting edge technologies. People are pretty sharp.
Great benefits in terms of 401k, reserve stock units after 2 years of work, lots of opportunities for promotion from within after working for a reasonable amount of time. They give you way more personal paid time off as well as allow for a number of hours of unpaid time off, on top of all this is vacation time which accrues every paycheck. The managers and employees were all relatively nice.
- A lot of smart. motivated people who don't mind sharing knowledge to the entry-level newcomers.  - Many opportunities to move up within the company  - Management, even upper management are approachable and generally open to suggestions when concerns are raised by employees. Not to say your ideas have any merit once it's passed up the chain, but attempts are certainly made if the suggestions are cost-effective and can be standardized.  -If you don't mind diving head-first into new projects and issues and discovering solutions as you go, there's always something new to learn. Good experiences to carry over to a future career.
Good entry pay, working on challenging products and cross functional teams. Ability to move within the company to continue broadening skills and working on different products.
Good warehouse experience of young
4 day work week good hours close to home easy to get time off when needed opportunities to move up within company
Good employee portal for any questions or concerns. Great stock options and benefits.
Good income, bonus, stock options, and benefits. But the money is more of a "bait" to get you into the company and try to get you to stay for a year with the bonus incentive.
smart people doing cool stuff in a lot of different areas. peculiar ways may seem strange at first but a great learning experience. lots of opportunity on paper.
Good job and pays better than any other warehouse here in my area
Amazing co-workers. Great development opportunity. Pay is good...just don't consider the hours you put in...because hourly pay just becomes average....
The stock incentive was okay. You had to be at a higher position to earn more shares. They gave the minimum to associates.
Great benefits and if you can last, very good bonuses.
Great benefits, flexible time off.
great benefits, easy work, great pay
Good place to work when you are fresh out of high school,a fun environment,meet a whole lot of people from different works of life.........
There are a lot of great benefits they offer
Amazon has a lot of talented people who always set a high standard of the work they deliver, and are tenacious on pursuing the goals.
Business is great, there are lots of smart people and small projects, the compensations is enough good and the culture is also great.
Good job and pays better than any other warehouse here in my area
Good in the beginning, work from home,SOME good leads/management, benefits
good working place,people are nice
Lots of challenges Opportunity to work on large-scale Recruiting initiatives Lots of visibility with Sr. Business/Technical Leadership Smart people Great office location Very high hiring bar for all roles Amazing career opportunity for Recruiters Opportunity to learn a lot
Lots of ownership, lots of flexibility, and you have the opportunity to work with a whole lot of really smart people.
Amazon does a lot of amazing stuff and is very fast moving. A lot of opportunities depending on the org you're in. Not as political as other companies.
Amazon is a fast paced open environment to learn about the e retail space. They will expose you to many different technologies and practices you never thought of.
flexible schedule, potential room for lots of growth
Get in great physical shape without trying
Amazon is growing fast and there is always a lot of opportunity to do new things
Decent pay 4 day work schedule
Brand, innovative, ability to wear many hats
Great opportunity to learn ecommerce at North America's largest retailer. The position provides the chance to work with extremely talented and intelligent individuals. The diversity of the this position allows one to learn a great deal about many different fields. Reporting, design, catalog management, program creation and process improvement will be some of the many hats you wear.
you will get lots of experience working with technology built with scalability in mind. In stills good working values like Customer Obsession.
- very smart people - doing interesting work
The culture, benefits and PAY are amazing here at amazon.
I loved working with some of the people that was nice to me
Really smart and dedicated people. You will learn quickly how to craft your ideas and explain them to others. You will be challenged.
Extremely intelligent group of employees.
Excellent customer obsession and service!!
I have never worked with a smarter, more dedicated group of people. It was really exciting working with people that wanted to make a difference and could actually affect change.
Pay is great. Lots of responsibility.
Bebfits, payheck time management tools
Most of the time the work is easy and normally clean, the plant all clinic controled. There is lots of things to learn about the systems of operation. Lots of room for advancement if you want to move up and wiggle in. Four day workweek!
Great impact- ur work reaches couple hundred million people Good for fresh grads who can give it all and sacrifice their personal life
None. Unless you like to be part of vicious, bloody, dog fight everyday of your existence. The work equates to a ton of massive manual, boring and ops heavy work. The vesting schedule is terrible and deliberately weighted towards your 3 and 4th year with the company knowing all to well you most likely won't make it pass your second year. If you do make it past your second year be prepared to have a host of stress related maladies.
There are a lot of smart, hard working people at Amazon. Connect with the right team and you can learn a lot.
There is lots of opportunity to advance internally and change career paths if you ever want to. Generally feel a sense of accomplishment as an owner of a team of people.
The company cares about their employees, safety is number one. Benefits are excellent, and the pay is very competitive.
Great place to work and great teams
Decent pay, incentives are good and the people are fun to work with
You can always challenge yourself to learn and grow if you find an opportunity by yourself.
Excellent benefits, Development opportunities, A culture of exellence
nice comapany to work for.
Excellent compensation and benefits. Great location. Generally relaxed atmosphere.
-work with really smart people - name looks great great great on resume - work responsibility is very hands on
young, fun, growing, challenged, team
Relaxed dress code, good starting pay.
Seattle is a great place to work
Work culture, Relationship with other Associates and work life balance
Smart people to work with. Happy hours for Interns Good pay. Great Opportunities for developers if they want to grow technically.
Help you further your career.. Pay for you to go to school to better yourself
Very fast paced and high volume and Many opportunities
Good reputation, awesome technology, looks good on your resume
Dental Insurance is really good, rather that that...nothing much.
Very easy job and only for 4 hours (good for beginners and students i guess). Above average salary wage. No racism / discrimination towards other people / ethnicity Green Coats / Managers are very approachable People are friendly. Learnt not so much a lot, bit still learnt something useful (i guess)
Was able to learn several different departments, worked at a fast pace, able to do internal interview so kept up on my interview skills.
Great Benefits-Great Company Great place to work as long as you respect the company- ie go to work to work and do good quality work..
Atmosphere of continuous innovation makes it an interesting place to work. Lots of smart people, and in many cases people have a decent sense of humor - which is really , really key to working at Amazon. For the most part everyone is trusted to get their stuff done, so there is not much in the way of micro-management. Casual work environment with dogs welcome. In general, Amazonians are well-compensated, and the stock is blowing it out right now. Offers a fast-paced environment and an excellent learning experience in terms of working with technology and e-commerce.
You'll get to work on a lot of cool and interesting problems
Decent pay, overtime, monthly bonus, free stuff
The money is good so far.
Benefits, benefits, benefits! They offer lots of benefits such as 401k, vacation time, paid time off and unpaid time off and very inexpensive health care. Alongside that are all of the opportunities that come with working for Amazon. They have away teams and opportunities to go to other fulfillment centers, training for other departments and transfers throughout the world. Lastly, I love working here because of my coworkers. There are many different people that work in my fulfillment center and I am constantly meeting new people and I thoroughly enjoy coming into work each day.
Lots of overtime, easy to get hired and some of the employees are friendly.
Benefits started the first day of work.
If you are a good leader, this is an amazing place to work. Your peers will be extremely smart and motivated. The standards here are very high and you will be challenged every day. In this job I am never bored, the pace is very fast. The organization values the ability to think through complex issues and continuously improve. Also Amazon is growing very rapidly so there are huge opportunities for promotion. You will advance to the level of your abilities. Under performers will leave the company on their own.
good hours and overtime....pay is ok and my shift works around my daily life schedule
The work is good. Lot of scope to learn new things.
+Awesome opportunities due to growth +Your voice totally matters +Ability to innovate as much as you want
Great career builder. Plenty of opportunities for involvement in projects. Continuous improvement.
Good pay and benefits, only 4 days a week and you make a lot of money if you work holidays
The place is filled with lots of very hard working decent people who are attracted to this company because it offers some benefits (health care, paid time off) and a pay that is a little better than minimum wage.
The place is filled with lots of very hard working decent people who are attracted to this company because it offers some benefits (health care, paid time off) and a pay that is a little better than minimum wage.
Did an internship here virtually, and now I'm a part time employee part time also virtually. Management is super nice and the job is pretty flexible.
meet new people easy work and learn alot of things
Interesting work with some interesting co-workers.
I can't think of any good reason. Salary is considered low if you divided by the hours you work per week.
Co-workers were typical Pittsburghers: friendly, team-orientated who could work independently, and very hard working. Workplace dress was warehouse-casual with the typical restrictions. Bottled water was free.
Love the fast and busy environment..
Great benefits, overtime opportunities, traveling opportunities, meeting new people
Amazon is fast paced, always willing to try new things innovative and improve. There's alot of opportunity to move around and try different roles. It's never boring.
Get in shape. You get to meet a lot of different people.
3 day weekends, they give you a certain amount of personal time, vacation, and unpaid time off and you can use it however you want.
Overpaid compared to job requirements, great work atmosphere, management always willing to hear issues.
Excellent Company to work for.
Great benefits, flexibility, healthy environment
Benefits are great for a family.
Opportunity to manage a large business
You always know your shift. Good pay, and comfortable clothes.
Kept busy. Not a very social position. Actively accomplishing goals. Competition with yourself and others to complete the tasks given were fun to look forward to. They gave overtime. Had ten hour shifts. Really got into shape.
* You have all the tools you need at your disposal to achieve what you want and the freedom to build and share one if not available. * High level of maturity as a company in optimizing and preventing reinventing of wheel. * Intelligent coworkers
Love the fast and busy environment..
Good benefits, good overtime, good money, help employees move on
Very talented Individuals, Intense environment, true customer focus, long term thinking, and leadership principles that are truly followed in every way.
- Working at Amazon is a great opportunity to work with the industry leader in several areas, and get an inside view into how things are done at that kind of scale. - Lots of very smart people work here, and if you play your cards right it's an excellent opportunity to develop your skills.
At the ground level, management are merely hall monitors. They burn out early and move. Well intended but with no impact.
Benefits and pay are amazing and the company awards stock to management like it's going out of style. Schedule is 4 days per week which provides ample time to enjoy the weekend.
Great benefits health, eye and dental. Lots of unpaid time, paid time and vacation. Have said that it's a free for all..come and go as you please.
Has a very nice facilities. Team members are really responsive.
Fast paced work environment.
Like many, I learned more at Amazon than any other employer. Primary benefits include - smart colleagues - hard problems - great salary - great location
Pay was top notch Engineering talent was good Innovation pace was very high
Meets deadlines on deliveries to the customers.
Well organized systems, advanced warehouse technology, good instruction.
- Very sharp people/lots of learning opportunities - Big emphasis on sharing of information and developing tools to streamline (innovate) - Great offices - onsite gyms, collaborative space, etc. No free lunch, but being downtown, there are lots of easy walkable options including onsite cafeterias - Great pace - things move quickly, but not so fast that quality suffers or that you can't have fun
Exciting work, lots of opportunity, great mentoring, learn a lot every day, culture is golden.
You can get your 40 hours of work and then some. Benefits can be earned.
Four day, 40 hour work week plus benefits.
You only work 4 days a week. Insurance starts the day of your orientation, & end the end of the month that you leave. You get 30 min lunch & two 15 minute breaks. You start at $12.75
the vacation package is good plus they offer 48 hours of personal time off and also offer unpaid time off.
- you work on products that are used by millions of people every day - they have some good internal talks/conferences (if you have time to see/attend them)
Amazon has very good work culture Freedom at work there are great opportunities to learn no dress code - which is a huge pro for me they conduct good training programs
Great Benefits for overall employment. Hours are flexible except on the holidays and high seasons. Co-workers are friendly and open minded.
Many interesting projects that move fast, flexibility to change roles/teams, work with smart people
Cool stuff to work on, many teams to choose from, good coworkers, autonomy.
Salary and benefits are great.
Good benefits, particularly healthcare & autism spectrum benefit package, which includes ABA aide as well as OT, PT, speech, etc.
You get full insurance on day one with no probation period, paid schooling by the company. Most of the employees are friendly and easy to get along with.
Great environment, fun, casual and very collaborative. Great pay.
Great Pay Great Benefits great great resources
- Pay is decent, relative to market. - Location (Seattle)
Easy going just get your tasks done on time
It's a great community of people, very friendly and helpful, 4 10 hour shifts so you get 3 days off most weeks, very accepting and understanding of ideas from even entry level positions
The Job itself is simple.
Lot of things to learn, focus on work, laid-back environment, fantastic and talented colleagues.
pay and benefits that is about it the company does not have much to offer people who are tier one
Amazons Leadership Principles is a great way to keep and maintain a great company culture. Work is great and interesting. If you want to work for Google or Facebook, this is a great company to start at.
Amazon lives by its leadership principles and the people are smart and entrepreneurial. Teamwork and the ability to influence peers is key to success. With peer and manager support, anything is possible. It's a remarkable place to be.
It seemed Amazon was a great place to work, while attending business administration courses in college all the professors included Amazon as one of the many companies that construed to rise. All of the benefits of working there, great health benefits, and supposed opportunities were misleading.
Pay is average for area. Benefits are good but expensive. Management turn around is high and HR is hard to talk to. Overall it's a good transitional/seasonal job.
Amazon teaches a diverse range of skills, everything from inventory control, packing and shipping, to driving heavy machinery. However, managers worry only about their own advancement and bonuses, not caring much about employees. The hours are only good if you manage to get a day shift of 4 10's, otherwise you have no chance of having a 'life', especially if you work nights, your entire world will revolve around Amazon and sleeping. The pay, however, is pretty good.
Work environment is fun Exposure to other technologies Great Opportunities to learn No dress code
Worked on interesting recruiting projects and an opportunity to solve challenging problems.
Good starting pay ($12.50 for night shift), benefits, LOTS of time off (also paid time off) you can earn if you come in on your scheduled days, lots of giveaways, 3 breaks throughout the day (two 15 minutes paid breaks and one 30 minute unpaid break). Also, if you have mandatory overtime, they'll pay $19/hr for one day of the week you had overtime.
Great culture and boutique feel. Take advantage of the global network
Laid back dress code Friendly people Great benefits
FULL health benefits, 401k, and very generous with time! You get personal time off (PTO), vacation, unpaid time off (UPT), leaves of absences. You'll meet a lot of wonderful people from diverse backgrounds in their fulfillment centers. Opportunity to transfer to other FC's with a very generous stipend! Start the day energized and run at full-speed the entire day, making the 10-11 hour days fly by!
Wide variety in products/regions/services offerings provides exposure to many unique business scenarios, and brings people from all across the world to work together.
AWS is the only one providing the best cloud experience and rich feature set so a lot to learn
I like Amazon's regular release schedule. We have to get new software out each year before the busy peak holiday season, so we don't have long running projects that end up getting cancelled.  I like the small team feel. Even though Amazon is a huge company I still feel like I work within a smaller team, and that each team can make its own decisions.  The scale is awesome. Before Amazon I wrote software. At Amazon I have learned to not only write software that can scale to Amazon's big load of retail sales, but I have also learned to write software that is scalable to Amazon's future growth.  The problems are challenging. We are doing hard, complicated things. We have many systems working together and we are often working on new features or changes to do things smarter, and these changes have to be coordinated across multiple systems in a way that doesn't break production.
Awesome company Room for opportunity and growth
good place yo work temporarily while you`re in school, just graduating or going back to school. Also if you have no good work experience you will definitely get it here, learning various jobs and putting them to use ten hours a day. Also you have to work honestly hard in the first couple of months to be converted to a blue badge. Once you`re a blue badge they start you off with 40 hours PTO, 60 hours UPT, 20-30 vacation . Like I said hard work pays off you also get stock in the company one hired on and after your first year they pay 95% of you to go to school. Pretty cool huh!!!!!
Company culture, Talented People, Career Growth, Personal Development, Benefits
Above average pay for the field (12.75 hour), guaranteed 40 hours a week plus decent benefits.
Good salary, medical and benefits
A fun place to work!
Pay good and is perfect for saving up money and getting a career started
1. It's in Seattle. 2. You get to support the O.G. Cloud. 3. Ultimate mobility - if you see a team you want to join, just start hanging out with them. If you're invaluable to your present team, it just takes a little longer.  If you've been around, you've got a great shot at getting on one of the S3 ops teams -- only dev teams get resumes from recent grads. It's really hard, but it's all there, simply a matter of reading. Nothing at all off the shelf any more beside the hardware, all either open source or Amazon proprietary. Best integration of incident management and knowledge sharing, ever -- just read old tickets, all are heavily annotated. I strongly recommend this to cuspy olde UNIX admins, especially self-taught. Most important skill of all == log diving. Enormous and entertaining library of videos from principal engineers to teach the unique architecture. New model to scale to the always-increasing size of the cloud every few years -- you'll know when probability equations start showing up on the whiteboards in the hallway.  Nothing wrong with developing or doing ops for other teams - my experience is limited to the S3 team.
It is encouraged to move around within the company and create your own career path.
Great Company, lots of opportunities to growth and move up in your career
Great Company overall with the number of people working
I love working and engaging with associates, I love safety and keeping everyone safe.
You will learn a lot and work with some of the smartest people in any industry. You will learn and grow as a professional here as you are thrown into the work.  Amazon is a disruptor and it is exciting to be at a company that is constantly innovating and disrupting industry it enters.
4 day work week, good team members
Resume builder and compensation package
It"s a amazing job to grow with.
Good pay, good hours.
You can make some good work friend ships (just the lower level workers, not arrogant upper management)
Fair pay only on weekends so great for students who aren't into having friends Straight forward tasks
intelligent co-workers, exciting to see what the company develops
Many areas for advancement, outstanding benefits including tuition reimbursement, paid time off, and the opportunity to visit other Amazon.com locations that are being opened up, all expenses paid!
Decent Pay, Friendly People, Opportunity for advancement
I Guess The Pay Was Decent
Good team collaboration. Tight organization structure.
Amazon engenders an environment that facilitates learning Employees are given a great deal of independence The Downtown Seattle campus is a vibrant, fun place
Great stock options, culture that strives for continuous improvement, challenging, great resume builder
stock price keep increase,
Great pay. Great benefits . Set schedule . Overtime available
I feel like I should write this review over things the company has been working on changing over the past year or so. Notable positives:  - Removal of an "ask first" open-source/outisde-work policy, and replacing it with a "notify-after" policy. - Gradually moving to better technology (desktop/laptop) standards. - Emphasis on "Operational Excellence" to push for lower on-call burden. - Removing some red tape on internal activities, such as security certification. - Unification of the promotion process between some levels (SDEI -> SDEII) to make it more transparent. - More open debate about company culture on mailing lists.
Great people to work with, overtime, paid time off, vacation, unpaid time off, and voluntary time off.
Great starting pay and great hours.
i like working for amazon. it is a great company and atmosphere to work at.
1. Salary and sign on can be high (can seem high) for the first year 2. There are some really smart people which makes for a great work environment, at times
Flexible, could work alternative hours or from a coffee shop
Amazon has excellent benefits, work set schedule, work four 10 hour shifts and off 3 days
Challenging work, Smart People, and Fun Environment
Amazon is fast-paced. I've worked on several teams within the company, both new and mature, and the push to improve and invent is relentless across the organization.  Software teams at Amazon are fairly independent, and feel like startups. That said, working at Amazon gives you access to some of the most intelligent people in the industry, as well as an impressive suite of internal tools.
I like it it was cool, good pay long hours just how i like it great conpany to grow with seriously
-Great benefits and compensation package -Growth opportunity with company. -Ability to own your own department, which allows for you to be creative when looking to improve business processes. -Forward thinking, willing to invest into projects that will impact future
Get free time to use as you feel
Great company to work for.
The pay is good which accounts for the second star in the rating but the rest of the benifits are junk unless your in management.
- Highly ingrained culture (their leadership principals) in everything that is done and communicated - Listen to employees at all levels wanting to drive process improvements - Work hard/play hard atmosphere - Plenty of career opportunities in Seattle
Like Marmite, you love it or you hate it.  There are some very well run teams, and others not so much. I have experienced both. Badly run teams, as in any other company, will be very unproductive and extremely frustrating.  That said, in general:  (+) Dynamic, lots of things happening around you, and some very cool stuff being tested/launched. (+) Many opportunities to change roles within the company and take on new challenges. Internal transfers are encouraged. (+) Good team spirit, people are willing to help each other and collaborate. (+) Lots of autonomy in making decisions, everybody can be an "owner". (+) You are always very busy, and there is no room for slackers.
Bleeding edge technology and projects Switching teams is encouraged Hard problems to solve
Very innovative, lots of opportunity to learn
fairly good benefits if you can stick to it
Excellent learning experience and talented hard working peers/colleagues, ownership and accountability is high
Great pay if you work fast and it doesn't require too much thinking. They are still looking for people to fill positions.
Good place to learn Smart people around for the most part, although that has deteriorated over the last couple of years
- moderately good pay - good benefits - easy to get hired
Easy to get hired on
Money is good, there are mentors available for SDE1s and managers have incentive to get you promoted. There are also tech talks every week and a strong engineering culture. If you want to learn, you have infinite opportunities to do so.
I work at a specialty site which prints and ships books on demand. The process is easy and simple. Associates who work here care about quality and work extremely hard.
Hiring process is very quick, due to the desperation to hire , cause they can't keep anyone.
They share their "Peculiar Ways" up front, and they follow them.  It truly is a meritocracy for the most part.  It was great working with so many extremely talented people.
Working at Amazon, for the first time in nearly three years, I actually felt like a human being. They care about their employees as more than just a number, as more than just a body in a chair, and that is an amazing feeling. They treat their employees well, spoil them more than a little, and generally just try and make sure they are happy employees.
Flexibility and networking with other departments. The hours were very flexible as long as I hit my numbers.
challenging work !! have a lot of freedom
Experience above title and personal growth.
Great job to get in shape or stay in shape. Unless you're in management you'll be physically active the entire work period. Only 4-5 hour work day unless volume picks up for holiday or promotions.
It was ok. Typical call center environment. I worked from home so that was good. The actual co workers there were a bit to competitive for my taste.
Excellent learning opportunity for data mining and financial reporting skills.
good work life balance, good amount of days off.
Good place to work, opportunities for advancement
Managers were friendly and warm Fast-paced work
Good benefits, the work is menial, light and really easy to handle. Can't think of any other pros.
* Start-up like atmosphere with big company resources. * Great experience with a range of software development environments. * Learn a lot quickly.
Good problems to work on
weekends off meeting new people walking a lot
+ Great projects to work on and fast paced
Smart motivated colleagues Work on awesome products, awesome technology Customer obsessed Good compensation
Smart motivated colleagues Work on awesome products, awesome technology Customer obsessed Good compensation
Compensation package and benefits were great Get to work with many bright and motivated people that really help you push yourself
Working in one of their fulfillment centers is a very high pace high energy environment with a lot of employee incentives to have a fun day at work.
Great place to get things done! Solid compensation! Motivated people! Growing business. Entrepreneurial environment. Jeff B. and Jeff W. provide great leadership by articulating and modeling the values.
Get challenged a lot on almost all the roles so you will get the opportunity to prove your value. Expect to work hard.
It is definatly a good place to work
Great place to work at straight out of college. If you're lucky, you land on a strong engineering team and pick up good practices
Very entrepreneurial culture Customer-first philosophy Employees are encouraged and rewarded for developing or optimizing customer experience, internal processes, etc.
Friends and benefits. Lots of overtime
Published leadership principles and company values truly guide day to day decision making. A technology company primarily, and a retail company as well. Leadership in technology. Prefers to give teams every aspect of what they need to succeed, e.g. a team would have tech, product management, marketing, etc, and that would all go up to one person who is then responsible to succeed or fail with those resources. So no parallel team that is crucial to your success.
You choose which days you want to work and are guaranteed 40 hours. The starting wage was well above minimum wage so I was happy with that.
Its fast-paced. Smart people. Good Infrastructure. Many sources to learn about company-wide systems if you take the initiative
Opportunity to work on a scale you will never have the opportunity to, on projects that you will have little opportunity to work on with any other companies.
Great pay, great health benefits, they pay for your college (95%) after being there for a year. They give you what they call "the offer" if after the end of the year or even after you're finished with school they will offer you a certain amount of money (based off of how many peak seasons you've been there) so 1-2 peaks=2,000 3=3,000 4=4,000 and so on up to 5 peaks
interesting to see how sandwich is made from other side of counter.
Excellent people and peers who work with you to help you get the job done.
Working enviroment is a great place to work
-Pay is good over night makes 12.25 day shift makes 11.50
Fast working environment that is constantly being improved upon. Plenty of chances to grow within the company.
Flexibility to try new things and make decisions, move fast, can change roles and teams frequently so you get a wide breadth of experience.
Great pay, cool people, fun environment
Cutting edge project work. Great corporate atmosphere. On site cafeterias and coffee shops.
This is Amazon. It gives a lot of weight to your resume. Things you will learn are also invaluable. Some really talented people are there.
Fast working environment that is constantly being improved upon. Plenty of chances to grow within the company.
Hours were great and it was an awesome environment to working in as well as the other associates all got along great.
You will work with some extremely talented, very intelligent engineers. You get to work on large-scale, interesting problems, and you will develop a product you're proud of.
Get to learn a lot
Work from home. You don't have to travel. You earlier shift goes quicker. The mangers are helpful. They check in on your calls to make sure you are saying the right things.
Always Busy, Always Challenged, great place to multi-task or improve multi-tasking skills
good pay, location, good for short term employment
No micromanaging if you're on night shift. Set schedule Ability to coach and develop associates
I can not think of any pros to working here other than the pay was pretty good and you had opportunity to make overtime.
Exciting work with ability to go far, go fast. You are making history with nearly all that you do.
It's Amazon. Benefits from day one.
I've enjoyed great career opportunities in my field at Amazon.
Great team, everyone is always motivated to improve. There are incentives for doing overtime. Company offers transportation. Schedule flexibility.
benefits and 401k. and paid time off
Discount on items that are fulfilled and shipped by Amazon.com
- work flexible - smart co-workers - managers provide sources, guidance and opportunities to grow.
AC in warehouse, benefits are good and that's it!
Getting to make changes in a major corporation that have long term effects. The ability to grow yourself and others.
Level of ownership is amazing. We truly hire the best talent
- the money - the calm work environment - the job benefits
Good company to work but need to find right managers
Cool brand and company. Great pay!
growth, pay and bonuses, leading in e-commerce
Very good base pay and always opportunities for more hours
good pay rate, and benegits
Great benefits from day one
it was a great job it was really easy to comprehend
Good Shift Hours, Decent Compensation, Fun Workplace
Good pay, great benefits, great people to work with, fast paced, rewarding, fun sometimes lots of time off. Great set schedule
- Smart people - Lots of technical challenges
Amazon likes young people. They train and promote from within.
It was friendly for the most part
Good starting pay, regular raises, and good benefits. If you get a good manager you will be able to learn and grow.
Weekly pay, plenty of on-the-job exercise, loved coming across books and products that I was interested in reading and purchasing...
Very competent people to work with, well known company and looks great on a resume, many different sections so able to move around easily
Ny fellow employees wee great!
Great company, always improving. health benefits are wonderful. Work hard and the rewards will pile up
Amazon has a very nice starting hourly wage ($12.50/hr). You wont find many places with similar or higher starting wages.
Lots of opportunities for growth and learning. The people who work here are all very smart and good at what they do. A fair amount of freedom (flexible hours, working from home when needed, dogs in the office, etc).
Ny fellow employees wee great!
Good Salary for new grads
Decent benefits, stock in company, if your a full time employee for at least a year they have a Career choice program where Amazon will pay 95% of tuition and books for college classes to better towards a better career of your choice
plenty of overtime, upper managements values employees
Smart people, good location, decent salary, fast paced environment, learning opportunities. One of the good places to work while you are young and don't have to worry about any other responsibilities. If you work, you will succeed. It's easy to move within the company and explore new teams and roles.
Free snacks, always something interesting and challenging to work on
Loved the job and working from home. Awesome manager. Gave us off Christmas and New Year's, and I wasn't sure they would, so was surprised. They care about their employees.
Great benefit package Flexible schedules (to a point) Always trying new ergo products
Great company recommend to anyone, go there and have a blast. The teams are amazing and get along greatly. Based out of Seattle so you go there for training. Training is fun and you learn it all
Challenging work environment, better than average pay, very good benefits, ability to work independently.
Enjoyed my contract at Amazon but it was a bit of an intense work environment. People are smart though and it's not terribly political. A lot gets done quickly.
- High hiring bar, get to meet and work with brilliant people - Flexible WFH policy - Culture and values are inspiring in theory
Pay is decent but could be better for the amount of work that is actually involved.
Great pay, interesting projects, learning new technologies, Work from home
Benefits are great!!!!! And the environment is well
Absolutely zero "pros" in my experience at Amazon.
Dog friendly office, great opportunity to learn how to use excel, good compensation, good restaurants near by to take back to your desk.
Looks great on your resume You will learn a lot travel to Seattle, the food is awesome Work and meet some smart cool people..
Great group of people to work with as well as great skills to learn
Pretty good pay. Smart coworkers. Interesting work. Even as an individual contributor, you will have a lot of product ownership.
I enjoy picking with equipment and that was the most experience I had on a cherry (order) picker.
Big warehouse, expirence, waste of time, great if your stupid, treated like a criminal
Pays well Good benefits A lot of opportunity to transfer to another site
Great benefits , great company , easy rates to meet, free stocks
good perks, nice environment, good work, talented people around you.
Climate control environment and water coolers on every floor.
No politics, smart people, getting things done fast.
Best online place out there. The digital items make it even more convenient
Love working here. This is a place if you want to make a difference to your customers.
I learned a lot in my time at Amazon.
- not many smart employee in engineering - very unprofessional Product manger - no perks
Guaranteed hours, nice pay plus bonus, paid time off and paid holidays.
pay 95% of approved associates degrees
Prestigious Company, Stock benefits AFTER 4 years of working, The South Lake Union location is much better than being cooped up in the former mental health asylum building.
Fair, professional place to work, good health insurance benefits, growing company, time off structure is pretty good
The people are the best part of this job. If you don't mind walking a lot you get some pretty good exercise and stay healthy.
interesting projects, smart people, high growth
4 day work week, benefits aren't bad.
4 ten hour shifts a week. Benefits starting from day 1.
Smart people, very motivated and great for recent college grads to gain professional experience. Also a good resume builder.
Enjoy the quality and pace of work
If you are young and live at home without any bills this is a great job for you. All others do not waste your time.
i really loved it enjoyed it
If you're up for daily challenge. Expect to learn for yourself and deal with significant ambiguity and little strategic direction.
Pretty easy job to get into
*They'll pay you a lot relative to the work. *You are given stock in the company if you stay 2 years. Each year after the second, you will receive stock. *They will pay for two years at a community college (conditions apply). *Satisfactory job if you are working while you are a student.
The money and growth potential are great with Amazon
Great pay, and cool location.
After being there a year they help with schooling the insurance isn't terrible. Employee discount is always a plus. There's room to move up to hire positions
Good pay about 13$ starting off
Great community, room to grow, exciting projects, good benefits.
You get the opportunity to work on some interesting things at AWS, it's a good place for a starter job if you don't have an offer from any other big tech company.
Some of the best reasons to work at amazon are its incredible culture--the people around you will work hard, strive to improve, and do whats best for the customer. Upward mobility seems super in reach given you provide the results.
Supportive coworkers, true customer focus, competitive compensation, great lunch options, awesome tech, great buildings. Perhaps the best place to be a woman in tech I've found yet.
Excellent culture! amazing people! If you are luck enough to get hired by this company you are very lucky. I worked @ google for almost 10 years and it I was horrible compared to amazon!
if you are able to survive a few years at amazon you can be successful anywhere else
Benefits, time off, short work week
Ownership, Customer focus, High standards especially of peer group
Strong pay, great people, opportunities to pursue work in other departments
Great people, some of the best I've ever worked with in my career.
Growing at an astounding rate with a huge market still untapped. High energy, fast-paced environment. Relentless focus on improving Customer Experience.
Good healthcare and I like my fellow employees
- Customer focus you will remember for life - mostly because it's tattoo'd on you. - You learn to write. A lot. More than you've ever written in your entire life. Combined.
Opportunity to work on things that are interesting/innovative. The company puts a lot of ownership on employees, which is cool.
good salary for internships can learn lots of stuff
Access to all business units within the largest internet retailer in the world.
Pay isn't horrible, no commute, voluntary time off when overstaffed, stock options, benefits are really good, quarterly bonuses based on performance.
They pay well, but that's it !
I like working with Amazon. I have had many awesome managers, and co-workers, great benefits, and Amazon makes it a fun place to work.
Lots of great people young and old.
Compensation is great if you work for at least 3 years, because only then will the stock starts to vest.
pay is higher than industry average
Flexible work schedule. Freely use your creativity to improve process and working conditions. Great people and very supportive management.
Its a job. Its better than nothing, and the work itself isn't all that bad. it's an easy job in the right setting.
Easy work not a lot of supervision good pay and overtime work 4 days off 3
Amazon is a customer centric company. They treat their employees good and you can advance fast. I would only recommended staying a year. Amazon looks great on your resume.
Great people to work, great culture to be a part of, and as a contracted employee they were incredibly flexible to work with.
Fast paced work, good workout, fun people, some of the managers are great to work with, time tends to pass really quickly. Decent benefits when converting from seasonal to permanent.
Responsive recruiter turn around time, ridiculously easy math test
Really good first job for soemone right out of college. You get to learn a lot
Easy to start, safe, relatively friendly environment, often voluntary over time available , get paid on time.
I have to enter words
Great salary and benefits, casual dress
Work hard but always fun and challenging
Money quick job the meantime
good salary , good staff, good holiday , satisfaction and longevity expected.
* Get to work on exciting things from day 1. You set boundaries for yourself. * management is pretty good in terms of listening to engineers (at least for the technical part) * you can grow to be a leader * other smart engineers
Fast paced environment. Peers are talented and motivated. Work is always challenging and interesting.
Overall Good work environment
Gain hands on experience working with top brands in your industry
You get to learn a whole lot of neat technology at Amazon. It is a very vibrant place and generally the people you work with are friendly. They do compensate you well but there is a reason for that as the explained in the 'Cons' section...
Good people, never boring, fast paced, no two days are ever the same.
medical& dental Benefits just to have that status.
not difficult, the questions are basic, you only need to pass one round telephone interview
The pay is good for this area.
they pay fairly well managment could be better
Casual environment and surrounded by leaders.
Fast paced Co workers Benefits Always something to do
Never a dull moment. Very Smart co-workers. Amazing place to work for a problem solver.
-Great team experience - option for overtime
Competitive pay and benefits. Employees opinions matter. Opportunities for professional growth.
Nice salary and decent benefits.
Benefits sound great. They had flexible hours and the pay was alright. Inside the place it was not to hot.
Great experience for further down the road. Amazon on the resume really does open up some doors. There are also some great people to work with. Pay was top notch and hard for other companies to match.
The company has a great team atmosphere and relies on team success to achieve common goals.
* Hard to beat the size and scale of the problems you can work on * Great products with focused approach to the business * Breadth of projects and size of company means if you move about you can try a lot of different things ( You'll have to make it through the first year first though ) * Lots of smart co-workers * Great for networking: Continuous hemorrhaging of high quality employees means you can quickly broaden and improve your network outside of the company  Amazon is an industry leader. There is a huge variety of positions and products available. You can learn a lot both good and bad in a short time at Amazon. Constant employee churn means you will soon find you know more people outside of Amazon than in. This will help when you decide to jump ship as well.  Amazon facilities continue to expand. They offer few amenities comparable with their peers, but they do offer a downtown campus in Seattle which may be appealing. They dominate the South Lake Union neighborhood north of downtown Seattle so you may find yourself in new construction in a growing neighborhood. There is, however, a lot of friction with existing non-Amazonian residents.
Great Company! They give you every possible resource to grow.
good pay, 10 hour shifts, 4-5 days a week, expectation and production quotas very clear, feedback in writing weekly
Decent Benefits, nice people, good location
steady hours and you get to work with a lot of interesting funny people
flexible, competitive, diverse, leadership, culture, community and social impacts
Flexible schedule, great stocks options, amazing work environment. There is a lot of room to grow and develop.
flexible of life and work balance in office and good work
The pay is fair. Coworkers are very smart. The products & services being developed are exciting. The customer really is king.
Work with very intelligent people fast-pace self-directed
The company moves fast, there are a lot of smart people, and have a lot to learn. Besides, there are many challenges to face.
Ton of experience to be gained, and great sense of accomplishments on projects
Great culture, great people, interesting problems, demanding work. Lots of opportunities for learning.
Fast paced, fun, challenging Smart co-workers whom you can learn a lot from Management who truly cares, down to earth Non stop thinking, it's bootcamp for your brain Above average salaries
Work with amazing people, understand how to build and maintain real services.
You have amazing coworkers and supervisors.
Amazon is a good workplace with good pay and benefits for career/long term labor/associate workers.
The benefits are amazing and relatively easy to move up if you do well.
Had fun!!! Great people! Great exercise! Good pay for a temp job. Everyone was very nice. Miss them all.
Constant change and new ideas/projects to work on
Four day work week, benefits, big on safety, 3 days off, occasional overtime, shift diff pay of $1.00 for weekend
Highly-driven, analytical colleagues. The caliber of colleague at Amazon was higher than other places I've worked.
great coworkers, solid brand, strong earnings potential
Smart people that work hard push you.
You loss weight ? if you wanna consider that a pro
What do I love about working here? Every meeting I attend and every conversation challenges me to be better than I am today. If I want to grow in my career there are new opportunities around every corner.
great job weekly pay and nice benfits
It's definitely an intense place to work, but also very exciting and rewarding in the end. You'll get a chance to work with some of the smartest and most driven individuals and see how your team can really make a difference for customers.
Interesting projects, significant autonomy, not a lot of focus on the peripherals in getting the job done. Enough funds, most of the time, to get the job done. Never bored.
Good overall signing package. Great networking. Training in Phoenix and Seattle.
Competitive pay, great benefits, promotion opportunities
busy OLTP system to test your skills
There are benefits and 4 day work weeks. Decent pay for the job even though it should be more.
- Great engineering talent - Moves fast on decisions - Lots of ownership on products
Easy work Get benefit within first month of starting
I loved the leadership principles, and how everyone lived by them
Fast growing e-Commerce with Start Up Culture
Surrounded by very smart go getting people
The company offers great benefits and lots of room for growth. The company gives every opportunity for the employee to succeed whether that be with the company or outside to another employer.
Lots of opportunities to explore.
Great company to work for if you are looking to make decent money and continue your education. They contribute to your future and with pay you a lump sum if you finish school and decide to leave. Very helpful to those seeking to improve themselves and career.
Better work life balance than other departments/orgs within Amazon Flexible work time (aside from meetings) as long as you get your work done Move up faster than other deparments
steady work pace. friendly coworkers. not as strict when rate applies.
Great environment, nice workers and superb quality
Great pay, benefits and working conditions
Fast paced work environment, friendly managers, and good pay. The heat in the warehouse can get pretty uncomfy, but 'climate controlled' means that the humidity stays very low. The company does a lot for it's workers, providing everything for proper safety and understanding that people sometimes need help. The breakrooms in PHL7 are awesome, although I really would love some music like classical. Will update more on this position in the future. :)
You have full ownership, your voice can be heard, in my experience teams are well run/managed. Love the focus on customers. Appreciate the focus on quality and continuous improvement and innovation. Able to fail fast and get back up.
I learned valuable information about the processes within the company.
A great company with long term vision that also offers a chance to work with smart people,
Good pay Great company Only work four days a week (over 40 hours though)
Customer focused Bias for action Long term thinking
Staying busy all day by the time up look up its lunch or time to go
Challenging work, smart people, decentralized decision making
Challenging work, smart people, decentralized decision making
amazon has great benefit package as well as stock offer
-Smart people -Dogs -The ability to easily move to different teams and learn exciting new things -The level of ownership you're given -Pretty good compensation, even if it is stock heavy, the stock is only doing better and better.. -Interesting weirdness to it all
Good pay innovative company with bright future and promising raise and promotions.
The company offers challenging work with smart people and great access to data. Being surrounded by a higher caliber of coworkers definitely inspires higher performance.
Smart people Develop stuff that actually goes places and affects lots of people Teams do a decent job of self organizing
Fantastic project and fast pace like start up
Smart, fun people to work with Easy access to management Perks of sample merchandise Total ownership of projects
Benefits start on your first day of work. Insurance, personal time and vacation . Many different shift scenarios. RSUs vest after two years.
Amazon is one of the most innovative and involved companies I have ever seen. Many talented people fulfill many facets of the company and your experience here interesting nonetheless.
amazon it good play for work.
Nice company to work with.
Awesome place to work with lot of growth and respect to the employees irrespective of their level. Its been the worlds most customers centric.
Paid time off. Managers listen to you gripe but dont do crap about the problems.(con)
Benefits and guaranteed 40 hours
Easy work and it is nice to have 3 days off each week
-3 day weekend -Great people to work with -There are some fun activities that the company organizes for the employees.
I have an easy job
Location is very good and people there were very friendly
Great benefits and work life balance
Great reputation. You'll get offers from startups. You won't starve while you are receiving a paycheck.
Brand awareness is high and great to have on your CV. Pay is very competitive at higher levels and chances for advancement internally are good. You learn a lot about intelligent business practice.
Good co-workers Decent schedule VTO available Provides equipment
* always something interesting to work on. * co workers are of a high caliber * ability for job growth
Kept you busy and there are managers everywhere if you need them for a question. $15 an hour pay.
Descent pay hourly pay for a temporary job. Plenty of overtime during the Christmas seasonal temporary job. Not too many pros for a temporary worker.
The opportunity to do extra work from home.
Growing company. Good benefit. Stock price is high. But they have two to four years vesting. Majority would quit before that.
The pay is great, co workers are great.
- Decent/Competitive Pay in Comparison to equivalent positions - Immediate Benefits - Generous PTO (Paid Time Off)
I am really having hard time to find "Pros" about this place. Let's see, perhaps losing 25 pounds or more could be a pro for some. If you have very limited education, or a Kaplan "degree," it could be a rewarding place at $11.75 per hour. Also, if you are a deranged person, this is a nice place to work.
Best brains to work with is a privilege
Decent pay (its not minimum wage), good workout, quick advancement, 40 hours, WILL HIRE ANYONE and if you want to quit it is not a big deal if you're through a temp agency.
Salary is good as a whole but after looking at the long hours it is not that great. Check also the company turn over rate...
Wonderful company to work for. Enjoy coming to work everyday, fast paced so time flies by, lots of opportunity for promotion
The diversity of people you work with. In my experience everyone was very helpful and encouraging.
Plenty of opportunities to learn and grow quickly within the company. (If you're motivated and define your career path yourself)
Great work experience (two years at Amazon is like 5 years anywhere else because of the amount of work and projects you have to tackle) Very good company to have on a resume Work with some incredibly smart people
It's a very results focused company. I have grown a lot as a result of working here. Expect to be surrounded by people who know how to work hard. And expect to work hard yourself.
Great Benefits from d ay one,Time off,
The pay can be better.
Loved working for amazon, my boss was amazing....there are always giveaways, and interactive activities. It was also virtual so no commute. (:
Growing company. If your able, there are opportunities to move around the company.
Great health insurance. No dress code. Flexibility with time off- as long as it's used right. It is a pretty cool job for the right person.
High sign-on fee, it is a pretty good thing
Great benefits, nice working environment
Great Benefits Good career growth Employee Recognition
One of the toughest work environments out there. The pace is breakneck, the hours are long, and the expectations are sky-high and ever-increasing. If you work here and move on to work elsewhere, you will be very well prepared to meet any other company's standards.
If you are self-motivated, there is opportunity for career development. You work with some very intelligent people. Compensation is fair.
This job works well for me as a part-time warehouse associate. I have a set schedule with part-time flexible hours. It's ALWAYS busy and your learning, moving at a very fast pace which in turn makes the work hours fly b quickly.
Good stock plan for managers.
had really cool ereader products
Fast-paced environment where those with strong work ethic can thirve
Huge platform and data to work with. Amazon challenges you on every aspect. Good knowledge sharing process.
The hours are great 4 days 10 hours each. Optional overtime up to 10 hours a week right now. Soon it will be mandatory which is fine me because I have a family to support.
Fun atmosphere for those with positive and optimistic attitudes  Relaxed environment
They pay above average salary but it is all just a trap to get you to sign on to the company. Don't fall for it. No amount of money is worth the horrible experience you will have working at MyHabit.
Open environment. Constant innovation. Smart people.
Amazon provides an excellent work environment for associates and allows the opportunity to progress within the compaby, rapidly. Great place to work
get paid, job security ok
Growth opportunity available through relocating.
You will learn and grow at twice the pace compare to other companies. Plenty of training opportunities. Best engineers in the world. Very engaged and hard-working workforce. Amazon's 'Leadership Principles' make sense, are used every day, and are what makes the company tick.
-Fun culture - people who love what they do, who they do it for, and everything in between. So many donuts, foosball tables, game days. -Challenging problems - you'll be given a large space to own and drive with relative autonomy -Super smart coworkers - in every area -It matters - you'll get to see the results of what you do
-Smart co-workers--some of the best around -A lot of new businesses, and lot of freedom for those businesses to experiment (without too much focus on P&L) -Transferring to other positions after a relatively short time (1-2 years) is encouraged
pays somewhat decent would hire almost anyone
High technical freedom, enable you to build what you want to build
Challenging assignments and good learning experience.
Opportunity to see the inner workings of a huge fulfillment center. Very interesting. Can cross-train with different departments to give you a full rounded experience.
I love the pace at amazon. Like to sort the boxes on to the pallets
Pays more than my full-time job Got to meet a lot of cool people Okay for the moment
Pays more than my full-time job Got to meet a lot of cool people Okay for the moment
Seemed like would be a nice part-time job during the Christmas season. Go in and work hard and make some extra cash for gifts.
Fun place to work with people that are very friendly and down to earth.
work hard, have fun and make history
None unless you like being a robot
You will find the motivation to get a better job.
Not a damn thing really
Easy work, nice people to work with, lots of paid and unpaid time off, great benefits, lots of different shifts that can help anyone
Only good reason is the employees on your level/other associates.
I had so much fun I love my fiends I miss them everyday I had to move out of the state.
Excellent pay. Great coworkers. People are there to help out
Choose your own jobs Work online
I have never seen a company grow as fast as Amazon. If your goal is to move up with a corporation, Amazon will give you unparalleled opportunity. It's not unheard of for someone to go from entry-level management to mid or even senior level within 5 years.  Stock grants are extremely good. Entry level management are awarded tens of thousands of dollars in stock from the beginning, and given how fast Amazon stock is growing, this can net you a substantial amount of money if you stay long enough for it to vest. Salary is competitive for the market, and the sign-on bonus is very compelling and lasts two years (first year is often given upfront while the second year is monthly over 12 months).  If you work in Seattle, the campus is huge and beautiful. It's in a fantastic area on the southern edge of Lake Union. There are several buildings with amazing views from the rooftop gardens, and dogs are welcome (even revered). Food trucks are plentiful in the area and serve amazing lunch opportunities. Amazon will pay for your bus/public transportation costs to get to the campus.  Finally, you will be working with some of the smartest, most dedicated, most talented people you've ever met. Everyone who works there is driven, intelligent, innovative, and competitive, and you will undoubtedly become a better person simply for being in the same area as them.
+ Density of talent: Really smart people, tough interviewing + Brand: Goes without saying though other companies are increasingly not hiring Amazonians at senior level because of concerns of disrupting their culture as Amazonians are getting increasingly arrogant
Smart people, fast pace, empowerment
You get to work with really smart people and constantly push the limits. Amazon sets the standard for e-commerce which ids really exciting. The company really does try to live by their leadership principles - they don't just pay lip service to them. Excellent pay.
Pay and benefits are above average. Keg Fridays.
Excellent company to work for!!! If offered the opportunity-Take it!
Great Pay and benefits if you stay long enough
Pros are few but I think management has "likable" people. They will tell you that their metrics are "scientific" and by the letter. Very strong on metrics and "meeting" optimum output. The set-up for healthcare benefits is great, however.
The rhythm of the business is fast paced. There is opportunity to rise through the ranks. The extra compensations.
Great health, dental, vision benefits. Offer decent hourly wages and options for stock, 401(k), retirement, etc.  Great options for time off, leave, paid vacation, etc.
Autonomy, potential for owning big pieces, work with thousands of dollars (marketing budgets, businesses themselves), level of intelligence around you is phenomenal
casual atmosphere at SLU campus
Smart co-workers, lots of growth potential, interaction with MANY vendors and multiple categories, tremendous resources, access to a lot of data, great offices, lots of energy, bring your dog to work, very high salaries, massive upside potential with stock options.
+ You made it! You’ve been hired after a grueling interview process that included everyone you’ll be working with and your entire management chain. They made a point of annoying you just to see how you reacted and you kept your cool and showed your smarts. You’re golden!   + Casual atmosphere -- you can wear shorts, t-shirts and flip-flops -- and you can bring your dog to work.   + Because of the “bar raising” efforts, there is a constant influx of smart, driven, talented people that you’ll be working with.   + You’re given a lot of responsibility in your area and a lot of freedom to forge your own path to get things done (using open-source tools, coming up with new processes, etc.)   + You will learn a lot. You’ll be drinking from the firehose. It’s exciting and often overwhelming.   + Initial compensation is very competitive, especially while you’re still getting your signing bonus
You work with a lot of smart people and they pay pretty well.
Competitive Salary/Compensation and good learning opportunity. You can easily change teams within Amazon.
steepest learning curve you will find. You will learn a lot and have a huge impact early.
Decent pay, and there's always opportunities for overtime. The people are interesting, managers will take care of you (not always for the right reasons) and there's an excellent health center of you need.
Great place to learn new technologies. You can try different business models. The culture is pretty dynamic
no pros because you work hard as temp never to b hired
Lots of advancement opportunities available in a fast growing company
Easy to move up great benefits LOA options 401k vacation holiday pay quarterly bonuses
-Strategic work -Fun atmosphere -Think big -Challenging work
You get what you expect when working at a company like amazon. If you work hard, they will promote you. If you don.t you see the door soon.
They never do direct hires so they can weed out people who are not a good fit
You will learn. A lot. This company has some of the most challenging, most exciting, most technologically engaging problems I have ever had to solve, and I learned an amazing amount in the time I was there.  You will find something in their culture to value. The principles of leadership are impressive, and the way they interplay with each other actually informs how the company operates.
Short work days with 2 breaks
Vibrant environment, lots of smart and fun people to work with, ability to switch your team if you're not satisfied, good pay, nice location in the city, tons of new initiatives and projects... You will never get bored at Amazon!
Fast paced and easy to learn Has a verity of different jobs you can do inside the building so you can learn to do a lot of different tasks
Good Company. Substantial growth.Limited opportunity for entry level positions.
it is a job and you get paycheck. Pay is OK you can find some great people
Upbeat, team oriented work environment. Positive, helpful supervisors.
Benefits are fantastic. Working environment is very professional. Working environment is very fun. Pay is very fair. Leadership was helpful.
It has it moments not a lot of pros
The engineers are among the world's best Your work has a visible impact Ultra customer-centric, everything you do has a direct impact on customers
Open work environment, ability to test new idea's, work life balance.
Competitive good pay learn a lot in downtown smart people
Pay, perks, people,company polices, products
There's not a lot of micro managing. Once you are trained they just leave you to work on your own without being bothered all the time.
Competitive pay, especially with stocks.  Surrounded by smart people. I've never run into anyone that was a moron. A couple lazy people, but nobody that was just dense.  Working on products people use and recognize.  Most everything is home-grown, so if you have a problem with a tool or interface, the code is available to look at and change, or you can track down the person responsible for it.  I've experienced a mostly relaxed work environment with bouts of craziness due to deadlines and big projects. It definitely varies by team/manager.  They give you a transit card and will reimburse up to $160 per month of parking.  I've never heard of layoffs happening ever. The past couple years have been really booming in terms of new employees joining the company. I've seen two people get "managed out of the company" for poor performance. They were both basically given a certain amount of time to find another job before they were fired. Both left with another job.  I like the location. Was closer to downtown with one team and now am in South Lake Union. There's plenty of places to eat nearby and lots of new construction popping up.
Always something new to learn, great benefits, bonuses.
the money for one and the work is not as hard as u would think it is
Fast paced work place with great opportunities to advance.
Get to work with very smart people and push you to bring your A game.
Really smart colleagues, decent pay and benefits. The largest scale you'll ever work on.
Great for ambitious, hard workers.
Very good technical learning experience, very little politics, good pay.
Good starting pay, many opportunities to move up the company quickly
No micro managing. Easy work
Great Company to collaborate and learn.
Laid back environment, doggies at work
Room to grow with company as well as great benefits
Senior management (aka Jeff Bezo and team) provides really amazing new ideas and cool stuff for the future. They like to develop in-house tool so all systems and tools are continuously evolving and employees are encouraged to be creative and propose improvement. I think it provides a ground to keep improve our skills and thinking.
Coworkers and managers are fun and unique
Great pay little hours very clean
Great location to work. Laid back and fun to work
It is a good company to start your career, as it would get you in the performance driven get stuff done attitude fast.
Great people, start-up-y environment, great products/services
Lots of experts, nice campus, good internal tech, access to AWS teams.
benefits are the best thing that they have.
The trainers and their system was top notch.
Good managers. The pay. Their ethics.
Good work culture and team culture
You are part of a company that is really thinking out of the box and doing cool things. Compensation is very competitive.
Coworkers are all smart, hardworking, and generally helpful folks. Salary is decent. Opportunity for a lot of responsibility--unlike at some companies if you aren't there your presence is missed considerably. Stock price is high, if your stock ever vests.
Good pay for easy work. They will work around your school hours if you give them your school schedule. People there are nice. Great break room and great benifets. Great job if you need money quickly. Abiliy for advancement if your a good worker. Lots of time off.
Great benefits, good pay, many helpful associates
None amazon overwork employees amazon is like hell
Everything is good here having worked for a services company in the past, this is great.
1) Risky RSUs if you can survive the vesting period. 2) Work for the leader in the cloud computing industry.
Great pay, gives you more fields of experience, room to advance
The warehouse is busy and buzzing with sounds of miles of conveyors carrying totes. Great company culture.
Friendly Atmosphere,helpful,thoughtful and cares bout your needs
I am proud of Amazon products in general. We values engineer who has the highest standard and deliver a good amount of work. I worked with many bright people and great leaders.
great benefits, working four 10 hr days and three days off! The people I work with makes work fun
Learned a ton, very smart people, amazing health benefits
Good job for new graduate with few experience
money is good. Overtime is always available. Work is not too difficult. stocks vest on an annual basis. raises every 6 months (up to 3 years)
Pays great and has good benefits
decent entry-level pay comprehensive list of benefits a seemingly endless number of career paths to all fields *IF* sought after.
Great benefits PTO and I can leave when every you want
Reasonable work hours. Great benefits with RSUs
- empowered and smart employees. "fueling" smart people that raise the levels of thinking of those around them - the culture is not about turf, culture is genuinely about solving problems for customers and anticipating future customer needs. so much so we don't need the customer obsession leadership principle on the wall, it is part of our DNA. how we assess, how we speak, how we promote, and how we performance manage etc. - high hiring bar to keep the first bullet above current
- Working with exceptionally talented, experienced game developers on games that push the envelope in some aspect. Think Big is taken seriously. - Feels like a small to mid-size studio, but with backing of a huge corporate parent with resources. - I'm excited to go to work every day. - People that don't belong there are moved out. I want to work with a strong team.
Lots of Hours , great benefits, nice work environment
Start up environment inside a big company, lots of opportunity to grow
Highly collaborative environment where your voice is heard. Ability to move around in the company. Fast moving new stuff all the time.
Bottom-up innovation culture, good if you have an entrepreneurial spirit. Good benefits
Good Customer Service, excellent communication skills with management, learn to work with people of all backgrounds, and good benefits. A stepping stone in my career to come.
Always room to grow and they help you out with school
-High base salary -Commission -Fun office culture
There are a bazillion different projects to work on, and 95% of them are solving interesting, difficult software engineering problems. Compensation package is great. What I like best though is that everyone here is smart and motivated. Almost no slackers. Everyone is talented and (at least on my floor) works hard. Obviously it's a huge company, so my experience is just a small sample, but I'd recommend you give it a shot. Just be prepared for the rigorous computer-science-heavy technical interview. A little preparation is all it takes - there are books available on interview prep that cover all aspects of what to expect...
Great people and great pay for an individual working on a college degree. The people here really care about safety and our benefits are amazing.
Great benefits and a stable corporation to work for
Open environment, flexible schedule, good pay
Staffing teams, engineering hiring managers, engineering teams, trainings, exposure to new skills
You can choose your shift.
My team is great, everyone works hard and is super cool even with the crazy amount of stress.
The pay is decent $12 an hour. Guaranteed 40+ hrs a week or more. Good benefits. Friendly diverse coworkers. Constantly cross trained.
Lot's of hours and some overtime.
Highly motivated atmosphere with potential to grow
Great pay for sure. Lots of good perks.
Some of the people (co-workers).
Great benefits and good people to work with!
It was a great learning experience.
Work from home. Do as much or as little as you want.
Owned a variety of projects from start to finish, really liked most of my team and client group, training opportunities available, manager open to help for career development and weekly syncs, flexible schedule with opportunity to work from home, corporate credit card even for level 4 employees for event planning, traveling and staying at nice hotels with awesome catering for recruiting events. Great role if you want to become a recruiter.
Compensation is decent. Some sites offer opportunity for advancement. That is about it.
* Good compensation * Interesting projects * Competent people * Really about the customer.  In terms of compensation, I never felt under-compensated. Projects were generally interesting, and the people I worked with were generally very competent.  You get the impression people really care about the customer. It's refreshing, and somewhat mitigates the amount the company pushes you.
Lots of smart people. Learned how to define, build and launch products in resource constrained environment. Everything I have worked on launched and had customer adoption.
Good Variety lots of experience competent and friendly coworkers work environment
pretty ok sometime but othertime no
Amazon hires from within, as long as you manage the time giving to you your job is secure. you get a decent discount on the amazon website. alot of overtime is offered. you a get a raise every 6 months.
good benefits, good friends, clean building
Four 10 hour work days and at least one weekend day off
Fast paced, friendly environment to work in.
Best people to work with!
AWS has a lot of large scale system you can't find in other companies. There are some unique challenges to solve.
great atmosphere to learn hard work
Supportive manager, was really invested in my own development Was allowed the flexibility to take on issues and work that was interesting to myself Technical skillets shot through the roof while working here
a good place to learn and to contribute as well
Good place with maximum opportunities and great values
Work related to cutting edge technology
You definitely get to choose your career. Amazon is a culture of 'rowing your own canoe'. You can go many directions and I feel that the general consensus of managers support this ideology.
Good exposure to different business areas and people. A lot of ownership and innovation.
Paid time off. Can come and go as you please
Challenging, great life lessons, not a lot of oversight
Easy labor Benefits and hours
I lost 45 pounds in 6 months, this was a job I will never forget as ling as I live, If you need some money they will have alot of work for you.I now no what boot camp is like.
Fast paced and you get to learn a lot and work with smart minds.
If your make friends with the Production Assistants or Area Managers, your time there will not be as bad.
Developing ideas and skills always room for growth
I really enjoyed their training- it was hands-on, and was created with retention in mind, using a number of different educational approaches meant to work for all learning styles. They had great support for their CSAs, including great trainers and supervisors, excellent online tools, chat programs and online tutorials.
- As long as you do what is expected of you, you are generally left alone and you can fly under the radar if so desired - Benefits are decent (but expensive with high co-pays)
Fast Paced Environment, great sense of ownership, huge impact and plenty of opportunities to work
Technology is always changing,learning different jobs
Absolutely none ! Don't work here ! Don't work here ! Don't work here !
Hands on training is awesome, as well as, the opportunity to learn from all managers and teammates. A healthy work-life balance is encouraged...play hard, make money, have fun!!! Amazon is an awesome company with high standards from the best to deliver the best to their customers. Given the opportunity to return, I would in a heartbeat. What an amazing sales opportunity!
Far-reaching company with multiple verticals for options Worldwide reach for relocation A few honest people that actually live the Amazon Leadership Principles.
great pay, amazing benefits, paid time off, paid vacation
Fast paced, lots of innovation, room for growth if you are willing to relocate. Very good resume builder. Lots of learning and dealing with grey areas.
Good friendly environment. Worked with people mostly my age. Training was a lot of fun.
Lots of hands on experience with a variety of technologies. 4x10 schedule at most sites. Fast paced. Opportunities to work on multiple high level projects, travel to new site builds. Plenty of room to take ownership and a variety of areas. Lots of focus on career development. Unless you steal or make a threat, your job is very secure.
Very accommodating to permanent employees.
Smart people. Expanding business. Diversity of opportunities. Great enviorment for learning.
very challenging environment to work for
Ability to create new things and share ideas
Easy job and fast paced
Building has Climate Control, good medical benefits, keeps you in shape, people are hardworking and nice, nice break rooms and accessible and clean bathrooms.
They pay you decently, but not really for the work you have to do. The health care packages are decently priced.
You get to have a well known fortune 500 company on your resume
Flexible Hours but it changes from team to team
Advanced technology made work easier. Stocks were a great incentive to work harder.
Lots of hours and overtime
Being at amazon fulfillment i learned how to set goals and pace my work
Some of the best tech mind work here. Good exposure to cutting edge technologies, and a lot of opportunity to learn, contribute and grow.
* Smart people to work with * Awesome culture driven by customer focus and 14 leadership principles. * Very very less office politics.. again customer in front * challenging projects & work environment
Amazon pays well. This is probably the only pro. The base salary tends to be higher than competitors but their bonus comp structure for sales people is bogus and changes often (for the worse)
There are for many support teams that are always creating new tools for employees to use. they have metrics for nearly every aspect of their business.
I really like working four ten hour shifts and being able to get overtime. I also like the clean bathroom.
It's a job and we all have bills to pay
Overtime hours were a plus which would make the paychecks worth it. 10 hour work days so you do get 3 days off, but that is only when it is not busy. During the winter, it gets increased to 11 hour work days. The pay, with overtime included, was the only thing worth it about that place.
A lot of new things to learn, a lot of tasks to do
Many brilliant people, company is growing quickly, lots of interesting challenges to work on, considered one of the tech leaders of our day
allows you to think and use thought in your daily activity.
Industry leader in commitment to customer service.
No letting people down when you call off, call off anytime take vacation anytime, every quarter you get new unpaid days off and paid days off and vacation is on every check. 10 hour shifts. So much overtime voluntarily, unless it is peak season then some overtime is not voluntary. Simple jobs to do that can actually be fun and you meet tons and tons of new freindly people and even learn abot new products you wouldnt have otherwise even thought about. Pay raises every quarter of 60¢ up to $15/hour. Great benefits.
Company has a great atmosphere.
Customer obsessed company, lot of opportunities.
You get stocks when you start working there
There is nothing I can say that was positive.
Every job in the warehouse is easy to learn, and most of the employees are pretty nice people.
Lots to learn Lots of new technologies to learn Amazon internal tools are really good. It makes you more productive. The wiki pages are well written and well maintained. You can find any information on your own. Full ownership of projects (which really means more work)
Loved everything about amazon. Great hours. Great pay and benefits
Not bad rate per hour
Amazon will reward you if forced to do so. If not, you'll get scraps and worked to the bone. Be bold, stand up for yourself, and realize the cult mentality is all just an elaborate hoax to milk you for everything you're willing to give.
Fun Environment Great pay and Benefits
You can find ample opportunities in the company, because the company offers many exciting products use diverse technologies. On top of that, Amazon has flexible internal transfer policy that you can transfer to other teams after one year in a team.
You can get a lot done if you're on the right team. As part of an internal-facing team, I was able to make a pretty wide impact across global Amazon employees. Many of my coworkers have been incredibly inspiring and supportive.
-I love my co-workers. They are fun people to be around and have been working in the department for at least 2 years+. -The pay is well and overtime definitely boosts your overall pay -Benefits are great
Good hours and everything but i dont see myself working here long-term
team work and friendships are made
The company emphasizes individual responsibility and initiative, so if you're comfortable working independently and solving problems, Amazon is a good place to be. I enjoy the flexible work hours and the emphasis on results, rather than process.
Awesome vision with an innovative culture.
Great benefits that start at day 1.
Set hours Somewhat fun project Good location Project was not rocket science
You work with some really smart people and can learn a great deal. With the right manager and team members, you can really grow personally and professionally. The majority of the projects I worked on were cool projects that impacted literally millions of people. Compensation and benefits are decent, if you stick around long enough.
Some groups are great others are a mess. Hope for the best, if not wait a year and change teams. The software developers seem to love the place because they are the ones actually working/building the innovative projects. The finance people are simply creating the reports. Good pay and benefits. Smart employees. Serious review process.
Good benefits and decent compensation package. Stable and reputable company that will be around for a while. FCs are climate controlled. Demanding but rewarding peak seasons.
* Initially competitive pay for college grads * A well known company
Positive work environment and dogs allowed in office
Chances for growth and opportunity with ability to apply for many positions. Benefits are good, offering medical, dental & vision. Goals/ability to maintain rate is fairly easy to accomplish given your effort Working with KIVA robots is interesting, and they come in very helpful 4 day work week is great
very fast paced. Very progressing, at the edge of the technology. Great leadership principles.
Smart people. Lots of work to do. Being in Seattle the salary looks good. Stock options are decent.
The best reasons of working in Amazon is Benefits, Stock, and Pay Rate.
You have some space to grow
Getting to work in all different paths, meeting all new associates, being able to train all associates according to Amazon standards, learning new and challenging processes.
good pay they pay better than most
Great hours and flexibility. I work 8:30 to 5:00 and am currently not required to work a night shift, which is not common in many warehouse jobs. Weekend overtime is often available and you have a choice between Saturday or Sunday, one half day or a full day. Benefits and perks are very good--Blue Cross health insurance, 401K with company match, stock awards, performance bonuses, occasional free food luncheons, tuition assistance, cash payouts if you decide to leave the company early, ample opportunities for advancement or transfer to other fulfillment centers all over the country. Opportunities for temporary transfer to other facilities to assist in training and startup. There is also a great system of voluntary time off--if the workload slows down you sometimes have the option of leaving early or taking an entire day off. That leaves plenty of available work for those employees who wish to put in their full 40 hours. There is a lot of variety in work tasks. You might alternate between working at least six different functions, which keeps the work fresh and interesting and helps to avoid repetitive injuries.
High visibility job and a great ownership experience. PM at Amazon get to make all the decisions about the product and they are the mini-CEOs of their products. Quite often the PMs present their analysis and road maps to sr. leadership and get close exposure to their thinking and decision making process
Work from home. Coworkers from various States.
Data learning Learn to work with less resources Global opportunities
The organizational values are amazing. I believe in Jeff Bezos's approach to the 6 pager project proposal in that if you can't articulate your idea and how to deliver it using full and grammatically correct sentences (no power point allowed) then you don't know what you're doing. I learned a lot about communication and thinking through and idea entirely before wasting someone's time with half-baked descriptions of ideas.
Paid Time and Unpaid Time is nice
You can really make a difference
At Amazon you will be compensated fairly well (competitive to other large companies) and have the opportunity to be part of a very unique culture. The stock has been performing well which makes it more difficult to leave. However, the culture of frugality equals less benefits for employees. You have the opportunity to work with very high caliber individuals and be lead by one of the smartest (business) people on the planet (Jeff Bezos).
Fun to work at, open environment
Experience and great opportunity to meet new people especially if that is an area you want to work in
Work with talented engineers, flexible hours, interesting problems to solve. You can be the change you seek although you may have to struggle to get there. Business keeps growing and there is always something new in the company that you can take part.
At Amazon they trust you to finish a project from start to finish which is awesome.
Good salary Opportunity for advancement Low stress
Top notch engineers and better management than most large companies. They have an emphases on accomplishing features for the customers rather than playing in a sandbox just for entertainment of cool ideas.
Continuous improvement, Fast paced, Engaging
20 percent off employee discount at Macy's and Bloomingdales.
Very smart people. Fast pace operations
benefits, hours, work place, environment, area
Technically the work is challenging
Live corporate values, innovative company in interesting industries
Benefits are good, great co-workers, not a difficult or strenuous job
Big name, use it to get a better job, good benefits
Amazon is doing amazing things in so many areas: media, cloud, fulfillment, hardware, grocery, Fire/Kindle. The stock growth over time is great bonus too.
Seattle is s great city. Amazons campus is absolutely incredible. The low key office environment is great! There is a young and vibrant work force.
-I consistently deal with technical candidates that are absolutely outstanding at what they do (code, lead teams/projects, team players, strong customer focus, etc). This is perhaps one the most attractive aspect of working for AWS/Amazon. -Plenty of recruiting tools to choose from. A 300% increase from other companies which I have consulted for on a contract basis (10 years plus). -Management will take new recruiting tool suggestions seriously assuming it is presented with facts. -Hiring managers will spend money on "out of the box" job posting ads or larger features depending on reasoning and need. -Recruiting management doesn't micro manage by any means if you have decent hiring numbers. -Fast paced environment but for the right reasons since AWS is growing so fast. Very similar to a staffing agency environment in many ways but I enjoyed working for an agency years back. Move quickly, share candidates if appropriate and build quality pipelines for your hiring managers and everything will be fine. -More pros than cons in my opinion.
great benefit package at day one
Friendly co-workers, and managers/senior staff is always open to ideas and does whatever they can to find ways to help make things easier for everyone. You're recognized for your hustle. Abundant fridge space in break rooms so you don't have to eat the standard fare of vending machine junk food. Cash and prizes on occasion for those hard working or lucky enough.
Still thinking of one. good benefit package
Great coworkers. Played music on overtime days. Fun events. Fast paced.
good pay and good for students
Flexibility to make your own hours, work from home on short notice and freedom to travel and network.
benefits , stock money , 4 days a week and overtime if you want ( sometimes mandatory )
It SEEMS like a great company. And it is if you are a customer. Most managers have no experience and are also tasked with individual contributor work. So, if you are a manager who also wants to do another whole job at the same time Amazon is a great place for you.
Leadership Principles, Driven Colleagues
Good company, solid technology, pays well
Open to new technologies
Opportunity is what you make of it, stretch assignments, global work. Job Security as it is a large company that rarely terminates in some Orgs.
Get to work at an exciting company where everyone knows -- and is impressed by -- the brand. Really smart people (some are "too smart" - see below) in a face-paced place. Great part of town to work in.
Work at home is convienient, theres no commute and you can work in your pjs! Amazons system is very well developed and updated so there isnt much confusion when learning it. Social interaction among team members is encouraged. The hours are flexible, they will work with you to find a schedule that works for you. There's also a lot of overtime avaialble aswell as volunteer time off. There's always someone available to help if you need it.
Ample opportunity to move around once you're in. Very interesting projects. Excellent place to work if you have thick skin and are able to manage your time, and want to play politics. Very smart people to work with who are all there for the same reason ... very few companies offer the diversity of projects with incredible scale and impact on markets. I look at my ten years there as a Masters program where I learned a ton and was paid well. It was a truly great education I wouldn't trade for anything.
great benefits, stock options are a plus if you are they for more than 2 years
Corporate culture, fast-paced, challenging, yet rewarding,
Responsibilities, career development, opportunities, international expansion, smart coworkers, workplace is the best In Town, café, Seattle rocks
Interesting work, ownership of deliverables, and smart peers make working here fun.
company has great health benifits
There's always something new to work on: whether it's an upcoming release of a new product or feature, or a new method of attempting to provide a better customer experience. You work with some of the smartest people around, and it shows. Teams are small and maintain ownership of their areas with little to no interference from other teams.  The company's leadership principles are EVERYTHING here. Customer obsession wins every time, which is the way it should be.
Great learning opportunity on the syst skills like access and excel
Enjoy working with very intelligent peers.
Fantastic opportunities for growth & development (both personally and professionally), great people, good benefits although too pricey, vacation/sick time is okay, flexible, offers tuition reimbursement (hard to find these days), free meals, opportunities to travel.
Active job for active people, new challenges every day, inside look at an interesting business.
Always keep busy, whether its monthly work or ad-hoc 'fires' to put out, there's always something going on. You have the ability to do what you want and go with it rather than seeking the approval of others.
Great pay, esp. including equity & hiring bonuses. Challenging & you get an opportunity to work on very high level projects, even at junior/mid-level roles. It's usually expected for you to challenge the status quo, and "most" groups appreciate doing so (have heard stories of other groups like Amazon Local who are not as on-board with this style). Overall benefits are good (free bus pass, subsidized parking & cell phone, competitive insurance plans). Some groups are also fairly flexible about occasionally working remotely when needed.
Amazon.com is a challenging, fun, and ultimately rewarding experience. You have a lot of potential for career growth, with SDEs able to get promoted to the VP level while remaining an individual contributor. If you can find a good team, with a supportive manager, you can definitely excel.  You are given a lot of responsibility -- even SDE-1s own a part of the software stack and are responsible for delivering on it.  With ownership comes responsibility. You are expected to be oncall and maintain your software end to end. Most teams have an oncall rotation, no dedicated QA staff, and full autonomous ownership of a subset of Amazon.com. I consider this a pro -- I love working in a place that trusts its engineers to make decisions, and gives us full responsibility from end-to-end. As a senior engineer at Amazon, you will come up with the business idea for what to do, help management prioritize it appropriately, design the architecture end-to-end, implement the code, test the code, deploy the code, and finally maintain the code if anything goes wrong. It's exhilarating, challenging, and a lot of fun. But it's not for everyone.  Amazon.com's service oriented architecture ensures that most teams at Amazon own a subset of Amazon services, which means that they are responsible for defining the roadmaps for their service. As a senior engineer, you often spend part of your time as a product manager, helping define the roadmap for your services. It's a great opportunity to grow.  Finally, the promotion process is fair and puts the power in the hands of the engineer up for promotion. You are given a clear document on what it takes to get to the next level (SDE1->SDE2, SDE2->SDE3, SDE3->Principal being the main ones.) Then you are given full power to seek out projects that get you to the next level. Amazon won't care about your years of experience -- it will promote you solely based on your merit, which is great if you can prove yourself.
Minimum office drama SDE has a very big power over their daily project Working on new technology
Customer focus, Good projects, Move fast
Being from Amazon is great for you career. It looks good on a resume and you can learn a lot. The company is innovative and the AWS offering is very strong. It can transform a business. There are a lot of smart people here and they will make you better. A couple years here will make you better but there is a price.
Adverture exprencing fun busy crazy
They have many hours to and choose from around your schedule. Made decent amount of money in a short amount of time
The pros about working for Amazon is that they have everything to offer that any person could ever need or want. Amazon stands by their products, provide jobs for people from every walkof life even people who have worked for the U.S.mint. Amazon is a challenge to work for, you get a real physical workout and great training, with room for expansion and promotion. Amazon lives what it preaches, customer focus, mission, vision, strategic goals and KPIs, continuous quality improvement and continuous management. I really enjoyed my employment at Amazon especially meeting new and interesting people who help make Amazon what it is today. Mary Jane Davis-Peralta
Care about you. Teach you real skills.
Don't ask merchants for money upfront Leadership principles of the company make sense and they stick to it. Customer obsessed but NOT employee obsessed. They can careless about the employees.
Pay at Amazon is great. I have worked with several customer service teams and their customer service model is by far the greatest model I have ever supported.
Flexible hours and great managers
4 day work week most weeks
Five hundred and forty a week and advancement is very easy to achieve in a short period of time, weekly raffle tickets to win televisions, cameras and what not
Smart people, good technologies, innovation
The scheduling at Amazon is 4 days on, 3 days off. There are opportunities for Voluntary Overtime year-round. The company is a stickler for time and will send you home when you are 30 minutes from hitting 60 hours to make sure that you don't go over. They offer Paid Time Off, Unpaid Time Off, and Vacation which all get earned each quarter - on every check. Most of the Managers are genuinely interested in helping you learn various skills and departments so that you can further your career. The benefits are highly competitive and the best I've had to date, and your pay is Direct Deposited at the exact same time every pay period. You never have to worry about your check being late or coming in on different days. There is a lot of walking and a lot of standing for your entire shift, but you get used to it quickly and it helps keep you from feeling lazy. There is also a clinic on campus, which is nice. The warehouses are climate controlled and there are fans on each floor. The temperature isn't perfect, but there are a lot of employees to accommodate and you are comfortable enough to get through your day.
Great atmosphere, friendly co-workers, sufficient salary
Good atmosphere with good management. Compensation is decent for an hourly rate for this caliber of positions. (But is part time)(No health benefits)
They are paying for my CompTIA courses
Can make lots of money at Xmas from overtime. Can usually work 50-55 hrs a wk and monthly bonuses are doubles for October nob and dec
Got to work on several interesting projects and worked with some great people
Work with very smart people.
The work is pretty easy. It can also be fun since the inbound stations pair up two people so you can talk as long as you get your work done.
1. Good Company Culture 2. Healthy Team Environment
Good atmosphere with good management. Compensation is decent for an hourly rate for this caliber of positions. (But is part time)(No health benefits)
You get to see really cool stuff that you never knew exsisted, everything from food to sex toys! The co-workers are helpful. You can lose weight walking 15+ miles a day. You can dress in casual comfy clothes. Training coaches are really good.
Five years’ experience as Data analyst in inventory and quality assurance. My skills include being able to solve routine inventory problems that may be more detailed or complex than normal including system analysis and reconciliation of inventory. There would be no problem with referring to an inventory control along with checking data for reconciliation
Fast paced, smart individual contributors, insane growth.
You got to be trained in many departments. Departments include: Inbound receive, Inbound Stow (stock), Inventory Control Quality Assurance (counting inventory), Picking (First step in the outbound process), Crisplant (packing multiple items into one box), Singles (packing each item into a box by itself), and loading trucks. You got to participate in a great exercise program (there's a lot of walking involved in working at Amazon.com)! You would also be able to sign up to train new associates! You do get to work overtime if you choose.
The benefit package is nice
Challenging projects. Fast paced work dynamics
The best reasons to work at Amazon.Com is the pay, the teameork, and the benefits.
pay rate is commensurate with area as are the benefits.
It was a great place to work very fun and friendly
Great compensation, particularly in the early years (when it's mostly in cash) Working with incredibly talented and dedicated people is inspiring Projects are cutting-edge: you'll be telling your grandkids about them
The money was great and the talent of my peers far exceeded any group I have worked with.
3 days off for most roles, large amount of ownership over the process, gained valuable management experience.
sometimes you get to win prizes sometimes you would get donuts
Great pay, great products, fast paced
I had quick job that's why I can't recommend
Health insurance, A/C warehouse, water stations near every corner, casual dress code..
Pto time, that is abused by many , no pros no pros no pros a pay check only pay check only pay check only....want to he happy
You can learn very fast here. The work pace is above average. One coworker told me "working at Amazon for one year is similar to working in another company for two." That is true!
Good ideas. Great place to get noticed by improving scalable processes or
Fun work. Got to help people. Interesting because of the different sort of things dealt with. Training was good. Good manager support. Felt like part of a team.
New tech rolls out daily
Good salary and benefits Great people and collaborative envrionment
None Semi good pay Semi good hours Semi good co workers
4 day weeks when not busy
Awesome team, smart coworkers, very cool technology, fast-moving, and ability to have your hands in multiple things. AWS is defining what is cloud computing and you can be a part of it.
Work-life balance is great because its a 40 hour per week job, but you get three days off and work four days. This allows you to spend time with family and relax before going back to work. Also worth noting is the hours they give you to just take off and leave in the middle of the day. So if you just want to work a half day, you can. The individual departments have jobs that are very physically demanding but not mentally stimulating, meaning just about anyone can do them.
big company with talented people
Very smart people, fast paced and interesting concepts and ideas.
Simple offering: If you make it, great: what don't kill you makes you more experienced. First 6-12 months are quite likely the shittiest in your life so far. After that it will improve one way or another. Many quite during that point, and the next job is usually an improvement. Those who do not will figure out how to improve their life within. Both may work.
Very good benefits, a lot of time off offered.
Flexibility. Freedom to work on projects to present to management. Sometimes they care to listen sometimes they don't. Health insurance is okay not the greatest.
Amazon provides amazing benefits. They provide very generous time off policies and a week of paid vacation within the first year. You will get feedback directly from customers about your performance.
Open culture. Smaller teams which also encourage you to get a Business insight of things. They encourage innovative efforts.
Good compensation, young and dynamic leadership, flexible work culture...
They are paying for much of my education They have a ladder that is climb-able from the very bottom
Great learning experience with earlier responsibilities and little support - sink or swim.
Little bureaucracy, can-do attitude, high visibility, good rotational opportunities
Very agile in the strict sense of the word. Moves quickly. Embraces innovation. Accepts failures and moves on. Truly focuses on the customers, not on politics. Results focused. It's been said to be more of a start-up environment than even start-ups are, that's how dynamic it is.
+ Smart people + Great technology + Awesome mentors + Seattle is an amazing place
Smart people, fast paced, lots of open roles
Good pay and benefits are #1. You definitely have a challenging environment that can be quite rewarding at times. You work with a lot of very intelligent people who keep you on your toes. You will not be bored.
- tons of smart people - you get the chance to make high value and high impacting functionalities - people listens when you point out the right thing - you manage your own time
You get great benefits and the people are amazing
you get paid and live.
You have a real chance to test your mettle here. Pay and benefits are good, and ample opportunities are always available.
if you need a job... always hiring. Working at amazon is mainly about speed. Working non-stop.
You'll learn a lot of new tasks, as multi-tasking is fundamental here.
Cutting edge tech, world-class engineering, constant innovation, like of like NY: if you can make it there, you can make it anywhere
Pays very well, high level of responsibility, with big challenges.
Diversified retail business with lots of opportunity to learn different categories Competitive pay with decent sign on bonus
Smart people , lot to learn
Guaranteed hours, ok pay, overall compensation
Decent pay, good hours, very supportive management teams, and they are VERY flexible. They also work great with students.
You become what you put into it
Dogs: I love having a work place with dogs when I need to take a break I also love that the emphasis is on what you get done, rather than time you spent with your butt in the chair
Great work environment and employee's
Its a small division within Amazon and has been growing very fast in the past 4-5 years and taking on new challenges, and you get an opportunity to work on them. Most of the work here is pure engineering and development as it is a very young group.
I worked too many hours
low work load, good pay
Amazon Kindle is an ambitious, forward-thinking place to work. Amazon isn't just creating "me too" products, but is instead paving interesting ground with new initiatives. It's rare in industry to be able to work on V1 consumer electronics products at huge tech companies, whereas Amazon widely publicizes many job reqs for new "secret" projects. I worked on the FirePhone, which although it did not sell well, was still a valuable learning experience and one that has positioned me to more or less be able to get a job "anywhere" in tech.  The work environment is fast paced, but this is somewhat expected as nobody joins a digital products org expecting to take it easy. The work environment is process-light, collaborative, and focused on results versus process. There's typically a sense of the team solving a challenging problem together and celebrating as a unit. Performance reviews are 360, so it's hard to get away with being a jerk to your team or trying to capture glory.  Salaries are great here. Amazon uses a base + RSU's model to determine total comp, so consider the entire package versus base salary. RSU's can be a significant portion of comp, and Amazon stock has been traditionally on the rise.  The engineering leadership org is expected to be highly technical as well as effective as managers. There's no room for "high level" leaders: my VP is probably one of the most technically gifted people I have ever worked with. Unlike in some companies where you may have to dumb down presentations the further up the chain you go, at Amazon you'll often find that senior leadership exceeds your own technical bar.  Overall, every company has its pros and cons of course, but the main appeal of coming to Amazon Kindle is the opportunity to work on something big that you'll be able to actually ship in a fairly short timeframe, and it's something that will often find its way to your friends and family. Amazon offers a great tangible experience shipping a product, and is a valuable resume builder.
Lots of overtime available during Christmas season.
Here, you can definitely learn a lot and help shape the future of the online business if you like working fast paced business.
It's only four hours of work. The Company has benefits for it's part time employees. Management is helpful. After only 20 days of employment you receive 10 hours of ATO but without pay
good reputation good learning experience optimistic future
Good programming knowledge builds in Amazon
Surrounded but really smart, motivated people. Innovative work and cool new products. Pay is pretty good for market, though always has you by the golden handcuffs.
The Associates were some of the hardest working (and least appreciated) people I have ever worked with. Without these people Amazon would be nothing. Until the Union steps in and gives Bezos some heartburn, the fulfillment centers across the country will continue to be glorified sweat shops.
Great pay and benefits. Many opportunities for advancement within.
Decent pay. Friendly coworkers.
Monthly bonuses, the culture is great so everyone is easy to talk to. The hard work can be rewarding in a short period of time, lots of people get promoted in a short period of time. They also have a program that will pay for you to go back to school after working there for a year. The benefits packages they offer are also really good.
smart people, fast-paced, salary and stock
The pay is decent for warehouse work and the benefits are great.
Having three phone interviews and went to the local office. Four hour in-person interview. Phone interviews consisted of technical questions and in-person interview consisted of technical and personal questions.
Good Benefits, along with clean working conditions
The benefits are great. The medical will even help pay for gender reassignment (if that's what you wish to do) and recognize same sex partners. There is also stock options given annually to all full time employees. You get a week of personal time (paid vacation) in hourly increments, as well as another week of vacation time (also hourly increments). The pay is reasonable (11 to 14 dollars an hour based on seniority). Even part time employees get medical benefits. They also offer a career path (once you've been an Amazonian a year) where the company offers to pay for part time schooling up to 3k a year for four years for certain career paths. The total package (benefits, stock, and pay) is probably 18 to 22 dollars an hour.
I loved working at Amazon - the headquarters area was really great once we all moved to South Lake Union. It was nice to meet colleagues at one of the many coffee shops or cafeterias. The stock price increased significantly during my time there so my original stock was worth much more than I planned on - a nice surprise. Working on a team with Jeff exposure was challenging and fun - Kindle in 2010-2012 was a GREAT place to be.
Competitive pay, interesting work, opportunities to work in many fields. Opportunities to work with a lot of very talented people.
Good experience, you get to manage a lot of people right out of college
Great culture. Amazingly oriented towards the customer.
Good package and benefits. Working with great minds
A lot of flexibility as far as time off is concerned. Many different OU's to choose from so you can move laterally. As a company Amazon goes above and beyond to make the day fun and exciting (especially holdiays). Lots of overtime. Stock. Bonuses
Good benefits if hired by Amazon, availability due to large number of workers needed for six weeks in peak season, good as seasonal job through ISS (but without benefits)
Decent medical benefits, chance to learn a lot about the a fulfillment business process and make quick but safe and smart business decisions.
It varies from team to team but I had the opportunity to work on some amazing stuff that made me learn a lot about scale and infrastructure that goes along with such a huge eco-system. Another thing that surprised me was how smart a lot of the folks working here actually are.
Honestly, there was nothing positive about working at this facility. It was just plain awful and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Good work culture, independence, start-up like work environment
great pay excellent hours, over time if needed
Was good experience as an intern here but it definitely depends on what team you're on. Learned a lot
For just $11.00x hr. they are transforming a Human Worker into a Human-Robot...
This review is about the extended PC or Personal Computers team and holds true most of Consumer Electronics (not just Personal Computers (PC), Components, Peripherals, Accessories, Input Devices). This review will also help someone in Inventory Management or Instock Manager function as they work close to vendor managers). Core Business Experience - In a vendor management function, you get a business experience where you are buying and selling stuff like someone who is running his own store. Agreed that this is not glamorous and you do just one type of transaction 100 times over, it is still a business role and not an advisory/consulting role  Experience in Challenging Category - Personal Computers and Consumer Electronics as such is a tough category where products come in and phase out in very short cycles and are often unprofitable. So you will experience high pressure given that this category has a high topline impact and often adverse bottomline impact. So you can get several years of experience in a few years. (On the flip side, expect to work at least 60-70 hours a week during off peak times and 80ish during Q4)
Benefits are great, great co-workers, the hours aren't bad. There is always an opportunity for over time. The costumer #1 we strive to meet or exceed the costumers exception
When you put it on, it feels like it was custom made for you. You feel invincible. You can you anything and you want to wear it forever.
Good health benefits and 401k plan.
Enjoy many of the people that I work with. Also, I like the idea of swag bucks received when your hard work is noticed.
Good compensation, room for growth if you are liked by your supervisors, lots of vacation time.
Fast paced and innovative work/projects
Opportunity work environment and people. Its all good, you do have to be a self motivator. Picking or stowing making rate is a challenge but if you stay on task and work with a sense of urgency you will make it happen .
Working with intelligent people and massive quantities of data.
I have been an Amazonian for one year, and I believe Amazon is a great place to work. None of the tasks are difficult, but they can get boring, and mind numbing. If you are a fast learner who can excel in any task they throw at you then you will move up the ladder quickly. Moving your way up the ladder is all based on business needs though, so it takes patience and perseverance. The more you learn the more variety you will have, and the more you will break into positions where you have to think a little more.  +Good benefits +Nice Time off options +Easy tasks +Easy work (if you're in shape) +Great people to work with +No dress code (within safety regulations obviously) +No rules against tattoos +Plenty of opportunity to learn new things
Lots of great exercise, all the time.
1) amazing projects 2) amazing opportunities to grow in multiple roles 3) amazing place to be on fast track learning 4) amazing international opportunities
Different challenges everyday. Once you've gained enough knowledge and respect, the process becomes a lot easier and moving up is obviously easier as well.
Good place to work at and you get paid descent amount of money
Work hard and you move up
- Company uses a bunch of open source stuffs which is cool but there're better companies doing even better like Yahoo/Linkedin/Facebook.  - CEO is a visionary and the overall business has a good perspective.
Great place if you are entrepreneurial. You will learn lot about E-commerce in depth, work with very talented people on challenging and rewarding projects both internally and with vendors. You are always learning new skills, working on the latest projects in E-commerce, and challenging yourself.
Great schedule, lots of time off, the pay is decent after you have been there a while.
Kitchen, views, coffee, wearing short and t-shirts to work, great views
I made some really good friends.
Pay and benefits are above market average.
Training, although fast paced and slightly disorganized was invaluable. Definitely tools that I could take with me to my next destination.
Lots of cross group work. Code packages are open for everyone to access.
Great coworkers and benefits. Can be loads of fun when you are working on innovative projects.
Autonomy to make decisions Planning process does not back in from a budget, money is used on the best data Growing company, so less jockeying for status and positions vs working smart
Good pay, a lot of hours, some fun people, bonuses, raffles
You get to build stuff. You have to support what you build, talk to customers, etc., but you get real ownership of components and subject matter expertise. If you're good, find a good team - or even better, a good manager - and you'll do okay.
- Great Salary - Many events, groups, etc. to work in - Great benefits - Everyone knows who you work for - Many learning opportunities in regards to scale and your job as a whole generally - Generally easy to move within the company
good training system and very good chance for leadership skills
Large company with the opportunity to change teams and learn something new. Compensation isn't bad as long as your lucky enough to shares and fortune to sell them at the right time.
Time given to permanent workers there make it so your set schedule can be more flexible. Being able to leave earlier or arrive later.
Great people to work with. Its a fun company and I really learned at lot. Great experience
- Get a great name on your resume - Impact millions of people worldwide
Good learning opportunity, good people to work with
Project interesting. Providing a startup-like environment. Colleagues are nice.
You'll get to learn about how a business is run and how coding helps that goal.
Good Health Insurance, 401K plan, Stock Plan, and Vacation/Personal Time. If you are willing to put in the work they will help you on your path to being promoted. Willing to transfer you to different buildings and or states. Promote from within and hire from the outside. Lots of changes every day, week, month!
If you get into a department when the department is new, you have a fair shot of a couple of decent years of work.
Pay and benefits is ok.
Amazon - the customer service reputation helps create relationships. Initial team hired for offline Kindle sales was strong and amazing to work with. Current business plan will be focused on "Happy Hour and Party Offs". College centric recruitment and appeasement to our age...lots of free drinks and outings. Fun if you like to drink.
Great benefits, good company to have on your resume. Lots of overtime and paid time off.
Great opportunities working for the leading e-Commerce company in the world. Lots of different job types from software and hardware development to operations. Strong top-down leadership.
Meet a lot of people from different backgrounds. Have a lot of little contests. Love working four 10's and having 3 days off. Lost 25 pounds and in pretty good shape now.
Excellent benefits and earned time off and easy to use time off.(or at least was)
Great benefit package. Room for advancement. Overtime available.
Working with very smart people
I loved that I was working from home, they were give out gift cards over the holiday season that helped me buy xmas gifts. I was paid $1 extra per hour worked from November - January in one lump sum as a bonus once my seasonal position ended.
Meet a lot of people from different backgrounds. Have a lot of little contests. Love working four 10's and having 3 days off. Lost 25 pounds and in pretty good shape now.
Great pay and teams can be awesome to work with. Lots of support for certain departments and processes but not so much for others. Kind of depends on the flavor of the month. Lots of opportunities to learn, grow and move up. Training is provided for smaller processes and resources are given for management roles
They have decent pay & good benefits
Paid time off, Vacation time, Benefits
Work culture is very comfortable. Focus is given on getting things done.
I came to Amazon 9 years ago and learned a lot. I was continuously challenged and pushed in the cold, Darwinian way that Amazon loves so much.  This helped me get exposure to processes and technology that I wouldn't have had in a smaller company. It enforced a discipline that has benefitted me since then.
-Smart A-player colleagues and high bar for hiring -Fast and dynamic pace -Constant opportunity to work on new and high-level projects -Ability to grow as a professional, gain new responsibility & grow your team -Customer-centric company
the job is highly or should i say very competitive
Pays well for an undergraduate intern. 6k per month plus housing. I was in a hotel. Lots of people I knew loved it. Totally depends on your team. Looks good on a resume.
Surrounded by smart people! Some teams are good at work/homelife balance. It's up to you to try to find one that values that. Always opportunity for challenging yourself on new projects and ways to advance your skills. Great vacation/PTO time if you are willing to take it
Acceptable pay Always work to be done Paid time off / Unpaid time off Benefits
Got to meet a lot of people
Potential to grow laterally and upwards Get to be involved in big projects
Commuting is pretty reasonable, pays well.
Working with amazing management is a plus, I love cvg3 my second time here I been here as smx temp. Came back and got hired on within a month I'm experiencing something's I was taught and learned like problem solve ambassador Full time employee training folks listening to them helping them out this is a great field to learn different techniques amazon use to keep their job running the benefits are amazing.. I never worked for a company that provided you with such great benefits as amazon do.. You can add or change information on your benefits. They even have amazon university if you want to learn about a field at your work just apply.
Good salary, would get to meet brilliant and dedicated engineers. Uses all kinds of cutting edge technology and everything from developing to testing is done by the developer.
compensates rates well, innovative, unique experience from industry leader ( a plus to have on resume)
Great insurance, steady work. fun products 10 hour shifts 4 day weeks ice cream in summer 10% discount gift cards
There are a lot of fun working there since we do cool stuffs and take things to new levels.
Working with amazing management is a plus, I love cvg3 my second time here I been here as smx temp. Came back and got hired on within a month I'm experiencing something's I was taught and learned like problem solve ambassador Full time employee training folks listening to them helping them out this is a great field to learn different techniques amazon use to keep their job running the benefits are amazing.. I never worked for a company that provided you with such great benefits as amazon do.. You can add or change information on your benefits. They even have amazon university if you want to learn about a field at your work just apply.
- Extremely Fast paced - Beauty of the organizaton is that it keeps learning and evolving for past mistakes - Collaborative by nature (service oriented architecture)
Lot to learn and there is never an end in any role if you are working with amazon. only that you should have zeal to learn some
plenty of room to grow, competitive pay
Ironically, the best perk for me is being able to bring my dogs to work. On my team, we've got a solid codebase to work from, a fantastic manager, amazing coworkers, and even our interns can create products that are seen by millions of people. Being able to work on really highly visible projects that have a significant impact is awesome. There is some *really cool stuff* to work on, and a lot of interesting problems to solve.
Leadership progression is very high within this company.
Great technology and products. Smart people. Truly customer centric.
Easy money if you don't mind being on your feet 10+ hours, good benefits,mouth-swab drug test,great social environment easy to make friends.
Fast-paced Competitive Good pay for the area Fun people Good parties
Ability to manage time allotted sick/personal time however one feels. You can take an hour up to a full day if you want, you just have to have available time in bank.
Easy work, not too extensive training
its a good work out this job takes your mine off a lot of stuff
I had really high hopes for working at Amazon. They have great benefits. Also the working only 4 days a week was fantastic.
Easy work but mind numbing. A monkey could do most jobs as they are so repetitive but a great weight loss program if you are hired as a picker walking a minimum of 12 miles a day.
Pay was OK, time-off policy was great, excellent benefits, great managers. Probably the easiest place of employment to get time off if needed, as long as it was outside of the most busiest parts of the year.
great place to work at, to solve technical problems
Good training, challenging work, able to make decisions and act upon them. Good benefit package. Overall my 9 year experience with Amazon is positive, working in both Operations and Human Resources.
You meet a lot of different people some are interesting and some are just flat out weird. It makes the job go by if you talk to them
Lots of responsibility, great co-workers, stable company, good benefits in addition to having many different types of casual meet ups.
Getting straight out of college and getting 4 years industry experience in one year. The amount of experience you get from this place is phenomenal, because it is so fast-paced. The trainings are great. They send you to different cities for multiple trainings and its nice to meet new people and see interesting places.  The compensation is crazy. I was a university hire so when I saw the amount of money Amazon was willing to give me, all of the other offers went out of the window. Along with the large signing bonuses, it makes it hard to even compare them with any other offers you get as a senior in college. I was making way more money than any of my peers were making and the signing bonus, I was almost embarrassed to tell my friends in fear they would be envious.  After you work for Amazon for any amount of time, your appeal to recruiters go sky high. Recruiters know that Amazon offers incredible training for its workers and that the managers that work there will not be there for very long. I worked at Amazon for only 4 months before recruiters from other companies were contacting me about other job opportunities.
Great company to work for, great benefits, diverse employees, potential to grow with company fast.
On the right team and project, Amazon is a great place to work. Extremely talented people, and interesting problems. Amazon leans heavily towards investing in the long term which means it explores some fascinating areas and makes big bets. Think of it as a well funded VC firm funding many startups (AWS, Amazon Instant Video, Amazon Fresh, etc.)
Opportunity is everywhere at amazon. Joining straight after college, it really molded me into a hard working professional. It helps you identify the type of manager you want to become and gives you insight on how a political corporate american company works. It gives you an experience you will not have working anywhere else. It is an intense work environment and forces you to adapt quickly. Success at this company is a mixture of luck, hard work and political talent. Pay is good and stock options are more plentiful the longer you work there.
If you're lucky enough to be a permanent employee, pay and benefits are better than other opportunities for similar qualifications. 4 day work week is great, and so is overtime pay.
Stock award is a great pay supplement, but you must work two years for it to vest. The company is always growing and changing. Customer Service is given leeway to think outside the box.
innovative and always come up with new ideas
Decent money, good job security. Big company with mobility to move around.
Laid back. Nice pay. Fun. Great management.
Positive atmosphere. Worked with Great people. Got a bonus for setting up my own computer. The traing was so good that I was able to pass all the test without any difficulty. I got great reviews from customers and got a gift card for being a top performer.
Great Opportunity for advancement anywhere in the company
- A place where builders can build - Relatively flat company - Able to learn and grow so much in a short period of time - Opinions are valued at all levels
Operates like a startup You will interact with very smart people - the smartest in the globe. Not much politics - mostly ego clashes Very engineering / data - driven
Talented people, interesting problems, good work culture
Great work environment, proper staff support systems and lots of opportunity to move up the scale.
Amazon.com can be a fun and vibrant work-environment. They push you to you limits (which can be both good and bad).
Good pay, flexible, bonuses are nice
Great pay great benefits, 4 day work week.
Good benefits, Good pay about 11-12$ hr
Employees generally work together at times, benefits are good, company values are good
fast turnaround when tackling issues
Treated with respect, able to earn more the longer i'm here, and able to advance.
good benefits, atmosphere, employees, and management
The largest internet-based retailer in the US. Its AWS, a cloud computing platform. Services oriented architecture.
Great culture. Several opportunities once your "foot is in the door". Hard work and dedication is rewarded. Decent pay. Great benefits.
Compensation is good Paid Time Off is pretty good They give you plenty of vacation time and unpaid time for the work that you have to do.
Challenging projects and smart driven people can make it fun when things are going well and management is aligned. Good amount of flexibility and opportunity if you are ready to take it on, but you have to be self motivated.
New challenges and new faces all time
Work doesn't take much thought.
For the industry there is great pay, strong benefits package, great co-workers, & visionary leadership.  I'm given the opportunity the opportunity to take on new responsibility and grow consistently over the years. I've had the chance to travel, domestically and abroad, a dozen times.  The company gets involved in the community, not as much as I would like to see, but they are good corporate citizens to our area.  Amazon is the truest meritocracy of which I've been a part. Strong performance is rewarded, while poor performance is managed out or to a a better fitting role. There is always some favoritism in every organization, but I've seen the least amount here.  My favorite thing about Amazon is how it really follows it's mission of being the 'Earth's Most Customer-Centric Company." Like the Bible or Constitution, being 'customer-centric' can be interpreted differently by different people, but in my experience, a positive impact of customers, and then employees, is at the forefront of every decision.
-okay pay -lots of OT That's about sums it up... SMH
Disclaimer: My opinion mostly represents QA/SDET culture at Amazon.  Amazon's names looks great on resume. Amazon is only one of the very few companies that can claim such a high growth rate for over a decade. Senior leadership is among the strongest I've ever seen in any company.  You will be working with great developers, PMs and designers. You will work on outstanding projects that will impact millions of customers and generate millions of dollars in revenue. Amazon has lots of great tools for developers, which you can utilize as an SDET.
Meeting new associates, becoming an Ambassador, going to other states to help train associates for the opening of a new building. Peak season is the best when it comes to hrs. It becomes full time until peak season is over.
It's like they say about New York City, you should live there while your young so you can experience all it has to offer, but don't stay too long because it will grind you into dust. The deliver-at-all-costs machine flings bodies left and right. There's a reason the average length of employment is 18 months.  Pros * Some smart people to learn from * Fast moving culture * Opportunity to learn quite a few things as long as you don't linger too long educating yourself
Good benefits. The pay is decent for a fulfillment job.
It is an amazing environment working at Amazon. The team is great and friendly. There is a lot of team-work.
Many opportunities in different fields, all over the world
Easy job, basically you stack packages on a shipping pallet. When the load is about 61/2 feet high you wrap it in shrink wrap and move on to the next one.
Team oriented and looks to have you updated on most recent media facts/ information to benefit company
good pay and benefits good people to work with easy work for the pay
Pay is great considering you can get hired with no warehouse experience. They hire a lot of people right out of college and ex-military. Lots of opportunity to learn other jobs.
Everyone is very friendly and has a team work environment.
High growth ecommerce company with extreme focus on customer satisfaction by improving price, selection and convenience. Individuals with talent, experience and a willingness to work hard have tremendous opportunities to further their career.
- You work with some of the smartest people around. - Huge range of areas/technology you can work with, depending on the team
Office setting. Very low stress environment.
you get paid every two weeks with chances for overtime and work a four on three off schedule, also you get a lunch break and two regular breaks
Best in class work culture
They are very flexible when you want to take your time off and unpaid time off. You can let them know 30 min ahead of time and they can't say no. Pay is ok for a starting warehouse job. Nice new building.
The VTO and the time they allow you to be off.
pay other than that none
Tremendous growth potential for high performers. The business is growing and dynamic. Provides opportunity for engaged leaders of people and owners of process.
Its a good company to work for. Very fast building environment and lots to learn. All the teams have start-up type environment. You need very strong leadership principles and everyone is willing to help.
There is a lot that needs to be done and they're poised to accomplish it. As an individual contributor, you can exercise some ambition. You can move internally after a year in your current position if you're in good standing, regardless of your manager's preference... but there could be long-term fallout if you move without that blessing. The high hiring bar means you usually work with very capable people.
- Salary & compensation - Working with dedicated and bright leaders - A great company to provide exposure to leadership and business operation - Ability to manage large scale projects & large teams - Promotion potential is unlimited - You are immediately trusted and depended on, even if you start without street credit experience - High intensity pace is there for those who prefer it
I would like expecting with friend will be support with job make good for company.
Good benefits. Nice stock grants if you're in with your boss.
Good company very safety oriented
Lots of good people trying to do a good job
Hard work and a good work ethic go a long way. The company is structured to allow associates to grow and develop. The business model is sound and allows for a safe, productive atmosphere. Management is quick to help associates develop and grow within the company. The company is stable and provides stock options, retirement, education assistance and all types of insurance.
You will work hard, and see the results of your work. Good benefits.
amazon is thriving so there are lots of opportunities for future career development and their benefits are okay.
It was an Innovative culture with opportunities for Growth within the organization, if you dedicate a number of hours for the company
pay is good. time goes by fas and training was very good.
-Amazon has its hands into everything and this goes for all its business units. Whatever your profession or career level, you will become experienced with all facets of your job.  -Great compensation package but also known as "Golden Handcuffs".  -You are given a lot of responsibility and control over your department. You have a big impact wherever you are.
You're rewarded for delivering high quality products.
You'll do the best work of your life.
Innovative Company Ability to be bias for action Compensation/Benefits
This is a fun job for those who enjoy challenges and who enjoy learning new things all the time. Our environment is evolving and growing rapidly. There is allot opportunity to develop and most everyone on each of the teams we deal with is willing to share their knowledge and provide insight for any questions you may ask. There is allot of friendly competition but no real issue with people trying to step over each other to get ahead. People here are expected to be skilled and motivated enough to do their jobs without needing too much direction or supervision. Most lower level management have a very hands off approach as long as employees are performing well on their own.
Open culture, autonomy and a lot of learning
Great benefits( insurance, voluntary time off, paid time off,stock option, variable compensation pay) Lots of work and opportunity Great environment for a go getter. Company promotes within to those who seek it. A standard vision from top to bottom
- Autonomy over your projects: you get to decide how to go about doing your job without micromanagement - Coworkers are smart and driven, and for the most part willing/able to help. - Central downtown location very convenient to commute to/from. - Compensation is above industry standard.
Work and home - paid training
Awesome benefits Monthly payouts based on site you work Stocks Safety is always priority
Very well structured interview process
- Fast paced work, - great opportunity to learn technology for someone starting their career - used to be (pre-2011) a large company with a statrup mentality and culture  In my seven years with the company, I have learnt probably 11-12 years worth of stuff. The company moves at a cut throat pace and if you keep up and stay enthusiastic to learn and grow along, its a great experience in terms of how much knowledge you acquire on wide array of technologies (backend service, web UI, systems and infrastructure, android/mobile, AWS/Cloud.. you name it.. they got it all)
Great benefits and culture are good.
The benefits are good but the work-life balance is not understood by management, the work environment is set up as open space not cubicals to work in, causing complaints about noise disturbing other employees.
Employees are encouraged to take full ownership of roles and responsibilities. Project work can be interesting. The place is filled with intelligent, motivated people.
Good quality Work. Smart people to work with
Customer focused company with strong, principled culture.
I enjoy the four day work week ( when there is no mandatory overtime ) Easy work Decent pay for this type of work
Fast paced development and release of products and features. It has 'It's the proposal and not the proposer' culture.
Company offers plenty of opportunity
hardworking people, great colleague, nice working environment
life work balance, smart ppl
The only pro in my opinion is the pay versus the same kind of job at other companies. Hourly you can make 2-7 dollars more than the same job at another warehouse job not even being management. Also 3 days off a week.
Amazon is fine, very customer obsessed
Lots of great training and tons of advancement opportunities. Work with you to set goals and take your career where you want to go.
Great medical benefits. great community of people.
Leverage when dealing with publishers
monetary compensation (base salary, stock options, quarterly bonuses, sign on and retention bonuses) benefits (fairly generous time off, cheap health plans) company reputation 10% employee discount ability to transfer after 12 months in a position
Its a very stress free environment. managers worked with you one on one.
great opportunities, good work life balance, great people to work with, resources.
good experience with steep learning curve reasonable pay hard work and dedication is rewarded
Work from home Customer Service... oh I received a free sweatshirt worth $20 with the amazon logo on the front. I almost feel like giving it back.
Amazon is a great company to work for. They are super easy to talk with and provide all the necessary information you need to be successful.
The opportunity to solve cutting edge problems with incredibly intelligent people. Rapid growth and innovation means there is never a dull moment, and you can rise extremely quickly if you have the chops and are willing to put in the work. The company encourages frequent cross-functional rotations, so you can gain a diverse skill quickly. The matrix environment allows employees to gain a technical, diverse skill-set that is applicable to most tech companies. By far the most exciting place I have ever worked.
treated fair, great benefits, excellent pay
The environment was pretty diverse, therefore all the other employee's were welcoming.
Fun work, never bored, fast pace
If you do get paid the right amount its good pay.
Good coworkers, young atmosphere, good base pay for sales, Amazon provides great name recognition
good pay and nice people to work with. the people are patient with you but should take more time with people who don't have experience with that hard work
Lots of mobility within Teams, Some refreshing ways of doing things (examples include how you make product decisions) Small Teams to enable quick decision making
-Good pay -Decent benefits -Consistent hours -Good life/work balance (never work over 60 hours, and that's a rarity)
Infinite resources for associate to learn and grow within the company. On the corporate side, there is thorough accountability for management doing their job. Innovation drives this company. If you like to think outside the box, you will feel at home.
-Smart people to work with -High hiring bar -Pay is good overall (salaries could be higher compared to what is available in the area) -Opportunity to impact very large scale products/programs -Tons of career opportunities
Good management Plenty of overtime during the holidays Plenty of possibilities for advancement Great work atmosphere
Decent pay and hours.
Decent pay, Lots of exercise, many prizes and incentives to keep you motivated.
it gives you lot of opportunities
You work with some really great engineers on tight schedules that force you to figure out the most effective use of your time and the skills of the people you work with.
good comp. but was a temp job fast pace job keeps you moving
Loved working with customers, you always had help when you needed it.
Compensation. Growth opportunity. promotion. innovation.
Being a fresher, I received excellent exposure to technologies and coding standards. Was always encouraged and motivated by the team.
Highly qualified peers and seniors, Very good pay, Good work culture ,Flexible timing
Good program Good people opportunity to grow personally
One of the few companies I've worked for that does more than lip service to the safety of it's employees.
Very smart people work here.
good work excellent learning experience nice enviornmet
Starting pay is 10.5 regardless of warehouse experience. There is the possibility for overtime especially during the holidays. Depending on your job it is good exercise. You get the opportunity to meet a lot of different and interesting people. If you can survive the 'black out' period (seasonal holidays) there is a high possibility of converting to a full time Amazon employee. Once New Year's is over you automatically get ATO (approved time off) through the temp agency ISS (Integrity staffing solutions). ATO allows you to miss work or be late without it counting against you.
Very smart and generally passionate people. Interesting problems. Brilliant and inspiring leaders at the very top.
Starting salary, team, culture, peers
An incredible place to work, friendly people at all levels, a true learning experience, they hire seniors, an excellent exercising work environment
If you read previous reviews you will see several common themes:  1) Interns or junior people with no or limited experience usually write about QUICK LEARNING. Yes, you learn quickly at Amazon, as the amount of work that a regular employee usually gets is 2-4X more than at other more employee-friendly companies. In other words, your learning process is a multiple of workload and time spent at work.  In addition, you will have to catch things quicker because you will OWN your area of responsibilities, which is a good thing… if your previous experience and skillset qualify you to own that. Otherwise, it is usually trial and error learning, while Amazon does not tolerate any errors. In other words, you will learn something, but as soon as you make a mistake you will become HISTORY through the Performance Improvement Process (PIP) process.  The question is why you would not learn at another company at a slower pace with manageable workload and at least some training support instead of self-learning through internal Wikipedia and waiting in long lines to Business Intelligence Office Hours or something similar?  2) Some people write about “GOOD BENEFITS”… If Amazon is the only employer in small town, it is probably true. However, in terms of base compensation it is usually below average. The stock part of the compensation is deceptive, given that the average employee retention period is now less than a year and you will need to work several years to fully vest that amount. Even if you literally survive at Amazon all those years, the amount of stock is still below the cumulative amount of annual bonuses that you can earn at other companies that require to work 60-100 hours per week (e.g. investment banking and management consulting). There are NO other perks, because of the frugality principal.  3) Some people also say hat it is good to have Amazon BRAND on their resume. Many people who have never heard stories of their friends and relatives working at Amazon believe that the company is as good to its employees as it is to its customers. Customer obsession is what drives recognition and appreciation of Amazon’s brand. However, whenever I speak with random people in Seattle, all of them tell me the same thing: “Amazon is the least popular employer in the area. It is famous for making its employees overwork and for its high turnover”. If you get an offer or you are in Seattle area for your interviews, go to a local grocery store or a coffee place and ask people there what they think about Amazon. I wish I did the same due diligence when I came to Seattle for my interviews.  4) INNOVATIVE projects are something that some people also mentioned in previous reviews. Amazon is a laggard that usually does reverse engineering of consumer products that other more innovative companies pioneer. The “innovation” part is how to make those products cheaper by using cheaper materials or reducing functionality.  5) All those SMART, type A personality people at Amazon is definitely a “bundle of joy”, in particular, when it comes of scarce promotion openings. The value proposition of working with smart people is not to compete with them, but to learn from them. You will unlikely have a chance to have a mentor or have decent team work to learn from your peers as Amazon culture is very individualistic, mainly, due to the ownership principle.
Compensation is extremely lucrative.
Amazon is a cool place to work. Amazon prides itself of being obsessed with customer service and being data driven. This clarifies the decision making process for all employees at all levels and enables individuals to make decisions in the best interest of the customer. Amazon gives large responsibilities to all employees regardless of tenure/role in the hopes that the best ideas are driven forward.
Competitive pay, great benifts, stock options monthly bonuses, transfer options Amazon.com promotes a diverse and unique atmosphere they offer options to move around through out departments as well as transfers available nation wide.
Work with smart people Forefront of technology Fast growth, iterative development Good compensation Flexible work schedule
Nice environment,easy to work, no work pressure
You will learn a lot, be given ownership over your projects, work with great people, and accomplish things relatively quickly
Great Benefits with Stock, 401k, Prizes around christmas time with great attendance, and you get to meet a lot of different characters working at this business.
good benefits you have to get good benefits because everything else at amazon is terrible!! They use you til you top out in pay and then give you a boat load of reasons why you can't make it to the next level
Not too bad for part time work
-Weekly pay -Opportunities for overtime (although mandatory during peak season) -Co-workers and immediate supervisors were friendly (for the most part)
You get to work with the smartest people in the industry. Everyone is degree'd which may or may not be a "Con" too.
Great company seems to value the staff
The ambience, the people (colleagues) and the brand value.
Good things about this you get paid pretty good and a very basic easy job it's like grocery shopping
The pay and benefits are good, especially if you are young and are not looking for something long-term. I met great people working there, and management was pretty efficient. If you like to work with a diverse group of people, and stay on your feet 9-10 hours out the stay, it's a really good experience.
Fun and challenging work with smart people
- High visibility on resume - Work is interesting and fast paced - Extremely customer focused - Usually can hold others accountable for their work
Amazon is an amazing place to work in that you get to work with very smart people on awesome problems. You have the chance to be a part of history as the company continues to grow into the 21st century. If you rock and end up in the right group, there is awesome opportunity.
Amazing place to work and benefits are great! This company is up to modern day and it shows everyday I step foot into the building.
Very smart people, data-driven culture
I would recommend, but with strong hesitancy:  -Straight out of college I made $50k with no experience in Human Resources. Heck, my degree was in liberal arts. Very few of my peers could say the same.  -If you want to see different places, Amazon has a lot of different locations around the US and transfers are pretty commonplace.  -You will meet enthusiastic, intelligent people who you will learn to love like family.  -You will grow an incredible amount professionally, I do appreciate what Amazon did for me professionally. I went from a Sr. Human Resource Assistant position at Amazon to a Human Resources Manager position at another company after my stay with Amazon.
Good program. Lots of opportunities.
Ability to participate in community actions like updating build tools to work with new languages. It is easy to get help from another team especially if you are good about networking. The leadership model is open to doing things differently. Builder Tools makes some really nice stuff.
The diversity of programming languages and technologies that you can use are nice. You definitely can't get bored if you love to learn and like new challenges.
Great people, if your a hard worker you'll def. get notice by management and that helps if you want to move forward in the company.
Easy work, decent starting pay. Managers are top notch.
Emphasis on executing quickly. Vocally self-critical, not afraid to challenge the status quo. People are generally passionate about their work. Good stock bonuses.
It's a job with benefits
honest, reliable, self motivated, team player, positive person, like new challenges, fast learner, strong sense about safety rules, working in continuous improvements activities and always willing to learn and explorer new goals.
Access to great tools and information, surrounded by (generally) very smart people, industry-leading practices
Best place for learning and growing in your career..
Technologically current. Management listens. Work with people who are outstanding in there field. Great food trucks in the area.
A very friendly environment to work, casual dressing code, very cool workmates, an efficient ticketing system
Office culture is very good. As a fresher, there is lot of opportunity to learn and show your talent. Salary and benefits are good enough
It is ok to work there.
Great work schedule. Pay is pretty good. Able to take time off when you feel like it. Raise every 6 months For the first 3 years.
Innovate and Simplify, high on deliver results,
good benefits and good pay
High motivation employees, very good control over development process even from SDE1 role, fast development cycle for a large company.
breaks, training, free Gatorade/ snacks, competitions
Steady work schedule is a pro with only working 4 ten hour days a week. Overtime is available most weeks if you want to work it
Work is easy and repetitive. Free refreshments. Sometimes give out free food. $10.50/hr for fulfillment employees. Good people to work with.
I enjoyed working in a fast paced, loud, gigantic space. I enjoyed working in groups as a team. I enjoyed how we had team meeting every morning to help motivate and encourage us to reach our goals.
Awesome coworkers, really felt a part of a team. Loved going to work
It give you the opportunity lo develop a lot of problem solve skills and experience with the vendors and vendor support.
Concerned about employee welfare, great hours, work from home.
I interned at Amazon for 12 weeks and found the work culture awesome. Many people are willing to help you. A lot to learn.
Good benefits and projected company growth
OK starting salary Ideas for improvement encouraged Individuals can really impact operations
Incredibly smart peers and senior leadership, huge customer impact (varies depending on your team), and industry-leading technology. Things move really fast and if you can keep pace, it offers a lot of personal growth and—to use Amazon terms—bar-raising opportunities.
You have a lot of agency. If you can justify why something needs to happen and how much it will cost to make it happen you can affect change at the company.
Very fast paced environment. Lots of challenges to meet. Great management team.
Work from home. Company is awesome. Great employers. Most fun I've ever had!
You will be always busy and learn new areas. There are no significant boundary. The code base are open. You can access most of the company's code.
- The emphasis on being agile like a startup provides a great learning experience for junior developers - Amazon being involved in so many space you can usually find a job in a domain of your choice - Many teams are intentionally small which allows you to play a bigger role and be more productive
Challenging work and very quick to change.
Very intelligent people who work here and have a lot on their plate. Everyone is always busy and if you wanted to, you could work for 24 hours a day.
- 4 day week - Growth opprtunities
Decent pay and good benefits
The company is famous and will probably help you in getting your next job.
4 hour days...Too many spanish speaking individuals that did not understand english
The pay is good. You meet a lot of people. There is always something to do or learn. There are plenty of shift days/times. You will definitely get some type of workout.
Good pay, awesome team of mostly former bankers or ex-big4
Greate poeple and challenging tasks
-smart coworkers -decent pay and location -always learning something new
Good pay, plenty of hours, and easy to get promoted.
compensation is really good leadership principles
The opportunities are possible and endless
PTO, vacation time, health insurance, 401k, organized workplace, clean warehouse
Good wages, fun teams, nice atmosphere
If it's the only one you can find!
There was a lot to like. The work is interesting, there's a lot of smart people, and I learned a LOT. If this is your first job out of college and you want to work a LOT, then great. If you have a family, don't work here.
Benefits Career choice program Open communication
Very structured environment good benefits reasonable hours opportunity for overtime (mostly in peak season)
The only really nice thing I can say about Amazon is that it's truly a global company where you get to work with very smart people from all over the world.
-Amazon reviews the code that is submitted to production, so you have an opportunity to grow as a developer. -My work environment is very conducive to collaboration and constant feedback -I can write code that is handling Amazon.com production traffic within a week or two. I feel like what I'm doing is actually useful. -My team has a very high standard for unit tests and other testing strategies, which in turn help you write better code. -Very flexible work hours. You can come in at 6 and leave at 2 or you can come in at 11 and leave at 7. You can work extra on some days to get an hour or two off on other days. Basically get your work done is the only standard, which makes me a lot more likely to work well. -My team has a large diversity - five nationalities, both genders. -Cereal for our floor is a plus!
Learn a lot, get good experience in your field, work with some cool people.
Benefits, discounts, pay, opportunities for advancement
Great company to get experience in a fast paced operational environment. Quickly growing company with tons of opportunities for getting promoted.
Good pay and benefits package
lots of opportunity with ownership, ability to try a number of different roles, transparent communciation
None everything about this place sucks.
New "team" mentality which is different from other Amazon locations. I was in the startup team and it was great because we got to all learn together and work out the bugs of a new facility start up. Plus, it had the KIVA system which I loved working with. Benefits are awesome!
Very competitive compensation Excellent upward mobility options
I worked here because there were no other jobs available for me in my area. I got a great friend, she is the best in world. Never heard any like her before.
Flexible hours and easy job
A lot of smart people so one could learn a lot A lot of different projects on different platforms
Peaceful workplace, great people and descent pay.
Decent pay and hours for warehouse work. They have a lot of perks around holidays and such.
Great management and fun co-workers throughout the organization. At least for me, great work-life balance.
1) high pace, 2) availability of resources, 3) plenty of chance to manage projects
Steady paycheck is convenient for one who is looking for it. This position is good for someone who is looking for a intro level job and doesn't mind to work monotonous 10 hour days.
While working at amazon as a contractor, I learned a lot about their servers. Amazon also had lots of bonuses for their employees.
Endless opportunities for growth. Tremendous upward mobility.
1. Startup like work, with teams owning operational and development tasks 2. Project completion rate is high 3. Get to work with the best engineers
Easy to start, automated systems
This is for the distribution center. My experience wasn't horrible. The management that I dealt with personally were decent for the most part, when they bothered to remember me.
good work was found out
Open culture, intelligent people, principled
Can be good to work on products that have such a huge customer base. Despite being such a big company, a lot of the teams are still relatively small.
Technical challenges, deep technical domain expertise, great learning experience.
It was an amazing learning experience and the impact of being surrounded by so many smart people is outstanding.
+Learn an insane amount in a short period of time - feel like I crammed 2 years of education into a few months +There are a small number of awesome and nice people here +Dogs make everything better. +People outside of the company respect that you worked there, so it can be a good stepping stone
leadership is great at my building. starting pay is competitive
benefits(Medical,Dental,Vision) , (48hrs)personal paid time off a year,1 week vacation, also 2 weeks unpaid time a year from day 1. they also pay tuition for schooling after 1 year of service. Yes I do see a future and career.
Payment is not so bad.
Highly technical environment filled with smart and nice people
New tech, good for career. Many people worked here got the chance to other companies such as Google and Facebook.
Definite leaders in customer satisfaction. Amazon has even surpassed Disney. If you are an Amazon customer, you can bear witness of this.  Several opportunities and groups. People can make lateral moves with support from their superiors. Interesting approach of conducting meetings with no Power Point presentations, but rather having everyone spend 15 minutes reading a 6 page document, then everyone having a very productive 45 minute discussion.  Purchases made at Amazon can be delivered at lockers under your building, which is very convenient. No employee discounts, though.  Orca card can be useful, as parking is limited and super expensive in South Lake Union and downtown Seattle.  Best interview experience in the sense that it was quick, very well organized and recruiter kept me very well informed from beginning to end (very hard interviews, though).
Amazon overall is a great place to work for! The benefits packages are exceptional. I have worked for several Fortune 500 companies and my health benefits are by far some of the best. I am pleased with the compensation packages and how they have progressed yearly as well. It is a fast paced work environment where creativity and hard work are rewarded, which I deeply appreciate. It is a great place to learn and grow your skills in an environment full of well-qualified leaders.
Employees are intelligent and committed and you will get to learn a lot from them. The compensation is good. You will be judged fairly, based on your performance.
Smart people, interesting problems, good work environment
Good pay, benefits, hours.
Easy work, tolerable pay, nice people
Innovative business model, exciting and enthusiastic managers. Opportunity for promotion (for the right people). Strong returns for 401k investment, stock sharing program
Easy to move up in the company, great people if you have a good team working with you. Benefits were good even give you restricted stocks every year.
Ok pay, decent benefits after hired by Amazon
Year 1: 90k base salary, 25k bonus, 10k relocation pay.  Year 2-4: 90k base salary (barring a raise), mix of bonus/stock to average out at ~110k yearly compensation.  Healthcare is good, dental is good. Money is decent for the seattle area. Not outrageously good and not bad.  I work ~40 hours a week and am happy with my work-life balance, but I can definitely see how there is potential for a horrible time. Everything is so team dependent here.  I'd advise any potential hires to take this job if it's the best offer you have, but if you're stuck with a bad team/management, find a new job asap.
good company with lot to learn,amazing peaks ,salary is also good. really enjoyed working in this company
pay every week, overtime and work hours
* The startup mentality at Amazon gives you the opportunities that you can never expect at other organization *They want to see if you will sink or swim *Independent work atmosphere
Everyone is encouraged to be (and is) customer focused. Willing to try new businesses, even if the opportunity is/looks small at first. Great pay, mostly because the stock price has been going up so fast.
Positive and friendly work environment.
- A lot of interesting projects - Proposed compensation was well above that I expected - I've got my green card in 2 years after first day - Great CEO with very ambitious plans
Working four days and having three days off. Like working the overtime during Peak time.
Expectation is that all your waking hours will be spent working. You don't have to think about any other nagging life issues.
Data driven decisions, no politics. Merit rules. Everyone loves by leadership principles. Once you get set, there is no better place to work.
not really very many pros working for them anymore. they have good benefits but monthly bonus and give aways and discount has dropped.
I can only speak to AWS rather than Amazon as a whole. And one's experience at a company is at least 50% determined by the quality of their direct manager. So YMMV, but in my experience you will become better at whatever you do.  Amazon Web Services is a hard place to work and is not for everyone. But it does have massive opportunities for those who want to grow. We do work hard. If you want a strict 9:00-5:00 job that doesn’t involve being oncall then AWS is not the place for you. But if you are an engineer (or manager) who wants to grow, wants to know how to code and own a system handling a significant percent of the world’s internet traffic, and work in an environment where you are surrounded by incredibly smart people who will challenge you beyond what you thought you were capable of, then you should be interviewing at AWS.
So far so good. Amazon in Ruskin, FL is a new concept compared to others.
Amazon has been a good place to work overall. Company growth is outstanding and it is great to be a part of some groundbreaking initiatives. The pay is fair and I like the compensation structure. Once you are an employee it is easy to get visibility and move into other positions if you want to take your career to a different field.
Great opportunity once you are promoted. Fast paced environment with lots of intelligent leaders.
Amazon is a great place and company to work for as long as you work under certain AREA MANAGERS. Great pay but you do have to work for it because again it's not an easy job and anyone can tell you that. We get a monthly bonus(vcp) which is based off attendance and performance. We get a discount at 10% which is better than nothing. They offer a career program were they will pay for a certification or degree up to $3,000 for 2 years which again is better than nothing. I love working for Amazon overall because the benefits, pay and monthly vcp we receive.
Technology, team work, fast pace, better for fresh graudate to get experience
fast paced environment where you feel like you are working on all cylinders. surrounded by hard workers who give you the push to be better at the things you contribute.
Great company to work at as a young professional looking to gain experience in a demanding, high responsibility position.
Good pay and bonus to start
You get a lot of experience quickly
-Generous time off benefits including Vacation, Paid Time Off, unpaid time off, paid holidays -Small employee discount on items sold by Amazon (10% off on the first $1000, after that nothing) -Several medical/dental benefit options -Guaranteed minimum hours of pay each week (18 hours) -Good pay compared to similar positions at other companies.
Great Training,great management team ,and well organized. Also great perks even for seasonal employees.
Challenging problem space, some execs are not complete morons.
Nice working with a diverse, international team
- Some of the smartest people in the Industry work here. So get to learn a lot
There is absolutely no reason what so ever to work for this company. See the cons section for more details.
Exposure to operations was fast and furious with the peek season
Innovation, Bias For Action, Ability to Influence and Develop Manager, Engaging Associates
The work at times was quite enjoyable. Helping associates with "real" injuries can be very rewarding.
Great benefits, only 4 days a week, opportunities for promotions quick interviews
Management cares about employs and have drawings for prizes every week yay
It's easy, mangers always want to hear your take or idea on how to make work better.
Paid every week and decent pay rate...before shift begins and after lunch break you do arobics and stretches, which you're going to need...water fountains located all over facility gifts/giftcards given during holiday seasons
Amazon pays well. You will also learn how to be assertive (aggressive) about your opinions, how to work type-A politics, and how to debug difficult code.
Lots of teams and lots of opportunities
great pay and excellent benifets
Bring A Part of Innovation Recognized Worldwide
No good thing about amazon
Pay, benefits, overtime and good amount of time off.
Felt like I had a lot of real-world impact. My manager was one of few that knew how to treat interns as intelligent people, and gave me quite a bit of flexibility for my project. I'd recommend it in order to grow a career in the future, as I learned a lot.
Making designs and customer experiences that go live and are used by millions of people is an accomplishment that I'm so proud of as a designer. Amazon offers that kind of opportunity. There is also exposure to incredible minds and personalities, and talent that inspires you to raise your game. I met, worked with, learned from, and became lifelong friends with amazing people here. Collaboration opportunities abounded, and ideas for continuous improvement were encouraged, and implemented with supportive data (which you got to research, write/mock up and pitch). What they say about project ownership is true, but you're as responsible for tooting your own horn and creating visibility around your project too. Type-A drivers probably find it easiest to survive here.  In addition to working on meaningful customer experience design projects, I got a great business education. Designers have access to data and as much business and technical specs as they can stomach. There were fun prototyping explorations, and plenty of exposure to customers via a robust and supported usability department.
Big Company with a lot of opportunity
Intelligent co-workers, little bureaucracy, technologically advanced, open-minded atmosphere, results-oriented
I was proud to say that I worked for Amazon. The reputation of company is well earned. I was afforded travel and business opportunities that I had never had. The company has a fun and carefree culture but is also very metric driven. I learned a lot more about the business world, a pleasant surprise.
Salary (if you enter as an engineer, have an MBA, or hired on at manager level), lots of work, and if you're hungry enough - you can eventually achieve whatever professional experiences and goals that you may want. The environment breeds innovation and rewards intelligence.  Training and ramp up time depends on a case by case basis. Established teams will go through longer and more thorough training, whereas new teams with less than a year of creation will have very little ramp up time (the time it takes to learn a new subject matter can't be taken into account until metrics are pulled from guinea pig teams). A smart question to ask when interviewing in: How long has this team been around, what's the hierarchy like, and how many direct reports will my future manager have - this will give you a better idea of how much 1:1 time you'll get with your manager and learning how to navigate your own path at the company (in the positive direction)
Company is growing leaps and bounds and will continue to do so. True visionaries who are changing the way E-commerce is conducted. Great pay and benefits. Everywhere you go, people know Amazon. It is cool to be part of that!
Easy Job, breaks every 2 hours, short shifts, overall great jobs and good hours, plenty of overtime if you want it. Site manager is great.
There are a lot of learning opportunities both in team projects as well as tech talks that happen every week. I would say Amazon Web Services is a school which excel in Distributed Systems.
They provide great training and benefits.
You will work with the smartest people and will learn more than you ever thought possible. Amazon has admirable leadership principles and people actually live by them.
work at home, individual responsibility, short term
Good compensation in initial salary
I absolutely love working in an Amazon Fulfilment Center in Schertz, Tx. I will be sad indeed when seasonal peak is over and they start firing seasonal workers. All of the bosses are wonderful and really contribute to the team feeling you get there. The work is hard but at the end of the day you feel great about yourself.
Exciting, fast-paced environment with several new investments in new areas. Great for people looking to try something new every couple of years
Gain a lot of experience amongst some very smart people and top performers within the industry with a kind of volume of production that would be 10 times what any other company would be handling.
Pay for hourly associates is fair, and the insurance is good. The work is easy as long as you are motivated to work with opportunities to increase your experience with technical aspects of the job.
- Smart, if socially awkward/challenged colleagues - Great to have on your resume. - Brutal culture of unofficial but very much alive stacked ranking.
Lots of opportunity to move up in the company if you're willing to work hard and show that you care about the company. The benefits are great
Lots of smart people, learn a lot, good opportunities for advancement
steady work especially the holidays
Innovative, fast pace environment with plenty of opportunities to learn
Office is in downtown Toronto
Potential to work on interesting projects.
Good pay and friendly environment
4 day work weeks were good
The work hers were good ands a lot of the there were ok to work with. It had decent insurance and monthly bonuses.
Good pay and friendly environment
You learn a lot in a short time period here, and working 2 years here is pretty much the equivalent in technical and business skills as a masters degree. There are many options to move to once you're in the company, and their ideals for leadership are good ideals. I appreciate the fact that they follow the idea that no matter your level or experience, your opinion will still be heard. It is not often you get rank pulled on you (but it still happens occasionally).
pay was only about $11.00 an hour, so absolutely no pros
Lots of money without requiring a degree, never cuts hours.
Pay good for area and easy to get.
Well run company. Learned a ton
Medical benefits does not seem to be too bad (did not use them a lot as I am in good health)
work from home, good pay, fun job,
Like any other associate we are just one step forward. We are consider to be in the Leadership team. Work is hard but is enjoyable when you are with the right people and when people respect you as you respect them. Leadership is awesome and there is great communication between all of them.
Great place to work. People are so nice and helpful, you'll learn a lot. Atmosphere is so good, we hangout after work, work load is not that heavy, but work you do is interesting! Salary and Corporate housing are awesome!
Training was great Very welcoming, team environment Management did seem to care about the employees
Sometimes free food. Free coco and coffee
-Smart people -Fun projects -Attitude of coworkers to work as team, helpful mentality -If you have the right manager, you could go far
Fast-pace, cutting edge technology, the company-wide training and on boarding program is very good for junior dev. The company has a very unique way to do business.
Fast pace, rapid change, high visibility
Fun culture, lots of associate prizes and incentives
- Work on technically challenging problems - working on SOA
I love it it's so fu
Working as an AWS account manager, you are selling some of the most exciting and bleeding edge solutions in IT infrastructure. Prospects are extremely interested in speaking with you and most customers are ones looking to disrupt their respective businesses by going to the cloud. You are forced to stay up to date on the latest products and enhancements. Also, AWS typically pays well given a qualified background.
Interesting Work and affordable products
I love the schedule. I'm currently working weekend days.
They do a good job of tracking metrics. A lot of projects need to be defined better before starting.
Salary, Great learning experience, work with really smart peopl
Smart People Great Technology Solid Brand Name Nice offices Good future Great for all levels of management.
Huge company - Lots of opportunities if you want to change your career path or switch teams  Name recognition - nice to have a big company like Amazon on your resume  Flexible work options - You can work from home without missing too much (team-dependent and job-dependent)  Benefits - The bus pass and 10 percent off discount off of the website are good perks. Health insurance was decent. Kitchenette was available and clean. Some teams/organizations have free food in the kitchens.  Pay - Salary was above average for the area, but still not as much as other big tech companies.
The salary is very competitive compared to many other companies.
Lots of experience that many places will not provide
Fast paced work environment, opportunities to work your way up, and learn new things.
A good job easy to get in
Money is literally the only pro
Lot of challenging tasks. Working around very smart people and learning a lot.
-Good Pay -Good Benefits -Work doesn't come home with you often.
Great company. Lots of intelligent people. Tons of opportunity to work on different products and GTM strategies.
flexibility, stimulation, smart people, high paced environment where you can make decisions and be an actor of the company's growth
You can run your own agenda inside this company, there's a lot of freedom to try new ideas. There's a plethora of technology experts and internal services that enable you to build great things. There are tech talks all the time by senior engineers. If you have your own agenda, this is the place to go.  Amazon has built a great software toolbox for its own internal operations. A lot of tools are aimed at analytics. This is a data-driven company and the toolbox is there to empower this thinking. I really love that aspect of Amazon.  I haven't had any bureaucracy problems here. This is a lean company and logistics are very high-performing. IT support is fast and effective.  In Amazon, there's freedom, and that freedom is backed by the leadership principles. You can find them on the company's jobs website. This culture is extremely empowering. They ask you to be a leader, in writing. If you like to do so, you feel backed by the company's culture from the very first day.  The buildings are functional and comfortable. You can bring your dog, and there are kitchenettes in every floor. I like my workplace, it's just right for me.  The office culture looks cold. You don't talk to people unless you need to (including saying hi). This was shocking to me the first days, but now I got used to it and I'm starting to think that it's better to maintain focus.
Amazon has good training systems. The office environment is lay back. Everyone is very friendly and energetic. People are expected to perform at a very high level.
Smart people and good salary for the first two years of employment.
it has a great environment to work with.
pay, benifets, hours, stock, reputation
Great opportunity to learn how to build and ship fast. You will experience customer obsession in every part of product development.
the pay was the best
Lots of smart, dedicated colleagues. Managers treat staff with respect. Great work / life balance. Opportunity to change jobs, roles, position. The firm is dedicated to keeping staff and go out of their way to retain them when relocating.
- Decent pay, good benefits, - Easy to move up into management - First come first serve hiring process - They'll pay for schooling - 401k - stocks
The only pros I can think of are the benefits package, discounts as an employee and the onsite medical facility.
Consecutive 3 day-off schedule, there is always plenty of work, hence O/T opportunities.
The experience / dynamics of working on a team in real life on a real project
Pay Benefits People - high hiring bar
Great benefits, great management, advancement opportunity, clean environment especially for a warehouse, great people to work with
Good infrastructure and support from management.
Total comp is good
Working on something tangible, something you can explain to friends, family, strangers (e.g., shopping)  Opportunity for big impact  Customer centrism in company's blood
They work with you on shift/hours, they understand life happens.
Grade-A talent - by far the smartest people I've ever worked with. Engineering is on par with Microsoft, Google, and Facebook Product recognition - Everyone knows Amazon.
Good health benefits, that's all.
A lot of project, code and product diversity.
smart people, flexible hours, best cloud infrastructure in the world. Overall very talented people working with each other, especially AWS has some of the best calibers in the industry.
competitive environment. People are very helpful
Starting pay is pretty good, with raises every 6 months and a bonus every month. You can sign up for health insurance that's pretty nice.
There are plenty of bright and customer-focused people at Amazon that are generally willing to help people new in their career to learn and evolve. There's also a lot of infrastructure in place to enforce good development practices, e.g. stringent code coverage standards.
Smart people around you, lots of things to learn.
Salary and monthly bonuses for an entry level warehouse/fulfillment associate is top of the line and unbeatable, all you really have to do is show up and do your job. The ability to enroll in full benefits (medical, dental vision, 401(k) and more) on day 1 is awesome! That's unheard of with mostly all companies.
- Lots of opportunity to own your projects and deliver - Learn how to navigate and deal with politics :) - Great salary - Great name on the resume - Great cultural values that apply to anywhere you work after Amazon (except for the frugality part)
Ability to drive a big idea to fruition and be part of one of the most innovative, fast-paced companies on earth. Amazon is best suited for highly motivated and unencumbered folks who want to pour everything they have into their work and career. You are your own biggest obstacle in how much you can accomplish. The culture is very entrepreneurial and scrappy, so if you thrive on that sort of environment, you may fit in well. Brush up on your writing skills and ditch PowerPoint as a communication tool, it's not used here. Instead, you will hone the craft of pointed business narrative writing, which is a great skill to acquire in any career path.
Great Pay, Network of peers offered support and knowledge.
It is a good place to work as you learn so much on everyday basis
- pretty decent work life - smart co workers - collaborative environment
Amazon has many opportunities for promotion within your home site and by relocation. Everyone is new at Amazon so you do not have to deal with seniority issues.
work with smart people casual dress nice downtown location transit and parking subsidies
The culture at Amazon is actually really great. Yes, it is tough and they expect a lot from you. Not type-A? May not be a good fit. But, it cultivates an environment where people work hard, collaborate, drive for success, and expect the best of themselves and each other. It's really awesome. Career potential is limitless.
Stock prices have been strong for the last couple years.
Very smart and driven people, who live their values. They are customer focused, have deep understandings of their business, customers, technology and long-term vision. This is a great company for people who want to build things and challenge the status quo.  Leadership is transparent. I clearly understand the company strategy and how I can contribute to it.
The company offers fairly competitive compensation packages, lots of perks, a great environment in which you can learn and grow. Amazon's one of the few companies where a determined employee can really put in the effort, rise up and make a difference IF you're willing to go the distance.  Amazon's pretty lenient on sick days or unexpected events, and works with you. Never had an issue calling out or needing to leave early (for the most part). You can learn a lot, move within the company and they have fairly good benefits package (don't expect an employee discount though, it's pretty much non-existent).
money, technology, projects, extremely intelligent people. This list can go on. You sink or swim, this aspect is a pro.
Very easy to move up if you are motivated. BIG on safety which is a huge plus. Very fun environment to work in the days go by so quick! Great benefits.
The biggest pro for me is the smart, driven coworkers who are passionate about what they're doing. The people on my team are dependable and truly care about their customers, and it's refreshing after previous occupations with people who lazed through the day.
Truly an amazing and innovative place to work. I have had nothing short of joy working with my team and the highly scalable tools that the infrastructure provides. It can be quite the load of work at times, but you are always encouraged to automate and innovate--even when that means tearing out the old stuff you don't like. The whole world is your playground here.
I think only pro is health benefits.
The only positive I can give it is the people I work with as most are great and I have only had issues with people that did not last long or "are in good with the higher up"
If you negotiate well, they'll throw money at you to bring in you in. Cause their reputation is so bad no one wants to come here. You'll see how's being in pressure cooker and how to survive if you're amongst sharks ready to bite you every single day. People come to work with a mental sword and shield to survive everyday. Company is full of internationals so you'll get diversity, poor guys come here with the carrot of immigration support and then are exploited, hope the department of labor reads this. If they were no tied with visa 80% of internationals I know would have left yesterday.
Major initiatives that can change the marketplace, a great deal of focus on what's best for the customer, top notch engineering and product teams. Lots of resources from across Amazon are available to you if you have a reasonable project. Amazon culture is to stick with a product and make it better and better at every rev, so there is lots of product stability and focus.
Never a problem getting hours. Great benefits, understanding managers, although their hands are tied in most cases as far as production rates go.
Money, however you get paid only once a month
Learn from and with the best, grow thick skin and game-changing growth experience. Very well paid, great benefits, opportunity to move laterally, just upwards is near impossible. Employees live the company values, sometimes to a fault.
They pay considerably well. You can learn A LOT. Most people working at Amazon are nice and fun to work with, but managent creates a very stressful environment.
I like my team and the people I work with. I do like the daily job/what I do. Location is exciting (South Lake Union). A lot of opportunity to grow and take on more. If you work hard and do well, there's more opportunity to move up compared to more traditional companies.
A strong data driven culture. Employees are customer focused and intelligent.
- Good brand - Products get to your doorstep as promised
Fast growing company with a chance to make history. Lots of pockets of innovation but do the due diligence before hand to ensure that you land up with the right role. Especially true for MBA hires. Make sure you spend the time upfront to select your top three teams and make sure that you land with one of them
great benefits, good pay, exciting place to work
Full timers get great benefits
After being hired, we all went through a month long training course before put on the floor. The company offers excellent benefits and many other company perks.
people are friendly and helpful
Laid back atmosphere and dress code. Nice break room and facility. Discounts from amazon as well as other companies like AT&T. Room to advance or try new things.
Everything in the sort center that i work with run so smooth.
Being an on-campus brand ambassador for Amazon Student pushed me out of my comfort zone to engage with the campus in a way I haven't before.
Work with really good people Good pay Impact lots of customers Work with the edge of technology
Working for an innovative company. Peers are smart and great to work with
learning a lot. there are a lot of things that can be improved, so it is a challenge/opportunity.
Ok training. Another reviewer said that 1 year at amazon is like 2 years anywhere else, I couldn't agree more. Very challenging and lots of new concepts to constantly master. Decent pay and benefits. Definitely the smartest group I've ever worked with.
Awesome work. Great technologies, awesome coding experience and agile methodologies. Get to work on projects which have direct impact on the website, you can actually see the code being executed, especially when your code helps the company during Thanksgiving and Christmas.
Good money compensation and profit sharing
Easy hire, on the spot interviews, started the next day after my interview. Pay is above $9. 11 hourly
1. on an avg,you will find quite a few smart people around you ( depends on the team) 2. lots of learning opportunities. 3. can easily switch teams within Amazon.com. you can pick teams working on your area of interest or choose one to learn a completely new problem space/technology.
It was employment. That is all I can really say about.
NIce starting wage and training
Ownership Independence Drive your own way Smart people
Best place for learning, strongly recommend to the people who wanted to learn design and implementation of system.
I liked working nights and enjoyed my time there as short as it was. July 2014 until November 2014.
If your able to get in throu amazon the pay is coo but most likely smx will be the one to hire you
1.project ownership 2. learn a lot within a short period of time
To some it may sound good. Until you hear the "they are just the Walmart for online shopping." There's little to hang your hat on. The initiatives get watered down, but at least there are initiatives.
Publicly traded corporation. Billions in assets. Okay, in other words it's a stable company, you can say you have a secure job. Easy to get into. I recommend waiting when they have a direct hire event to get in direct with Amazon and not thru an agency. You get all the good benefits, health, dental, vision, life, 401k, restricted stock units, pto, vacation, unpaid, discounts etc. all on the first day of employment when direct hire. The fulfillment center is high tech, well ventilated and water stations are plenty to keep hydrated during job. Not much micro managing. HR is easily accessible as they are on the floor. Nice cafeteria style lunch rooms with variable lunch options if you want to buy. Scattered bathrooms thought center as well. What else.. Oh and plenty of free parking.
- Lots of learning opportunities with wide range of technologies being used - Good pay and benefits - Management cares for personal growth and career development
Company values, company culture. The only reason not to advance at amazon is because you do not want to.
The benefits are great and there are great opportunities to advance to further your career. Within my two years of working I was became an onsite staffing agency coach. After getting hired on the company I became a Problem Solver, Process Guide and even became a Seasonal PA guaranteed to be a full time tier 3 PA. All of which has help in my supervisory skills. Holiday hours are great, so seasonal work there is great.
Love it good company great pay
Pay and Benefits are good but not great. Managers and supervisors in my area know my name and are friendly. Workplace is pleasant and welcoming. Everything needed to complete work is available.
They have a very high hiring bar, so you will be surrounded by very sharp and motivated people. There is a 'can-do' spirit everywhere. Extremely fast paced. Culture of getting things done. Lots of opportunities available within the company if yo want to switch.
Working as a system engineer I enjoy freedom of choice of the tools for the projects. The peers are very smart and helpful. All the decisions are pretty quick and reasonable.
- Smart people - Interesting projects - Startup atmosphere - Fun environment - Cool culture
Working at Amazon gives you the ability to learn and to interact with incredibly smart people. There is no shortage of interesting projects or initiatives. Good place to develop writing skills.
Freedom to drive your career, large problems to solve, phenomenal leadership principles.
Smart people around you and you have a lot of chance to learn and network with MBA
Mindless work. A good job if you enjoy being active.
You'll learn how the corporate world works. The hard way.
The benefits are outstanding compared to other industries. Plenty of time off is alotted with vacation, paid time off, and a four day work week.
Amazon will make stronger, tougher and more calloused in your professional life. If you can make it at Amazon, you can make it most other places.
- Signing bonus - Decent benefits - Great location - Opportunity to transfer within company
It is a fast paced work environment. Provides a lot of opportunity of lateral and upward mobility. Great for individuals trying to make a career transition into start-ups.
Very nice people and management. Very nice facilities offered for the employees. Big break room loaded with TV's and microwaves and fridges to store your lunch.
Good pay and great benefits.
decent pay but no pay raises.
Center just launched, everyone's been great to work with, nice tips and advice on how to move up
Lot of new learnings Some of the industry best engineers Web scale
Easy interview process, simple personal computer navigation related assessment, excellent online training, lots of perks (free gifts, incentives).
Smart people, lots of internal job opening, you can transfer once every year.
Was given the opportunity to own large and impactful projects, and fully trusted to implement.
There are worse things you can do with a B.A. and knowlege of a foreign language. If you're analytical and you like researching and solving problems, this might work out well for you.  Some teams of investigators are doing interesting and engaging work. But be aware that other teams are slogging through task after boring task. You want to find out before you start what the work will really entail and particularly how many tasks you will be required to do per hour. In general, the higher the number of investigations per hour, the more routine the work is.  Colleagues are generally smart and friendly.  Overtime is usually available if you want it.  Start times are flexible, so you can come in earlier if you're an early riser or later if you're a late riser.  If you don't like how things are going, just wait 5 minutes and it will change. The change may or may not be an improvement, but it will be different.
Focus on employee happiness, good starting wages, referral bonuses
Steady pay.  Meeting great people.  It's a good workout.  You get to see the other side of the online retail industry.
The best reason to work at Amazon because its fun to work then and you working with people that care about you and they pay good
New warehouse, lots of good jobs, everyone seems to like it
- Never boring, always learning - In-city location means you aren't forced to live in the God-forsaken suburbs - Noone will find your path for you, emphasis on ownership and personal responsibility (this could be a con if you're lazy) - High hiring bar means you're surrounded by people smarter than you
Individuality, you can actually own the projects you are working on from start to finish. Management actually listens to my ideas and I get to run with them. Lovely buildings and area in Downtown Seattle. Love the company philosophies and my quality of life is so much better here. Old company I worked 50-60 hours every week for almost 4 years. Bring your dog to work here...what??? So awesome.
Massive amounts of data Autonomy Nice location
Smart people, Training, Experience, Network
Good starting pay. You also work 4 ten hr shifts
Based on the team, Amazon really pushes you hard to improve on your soft skills and other leadership qualities
Large company with a lot of opportunities. Good mobility and good on your resume.
A place to work with it's encouraged to think big, dive deep, and work with very smart people.
They mostly asked generic questions about past experience. Some interviewers were not clear in their wordings. One poker faced guy asked some tech questions.
Company that lets builders build new process. Not restricted to doing he same things day in and out. Great company culture and environment.
Working with newer technologies, working on products that are relevant to customers, good work and life balance, great area to live and have a family.
Unique approach to online retailing using multiple competing teams to achieve components of an initiative Pays well
Supervisor was really caring Met friendly people
- Great quality of work (esp. within AWS) - Surrounded by very smart engineers - Management is very receptive to ideas and feedback - Super customer obsessed - Strong company culture. People really believe in company's core values which makes for an inspired work environment - Highly data driven company - No politics BS
Very smart group. You'll learn a lot and also contribute/teach plenty.
Rules are clear and it is what it is, Amazon is the place to work hard with a médium salary. Benefits are on average when comparing to the market.
the pay was good especially for someone straight out of high school
Well, the atmosphere is laid-back, and the job is essentially easy. Overall, nice people to work with. For some quick money during the holidays, it wasn't bad. However, they massively downsize again after the holiday season.
Good benefits excellent learning opportunity
Rules are clear and it is what it is, Amazon is the place to work hard with a médium salary. Benefits are on average when comparing to the market.
It pays well for overtime and learning a lot of the functions that the other departments would only teach one section too new employees, such as picking/stowing/receiving/water-spider functions. It's a great learning experience.
The actual employees at Amazon are AWESOME, and that's where the pros stop.
They hire people who cannot not get a job anywhere else and they treat them like under developed people. They talk down the employees. Majority of the warehouse workers are not college educated and non-professional. The Coppell Texas Amazon Management, treat the hourly employees like work horses.
Great ability to own and deliver.
Great place to grow Opportunity for younger people Motivated and smart people Fast paced Located in a great city
This is a place to get experience fast. Hiring process is excellent. Lots of smart people. Reasonable leadership principles.
lots of training and great team members to work with
Amazon has a high variability in talent and the kind of stuff it works on. There are places which are working on old legacy and so-yesterday problems and either re-writing them or deprecating old stuff. Same time there are organizations within Amazon that work on really cutting edge technology. You get to choose where you want to work. The best organizations also attract the best talent and are the most challenging places to work. The other places are not so great in terms of talent, but it may be a good choice if one is interested in working on relatively safe things and/or interested in a career in management. You can get paid well either way you go
Pay is OK Overtime during holidays Promos are there Benefits are ok
Good pay, many opportunities to get involved
Benefits Pay is OK Paid time off
Many areas to grow and learn from very smart people. They have their hands in everything and encourage big ideas. Everyone has the opportunity to make big things happen.
Dynamic, hand on learning, ability to have huge impact
Lot of challenges Technical depth Opportunity work with leaders and enthusiastic folks.
Paid time off, vacation that rolls over, un paid time of 20 hours every 90 days...paid holidays off, demanding of time and pretty cool people to work for.They offer different classes to take to make your experience more fun, you never stop learning. Everyone is very helpful and willing to help associates succeed in growing and promote.
easy to get in to
I love the opportunities available in the fulfillment center. I walk in every day excited to make an impact in my department.
Lots of room for advancement
top company recognition (having amazon on your resume goes far and gets noticed), opportunities to train in seattle, phx, Cincinnati. opportunity to "manage" a team
Work-life balance, personal growth, is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
Looks good on the resume, either to get into other companies later. Some smart people here.
Tons of autonomy, required mastery, and ability to create purpose.
UPT time off policy allows you take off when ever you want. descent healthcare, dental discount and VCP. get a raise every 6 months.
always stayed busy worked hard enjoyed my job. excellent benifits ,paid holidays, vac and other. had on site counselors, and medical teams ,and high security. walking 20 miles a day benefits extra bonus employee discounts
Amazon is a great place to grow your career. You'll work with smart people every day, and can move throughout the company. High-quality work is rewarded, as is delivering results. The company lives and breathes by the leadership principles.
Generally nice people, great management, high energy, day one benefits
Insurance and Benefits are good, if you take the initiative and find them for yourself because no one will tell you all the discounts and benefits you can get as an Amazon employee. The stock options are good, if you can stay long enough to "cash out" any of them. Average length of an amazon career...14 months.
Health care package is great and pay is, as long as you aren't in the IT field.
Benefits are great and people you meet are pretty cool
Medical, dental, vision coverage and working some with unique amazing people.
Surrounded by incredible talent, lots of opportunities to grow, awesome coworkers, lots of knowledge sharing, lots of challenging and creative projects
- Initial Signing Bonus is Good. Most people start of with 30-40k signing bonus that spreads out over two years. Not bad huh. - For software engineers, there are weekly PoA talks, and learning series that will help you improve your knowledge and know what other teams are doing. - Working here looks good on your resume. Although slowly declining, working at amazon is still a big deal, sort of! - Pet friendly, Urban Campus. - Access to world class Principal Engineers.
Training and lots of opportunity for growth, long hours but decent rewards for performers. A great place to hone ones skills.
Not much - work long hard hours and you're viewed as a number, a disposable robot.
Easy to stay on top of modern technologies (if your team is willing to use them). OK pay for the area. Looks good on resume. Opportunities to make a splash (if you have time and energy left)
-Salary -Stock options -High standards to support customer experience  I managed a great team of both new managers and experienced managers. People really have a desire to do well and learn and improve.
If you want to work on a huge distributed system with a lot of independence Amazon is a great place. Every team acts like a small start-up and has a lot of freedom. You will learn very quickly and get a lot of responsibility. There is no bureaucracy or processes which get in your way, so you will be able to decide on your own (with peer guidance) and build quickly. I was amazed every day how complex and challenging things I can do and how much I learned.  If you want to have an interesting job where you can grow and do not mind to work hard you may be willing to accept that Amazon is not perfect. Yes, there are few companies which are equally interesting and have a better culture and perks, but it's much easier to fail interviews there - you know, the prettiest girl in town may be fussy like hell. Not that it's trivial to get to Amazon, but it's for sure easier.  The unique knowledge and experience that you will get in Amazon is priceless and worth all the disadvantages described below. You will not learn distributed systems just from books and Amazon is a perfect place to do it. And there is a chance that you will fall in love with the company and stay there for long. If not, what you learn will significantly increase your chances to get a much better job.
Needed employment to support myself
Plenty of overtime if you are a workaholic - if you have a pulse you can get a job here. Easy to get hired whether it's direct or through integrity staffing.
Despite my low star-rating there were a few perks available when working for the fulfillment center. There is a machine that dispenses terrible but free coffee in some of the break rooms. There is a half-hearted attempt to provide some climate control in the heat of the summer months. The price of health benefits are somewhat reasonable for a single person such as myself. Quite a few vacation days are offered which is wonderful because you'll need every one of them!
At the employee level and lower management, the collaboration and teamwork is there. Brown bag sessions are held, and training sessions are organized by peers.  The insurance plans are top notch with a lot of choices, and cover most services.
Casual environment, no dress code, good pay, some opportunity to work from home (depending on manager)
Lots of things to improve great people to work with and learn from Pushes you to think simple and innovate
Sign on bonus and relocation package are nice. Great experience in managing tough associates.
Great company to work for. They value their customers and employees.
Decent pay for certain positions.
What i have liked the most about working for amazon is, all the technology and mechanics i get to play with. In the facility i work in, we have so many different types of conveyance, it had given me a chance to learn pretty much everything there is to know about how the mechanics work. I had no prior experience coming in the door, i started in production packing, picking, ic/qa etc and was able to land a job in the maintenance shop. I have had a wonderful experience learning and being able to teach others. Learning how to maintain and rebuild sorters and conveyance has given me a great push in the right direction. Also ensures that customers will have top notch experience!! Our benifits are outstanding as well!
Great benefits for blue badge employees. Lots of OT and incentive programs for those who like long days and work weeks. Work/Personal balance does not exist the last quarter of the year.
You are in control of your future. Opportunities are available at Amazon to anyone willing to work to move up in the company. The benefits are good. The salary is average-good. People are friendly. Atmosphere is friendly.
well paid, challenging, intelligent colleagues
Lots of breadth, can get good work, peers are smart.
The culture is a definite pro. Amazon encourages managers to test and implement new ideas and to think big.
Each team is run like a startup. Team gets to decide what technologies can be used, how to design and build their systems.
One can learn new skills and develop an incredible work ethic in the process.
Pay is pretty good and lots of opportunity to learn and move up
In my previous work I often felt like I would walk into a meeting, look around the table, and not feel intellectually challenged. Absolutely not the case at Amazon! I love that I am constantly being challenged to tackle big, difficult business questions and that I always have a seat at the table to provide input on big decisions - despite my relatively junior level. If you get your work done, managers are very flexible on vacation - except around Black Friday/Cyber Monday. Amazon's Leadership Principles are gospel around here and leadership walks the walk around them. Decisions are made in an objective, data-driven way so there's little reason to play politics. No idea is too far outside the box.
They have a good starting hourly wage for young people and the automatic raises are nice as well. It seems lots of the Tier I employees are good workers with good attitudes, definitely made tons of friends here at work. You get the occasional slacker but they tend to not last.  Your health benefits are low cost and provide great coverage.
online assignment: coding is very easy
Rapid advancement, and good benefits. If you work hard managers will cross train you in many different departments which offers more opportunity's for growth within the company.
good infrastructure lot to learn smart guys
flexible shifts friendly staff easy to move up
leadership principles are fully valued in org.
Benefits, VCP, Opportunities to progress
Amazon gives some of the best compensation packages of all the warehouses I have worked for. If you are not working for one of their temporary agencies, you usually get treated with respect.
A good place to work hard.
The projects here are interesting.
Nothing comes before the customer, and you see that in every employee. People at Amazon are proud to work here and proud to share their experiences with others in the industry. Great benefits and stock options and discounts/perks (if you live in Seattle area). Atmosphere is very casual and comfortable. Endless opportunities if you are willing to relocate.
Lightning fast growth, big crazy ideas they aren't afraid to explore and won't punish you for trying, super smart and talented coworkers, always focused on the customer experience and customer satisfaction, quick to correct a customer-focused blunder, shaping the future of everything, be in the middle of a revolutionary company at its peak
Money. That is absolutely the only reason to work at Amazon. With it, they buy your very existence and then thoroughly expect to have it.
Their are many job opportunities within Amazon.com and areas for development in a fast paced highly innovative environment.. Getting it can be difficult.
I learned an amazing amount over the 18 months I worked here. The salary was decent and the view was great!
Great compensation package, great industry leading experience and rapid growth. All of these things make your resume stand out as well as having the opportunity to transfer to a different department or city due to the rapid growth of the company.
A lot of ownership and hands on experience Managers are generally very open and supportive You normally have complex problems so you will never get bored Tons on innovations
The pay is pretty decent. They treat their employees well and give plenty of vacation time/sick days. There is room for advancement as well.
You are rewarded for doing a good job. But prepare disappointed if you expect to be praised for mediocrity.
Good pay, benefits, 3 days off when not on mandatory overtime.
Fast growth means that promotions are common and expected. It's a good place to gain a lot of experience, fast, and get rewarded for it. I am lucky to have a great set of managers, who minimize the (inevitable) bureaucracy and look for our best interests. The workload is very manageable, my team works 40--44 hours a week.  The company is in a dense area of Seattle, so it's very convenient to reach work by mass transit.
Bias for action, you'll never be bored if you're doing things right, easy to move within the company to other roles after one year.
The culture is great, people are smart. The customer really is first all the time.
Provides great benefits, fair wage, and facilitates a work-life balance.
The pay is good and benefits are also competitive.
I previously worked for another tech company and absolutely hated it, working at Amazon has been a considerably better experience as far as work culture goes.
This company is great at letting you work the best way you can. Hours range from coming in at 7am - 11am and from going home from 4pm to 8pm. Washington is a great place to live.
It was very laid back and the work was challenging and interesting. Sometimes you had to spend the few extra hours on work, but where do you not? Has a great culture with lots of opportunities for team outings. I was thoroughly surprised at the amount of room there is to grow in aspects of software and hardware development. You own you're projects and are held at a high standard.
Benefits, bonuses, and time off are great! Wages are mediocre, but the bonuses and overtime go a long way. I get a lot of satisfaction from being able to develop creative projects and try them out in production.
- very interesting work in an entrepreneurial environment - working with smart people, both in legal and business - great resume builder - regularly learning new areas of law
When I started I had wonderful coworkers. The benefits are incredible. The office space is very sleek & startup-like. Lots of vacation time.
You have autonomy and ownership.of your business. Given a lot of responsibility early on.
Amazon offers above average benefits and decent pay for an entry level warehouse job. They give you opportunities to move up, although it takes lots of work and dedication to succeed in advancement. I have met amazing people and have wonderful coworkers. It can be a lot of fun some days.
The culture and acceptance of all kinds of people as long as they can get the job done
Supportive Development focused Changes all the time
Vacation time, personal time, UPT, stock, and being year over year ambassador for my department. Fun place to work most days.
Fast paced, fun environment, local
Lots of innovation and smart people. Great place to learn about many aspects of the business.
Great pay (base + bonus + equity) Ownership Some autonomy
Great people who are passionate about the product. Fast-paced and you feel like constantly contributing to product.
Pay was OK, but share vesting was poor. Good on your CV Lots of smart people
The compensation is very good
Good work, really cool minds at work.
- Interesting problems to work on - No red tape, everything is moving fast - First class facilities - Leadership committed to building software - Review process considers input from everyone - Compensation - Being able to make quick impact
Opportunities to Learn, Solid benefits, good compensation
Lots of opportunity to learn and grow
Amazon discounts, great atmosphere, great customer service, layed back
The sense of community and teamwork at the warehouse is very good. I enjoyed the amount of physical work at the job, others may not.
Overtime is welcome all year round, free food is offered when there is mandatory overtime, great training, some room to move up.
Good salary, great technology, great people.
Yes, Amazon Fresh does provide opportunities for Tier One employees, but only if have a degree or are under 25 years old. The pay for warehouse work starts at $12.75 for Tier One, plus benefits for over 30 hours a week. Tier Three pay starts at $18.50.
get to work with smart people, lots of freedom and ideas can be generated from bottom up
Your coworkers are really smart people. You get to try new ideas, and the company encourages thinking big and outside the box. The stock options are a good reason to work there for a few years.
Good people to work with. Direct impact to the customers. Both challenges and opportunities.
Compensation was okay, stock options were the proverbial carrot. The fast pace of the operation kept things moving. Ultra casual attire was cool.
the benefits are good and you meet a lot of people
The leadership principles are actually important to the culture of the company, and not just some nonsense written on the wall. Also, Integrity, hard work, and a customer centric attitude are rewarded.
reputable company in retail or distribution
The company is obsessed with customer satisfaction. Bureaucracy is kept to a minimum. The cadence of releases is daunting, but exciting. Initial signing bonuses are lucrative, but subsequent payouts sub-standard. Amazon has its fingers in lots of pies. It's well-positioned to lead in many areas by it's slow, but methodical approach.
1) You may be working on really cool projects
Innovative company, diverse workforce, great location
Great flexibility in work hours for management, telecommuting options, base salary and opportunities for new innovative ideas.
I have learned, and continue to learn, a lot of exciting, fun, and cutting edge technology. Amazon Web Services is at the forefront of Public Cloud Computing and as such is inventing tomorrow's services and capabilities. Almost everyone I've encountered is willing to share their knowledge and experience. Even though Amazon.com is a company of over 100,000 employees, AWS feels like a startup with high energy, excitement, and buzz.
Bezos is a genius. He invests in new ideas and takes risks, not just for a moment but for years. Long enough to see if a new piece of the business is financially viable and fits with the rest of the company. The company takes a long-term view with its overall direction and performance. Quarterly wall street response to earnings is not driving the management and that's a model all could learn from.
Great place to get things done and grow your resume. You are working with really smart people and have access to a lot of enablers. The culture here enshrines "bias for action" which is your license to cut through the red tape when it gets in the way.
Great flexibility in work hours for management, telecommuting options, base salary and opportunities for new innovative ideas.
They give you plenty of time off...PTO and UPT
Pay, results achieved and interpersonal interactions
Amazon offers a lot of freedom to try new things, make your own judgment calls, and prove yourself. You can do basically anything, as long as you can prove its worth to the company.
Pay was good. (Weekly pay unless converted) some nice people. Everybody's busy. Easy jobs to do in the warehouse. Good benefits also.
Opportunity to influence the business.
Amazon is a great place to get some good work experience for college grads or transitioning vets.
* Very competitive compensation * Widely recognized name on the resume * Intelligent employees * Good engineering processes
Nice office buildings with decent amenities: free coffee, tea, clean kitchenette with new fridges, dishwashers. They separate landfill, recycling, and compost.
Good benefits and perks. You don't work with someone watching your every move. high turnover rate so you can move up fast if you stick it out.
This company is not going out of business so you have some good job security! You get to work with some great, talented people and have high level opportunites and experiences. What you learn in 1 year is equivelent to a couple years at another company! Benefits are good, leadership can be good if you're lucky. Good potential for training if you're pro-active.
Great idealism. Amazing customer service principles. Talk a great game
Smart Coworkers At Amazon you’re going to work with some really bright individuals. Everyone I work with is very intelligent and very hard working. That’s evident by the clock ticking down to 6:00 and seeing all your coworkers typing still at their door desks.  Interesting Work The work you do at Amazon is already quite fun. On the retail side it’s like running your own business. There’s so much to do and you’re never bored with the work. It’s neat to see how everything you do impacts your business and improves it.  Casual Work Environment It's also quite nice that you can go to work in jeans and a t-shirt. Bringing your dog to work is great also, but really it's just a wait to keep you there longer.
Able to get your hands on some latest technology. Seattle is a great Seattle, way better than Bay area in my opinion.
Let us start with Amazon first and then with AWS. Amazon has this unique method of hiring. When there is a fire at Amazon and a dire need to hire, you will be immediately called for interviews and the whole interview process is expedited within weeks and you will also get an offer the next day you are interviewed. After applying for 4 years consistently I got my first call and then got called onsite right away and then an offer within 24 hours. I understood they needed a person on board very badly. Because it is Amazon, you will take the offer right away without thinking and plus the offer is so lucrative that you will just take it. Don’t be fooled with the stock options they offer as a part of the hiring package. Ask for more base salary or joining bonus. Average tenure at amazon for an employee is 1.5 years and stock options mature in 3rd and 4th year and hence you don’t see a single penny of it. Amazon pays you high but takes away your personal and family life. It is a place where everyone tries to prove they are right, even at the cost of other colleagues. So it is a rat race, where everyone tries to outsmart other at any cost. In the end people are very exhausted and look for other options. The office politics gets to you if you believe that hard work is the only means to progress in your career. Not many people know that amazon has this unique culture of laying off 10% of the work force every year irrespective of what you put in. So your relationship with your manager and other managers also will matter when it comes to review. Also, at amazon, anyone can write a review about you at any time, which will count towards your final performance review. So you have to watch your back constantly and have to be people smart and also work smart. This is not easy because even if you put in 120% you may not be in the best books with others because you did company’s good and in doing so, you stepped over someone in some way, who will write a review about you and to which you have no visibility to. So what you will see in your review will always be a surprise. If a decision is made to let you go per the 10% lay off rule, then they will give you 100 excuses and reasons of not performing. Except if you join in the last 3 months of the year, you are in for a review. I joined in September and in 15th week of my service, I was told that I am a part of the performance improvement program, which is a sophisticated name for the 10% people, who are walked off on any day the manager wants. The guard comes with a box and takes your tag and computer and you walk with an embarrassment. The culture is so rough that you hardly make any good friends at work because everyone is constantly thinking you are being nice but not sure if you will write a decent review.
There is no shortage of overtime hours if you want them.
Safety is obviously important, and while it's appreciated, usually seemed to go overboard in its enforcement. Somewhat flexible with time off (paid and/or unpaid), but beware of running out of your allotment (even if unpaid) = instant termination!
Ownership: Amazon gives employees a lot of ownership over the projects they are working on.  Career growth: There are tons of internal opportunities for growth and you are able to drive you own career trajectory. Compensation and benefits are very competitive.  Work life balance: I heard some of the complaints about work life balance before joining Amazon, but in my time here I have not experienced any issues with work life balance. The work schedule is flexible and I rarely take any work home with me.
It have a lot of benefits
Great benefits, Great pay, Great hours, Fulltime / Parttime hours, discount, wonderful health services
I get to work on very visible, customer-facing projects that make a difference to thousands of people a day. My management cares about my career growth and work-life balance. I am paid very well.
Amazon offers great health benefits. Work weeks are 4 days. Eating utensils and condiments are free in the break rooms, also multiple microwaves. Rest rooms are always clean. Kiosks throughout the building where employees can check schedules and time off. Amazon will pay majority of tuition in a highly desirable technical field, after working with them for a year. Growth opportunities are offered. Amazon is safety-oriented.
great co to learn interpersonal skills
They have pretty good insurance, variable compensation pay, and restricted stock units.
Health care package is very good.
Work with a good group of guys, provide tools and has a fairly good shop of equipment. Area managers are good to work for.
Own your own product from end to end. From design and vision through to technology stack and ownership
people are great to work with
Brand name and good process.Got a strong interview process. Follow ups are great.Competitive salary.Overall experience was good.
Fast paced environment. Results are seen quickly
It's easy to be recognized for skills beyond what your job description states, and have them be nurtured. Mobility always seemed like a possibility in any position.
Many growth opportunities. Work with some of the brightest and best around. The culture, if you buy into it, has a lot going for it. If you're not onboard with the culture you won't make it.
Pay with stock is above average Endless challenges People who devote all waking hours to work are rewarded Can bring your dogs SLU is a nice campus Looks good on your résumé
The pay was amazing and it was just for the agency imagine for the company.
team members are great good communication.
Learned a lot. Training was excellent, they seemed to value me.
They have a lot of tools for development so you don't have to set up an ad hoc system on your own. After you've worked there a year, you can transfer to another team or division, and they have a lot to choose from.
The pay and benefits were nice, and the job itself provided a nice way to stay active.
Great culture. If you want to learn without frills, then this is the place to be. The whole organization is very decentralized with lots of room to try & learn. Each team almost works like a start up in itself. Great brand in your resume as well.
Starting pay was good and benefits start immediately.
The benefits are great and they start from day one
Colleagues are incredibly smart and driven. This helps you to grow and improve your own abilities, however the downside is an incredibly cutthroat environment.
There are so many opportunities!!! Very customer oriented with always pursuing new ways to be more efficient with frugality.
internal tech talks are decent, amazon brand on the resume, great view from the office
Bottom line is money. The company handcuffs managers with bonuses that vest every six months.
Amazon is a customer centric company, which is always changing. Processes improve, associates have ample opportunity to move around and transfer. They also have the opportunity to be promoted in a short time. Amazon has fair pay with benefits and we are given stocks every year although they vest after 2 years. It's a fast paced environment with rates for each function. Associates are expected to perform multiple tasks, but honestly, there really is nothing difficult about the job. We want our associates to leave the same way they came to work at the end of the day, just a bit more tired. Safety is number one followed by quality. If you enjoy an environment that is constant changing and learning about lean manufacturing, then amazon may be for you. We have a culture that we stand by and 14 leadership principles that flood our floors. I have had some tough times, but if you take the time with this company, it will take you far. Amazon also offers a career choice program that helps associates pay for education. Amazon also has a fantastic mentor program, that allows associates the chance to develop themselves into future leaders.
Nice place to work..Very competitive environment...gives a tough competition for growth..enterpreneurial, smart people...good brand...good learning curve
1. Incredibly smart, driven and dedicated teams, 2. Scope and responsibility like no where else you'll work, 3. Likelihood of having one or more "Jeff" meetings is fairly high depending upon the team you join, which is mind-blowing the first time (then it's a slog), 4. Leadership principles are practiced across all aspects of the business (hiring, meetings, talent management), which is more than I can say for other companies that hand-wave at similar tenets once or twice a year during reviews.
Challenging opportunity but you have the opportunity to really meet customer expectations. The organization is very focused on the making the customer and their associates happy.
by far, the best pro is market leading pay. In every segment of their employee population, from fulfillment center employees to corporate drones, they have strong compensation practices...this tops off with you get to the executive level but everywhere, you will do well financially. In their corporate offices, they also have a casual work environment and you will definitely work with smart people.
Work with very smart people.
It's exciting being part of a fast paced company that loves innovation and lives their values on a daily basis. I feel adequately compensated for my time and efforts and feel rewarded just for being an employee.
Liked my time there. Smart people around.
You can learn a great deal about standing up AWS cloud based services, running various random agile dev methodologies, leading young teams of 5-8 devs and shipping software on a very fast basis. The systems for deploying services and the number of services deployed services are amazing. If you negotiate really hard on the way in, you can get almost $160K + a similar amount in monthly signing bonuses and/or stock grant for four years upon accepting. Just wait though, the catches to this Faustian bargain are baked into the culture -- it will get you.
Customer focused, innovative, competent, performance oriented.
Pay is relatively good with great benefits.
high salary, nice work environment
Some of the best things about working for Amazon is the people you work with. Most of the time, they are wonderful and hard working people.
You can meet some really bright engineers here. And you can learn some really good design of big projects. Bear in mind not every project is good and not every engineer in AWS is bright.
Good starting salary  Stock that unlocks the more you stay with the company  Top tier company with a great name on your resume  Interesting work.
Good compensation, friendly people and work environment.
There are absolutely no pros to the Work From Home Position
Overall Amazon pays well once you have been there for a few years. They do provide you with a bus pass and I've met some great people there.
Great experience and brand value. Good set of responsibilities with little or no guidance. At management is always in meetings and works less than 40hrs a week while mid management and lower level employees work 60hrs a week.
It's a big company and a good place to learn.
Decent pay, good benefits, and great place to work overall.
Big company, can gain valuable experience in developing large distributed system related projects. Open to many chances if you are a work maniac.
Cool place to work at. As a 18yr old I made a lot of money.
The technics of colleagues are very high and they are helpful. The whole working environment improved the technics much.
One of the best companies in terms of learning opportunities, the quality of your peers, and the overall quality of management and vision.
friends- you'll meet a bunch of people here. hours- on night shift the hours arent ideal, but on day shift you get off and can have a life.
-Fast paced work culture -New teams have startup atmosphere -Learn new stuff daily
They invented cloud computing. It's an amazing opportunity to see how things work.
There are top notch people in every aspect of computer science and internet business. You can easily find teams with skill sets and expertise you are interested in and you want to learn. Flexible and dynamic organization. Besides technology strength, this company also advocates business senses. Teach you some important stuff for any internet business
Maybe it will look good on your resume. There are a lot of data and you may be able to do an interesting analysis (only if you are patient enough to wait for your query to run, see below). Work-life balance was not bad for me. There are a few smart and honest people.
Great Learning and a big ownership - very cross-functional experience, working for a company that is long term focused, very ambitious and puts customer first, very strong culture
Training is offered in many roles as an associate. One can decide which role they would like to obtain. If desired after a year of employment amazon will pay 95% of tuition up to 3,000 a year. The benefits are very good,especially their insurance, 401K, discounts, and the people are always positive.
Casual Dress Coworkers were great people Competitive pay for the area, however the area paid very little
Home office, no commute, paid full-time training.
sort center is really easy, no one is on your as unless you don't meet rate, mgr listens but is responsible for too much, very busy
For the job duties the compensation is satisfactory.
Great company, plenty of opportunities, fun work environment, easy job, competitive pay, good personal growth, ample time-off policies, promotions come bi-annualy.
Time off is excellent, with opportunities for leaves of absence, paid time off, and unpaid time off. Pay, for the entry-level warehouse positions, stays about 30% above what area retailers provide, and benefits are good. They include a technical-focused tuition assistance program, company discounts, and stock options.  In addition, the company has an open-door policy concerning management, and works hard to provide multiple avenues of communication for their employees.
This was not an unpleasant company to work for. I was there for 8 years so something must have been good about it. The office culture was mostly great as you were encouraged to be casual, bring your dog to work, and interact with other employees, both on your team and on other teams. I did enjoy that. With the right manager, personal growth was a priority so that was a benefit.
Your coworkers are generally motivated, capable people. Compensation is reasonable, given cost-of-living in the Seattle area. Lots of good places to eat in South Lake Union.
You can get medical coverage in 30 days. its high deductible but amazon pays 100 percent for you. great pay and overnight gets even more. no experience needed. Quick hire on and great training. they are very safety oriented and have on site medical care if you need something or don't feel well during your shift.
leadership compensation perks and time-off policies
The pros at amazon are the benefits, stock, and 401k.
Great experience for a fresh MBA grad
Leadership principles in Amazon makes it still work like a start-up by developing leaders in the small teams to own their systems and products. Each development team works like its own start-up, each day the developers are encouraged to think big and show ownership. Being vocally self critical is highly encouraged and it makes the teams openly identify areas to improve and act upon them. Most people are smart and have their own core strengths. The people who stay long are generally seasoned leaders even though they are individual contributors, they look out for mentoring and developing the best. The experience gained working at Amazon is valuable. It can be applied at any other start-up/other big/established company which works similar to a start-up effectively.
Exciting new products putting them into new categories, always looking for new people, you get to work with some great people.
Salary is good and get stokcs vests over first 4 years. Very challeging nad will push you to your limits and beyond. But good experience with Amazon. You are empowered ot have a direct impact on customers and hte business.
Great work, good people, great pay
You get to work on your own project.
- Their tough culture will make you strong - You will get a lot of offers after this experience
-Pay and benefits are decent.  -No real dress code (jeans, t shirts, tattoo's etc etc are ok.)  -Climate controlled warehouse.
Dont do it they tell u anything to get you in the door
Will get you e-commerce on the resume if that's what you are after. Experience will hold weight elsewhere. Seattle has it's benefits other than weather.
Good benefits. some people are awesome to work with.
Many schedules to work from. Good benfits in monthly profit sharing.
Its a company with a great reputation, known worldwide, fulfillment centers all over the world.
Pay, Experience, Smart people to work with, Personal time, Benefits
Fast-paced, autonomous environment that allows you to work in casual attire.
Amazon is a great company, very supportive and the overall work/life balance is good.
Growing company. Cutting-edge. Creating jobs for thousands across the US and globally. Opportunities to relocate (manager and hourly associates). You have a change to make a difference in the actually business - have an idea, try it out. You learn you are able to stretch and accomplish more than you probably thought possible.
Benefits are great. Looks great on your resume. Various types of experience in one place from clerical, IT, managerial, H.R, engineering, warehouse, etc.
Cool to be part of a growing and young company
Love the company and love the people
There are daily quota to meet in any warehouse position, if you are among the top in the warehouse you are noticed. They also offer a one time bonus to seek another career if you are not happy there.
HR department does a tremendous job in selling Amazon (friendliness, perks, "chance for growth within"). Good place for college students before graduation.
I lost a lot of weight working at the warehouse for Amazon. Their open door policy makes it easy for you to talk to management.
co workers tend to be pretty decent people. well organized company, good for people who like to work hard or who are competitive and the benifits and time off are pretty good. its great to get to learn the ins and outs of any department you want and decent possibility of moving up.
Pay and benefiis are excellent
Better than average hourly rates, work/life balance depends on you, a most bodacious experience, always maintain a positive attitude.
Pay is some of the best in the industry for a new grad, up there with Google and MS. Benefits are decent.  Most teams work normal 40-hour weeks, unless you get unlucky enough to get put on a team with an insane workload or on-call rotation.
Great culture and ownership and responsibilities
Money and extra hours
Lots of exercise. great parking lots, wonderfull people, and food, and stuff to see. Soooo much inventory - my gosh! But not alphabetized very well - to many things misplaced. And the buildings are HUGE!! Too easy to get lost in - they should use a staff paging system.
Very friendly atmosphere with great opportunities to learn and grow within the company. Management very courteous and professional.
A lot of responsibility Great bran on your resume You will learn a lot Entrepreneurial Higher base (post MBA)
Smart people, growing business.
The pay versus work load is satisfactory. The company HR Dept. constantly "looks" out and keeps an open door policy for all of its employee including those staffed in. There was never a concern for my safety due to Amazon.com's thorough training and safety guidelines.
Good place to work overall. A lot of very smart people who come from very diverse backgrounds.
Good Pay (that's it!!!!)
This is a fast moving company that allows you to think big and run with it if your ideas are sound, and can make a difference. There is plenty of support to grow and you are encouraged to work on projects and in areas that excite you.
You get to meet people who are from most age groups. If you can stay long enough you can try most anything at your skill level or lower. Pay is ok
None I can think of.
1. Stocks 2. Interesting Challenges 3. Very smart people
They pay good and you can get bonuses. Plenty of overtime when busy. You have a lot of room to advance.
great benifits, nice co-workers, like a second family
I am surrounded by great leaders and great co-workers. Everyone is smart, friendly and helpful which makes for a sales-organization pretty much unlike any other I've worked for.
- Good Health Benefits - Decent pay - Company is always growing
career opportunities, compensation, company values and quality of people who work there.
You have the opportunity to do anything that you want to work on. There used to be a lot of A players, so you are surrounded by smart co-workers.
Steady Paycheck and good benefits.
- Company growth - Lots of projects you can take on
- A lot of people say that Amazon does not pay well, but I was able to negotiate very good salary from the beginning, so I cannot complain about it. Benefit are decent, like in most major corporations. - If you are lucky you can get on a good team. Overall workplace experience varies widely between different businesses within the company and is defined mostly by the director's personality and his hiring policies.  - If you do not have to carry a pager and do not care much for career growth Amazon can be pretty relaxed place to work for. But again, depends on the team - Easy mobility within the company. You can move from team to team within the company pretty easily. There is a lot of variety so you can find a place which will be interesting for you without changing employer.
-Flexibility to do work that immediately goes into production -Ship things quickly -Helpful teammates -Linux (and macs)! Seriously, this is a huge plus. unix tools > everything  I really enjoyed being able to work on a lot of projects and seeing them go live. You could literally build stuff and ship on the same day.
Good products, large scales and great people
Good place to work, salary, benefits
The job keep you moving and pay well.
Worked in fulfillment center. Good pay and benefits for full timers. Fun job with equally fun coworkers from all walks of life.
- If you are proactive with your career and engage your management actively, you can go almost anywhere.  - Compensation is good, but tied primarily into the stock. The better the company does, the better you do.  - Darwinistic culture means you generally work with some solid people.  - Customer is the focus and not in the company jargon sense, but really the core foundation of everything we do.  - This is a writing culture, be prepared to write well thought and constructed 6 pagers.
They have great benefits if you are hired on regular and not through an agency, they have many incentives that they have where they give away products based on your performance or just a random.
nice place to work long term
I really enjoyed leading projects with lots of moving parts. You had to coordinate with many teams and moved at blinding speed.
Rich technologies and infrastructure is a big plus to move faster and learn at same pace.
You get to work with really smart people. You get to make a significant difference for millions of customers. As long as the stock keeps going up, total compensation is above market.
challenges, qualitative culture, customer obsession, fierce market positioning
Amazon as a company is growing rapidly. It's going into new markets and challenging big players as well as innovating in markets where it's already quite ahead. There is no dearth of choice when you are working at Amazon. There are a number of teams working on different products across all sorts of areas.  The best part is that the work which you do will get shipped.  That's the main thing which I love about Amazon. Software you write will see light of day in say 6 months. That's how quickly things move here. Teams are small and ownership is more. Process is lightweight and will never hinder you. I have never been asked to fill in time-sheets or made to give hourly estimates. People are friendly. Technical arguments are settled based on data and with respect.  Amazon does most of its development in Java and uses a lot of open-source software. This frees engineers to focus on problems rather than re-engineer software which already exists.  Although some teams have poor work-life balance, the ones which I have worked in had no such problems. I have been able to do a 9-5 on most days without any work carrying over to the weekends.
If you are fresh out of college, you can learn a lot in a short time and get the name on your resume.
pays good very good work place and great co-workers
Well it's Amazon so work is steady though so steady income & tons of OT come Christmas Holiday. Day one insurance is nice too. You'll most likely bond with your new hire class & meet other really great people that are at the same level as you within your department. The bad/ugly side of Amazon is coming out slowly but surely, ie. BBC, Forbes & Business Weekly have all done undercover investigations & reports on their facilities.
Good money. Easy hiring. Keeps you active. Work independently. Decent benefits.
From outsider's perspective Amazon seems to be an innovative company focusingon improving customer experience and offering more affordable products.
As mentioned in the title, I've only worked on one team at Amazon, and it is in the context of a new/secret project, so I'm not sure my experiences are representative of the company as a whole. That being said:  - Fast pace - Plenty of responsibility - End-to-end project ownership - Smart co-workers
Decent pay and bennies for no brainer work. Good exercise.
Top Management are super awesum. They think big, of future, motivate to think and innovate
Best CEO in the world
Choose your own schedule, fast-paced work day, very attentive and encouraging, albeit task-driven managers, shift-differential for 2nd/3rd shift
Good seasonal income--work pace is very fast and time goes by quickly. Work is through Integrity Staffing unless hired as a permanent employee by Amazon. You are allowed time off without pay after working a few weeks with Integrity.
Start up culture, great learning, smart people
easy job but the hours can be long
Very smart people, more than lip service to customers...real customer obsession. The old cliche of only change is constant is very true here.
-Top etail site in the U.S. & much of the world = great talent, awesome brand -Very smart, hard-working people
The pay is good, and you can make good hours. You can work overtime whenever you want.
A great company to work for, you are given the training needed to do the job and the rest is up to you. The compensation is very competitive.
The only reason to work here is that it will improve your future prospects of getting a better job elsewhere. Recruiters know that Amazon has a high hiring bar and employees are motivated to leave. In rare cases and for rare individuals, you will have the opportunity to build something awesome, for everyone else, it is duct tape and bailing wire to survive Christmas.
A lot of talented highly skilled people Non-trivial projects ability to develop, enhance skills, learn
The benefits are good. It's an okay place to work. Everyone seems pretty friendly. We get little perks here and there.
Fast paced, high pressure work environment with loose definition leads to lots of opportunity to define yourself and make a big impact.
Good pay and benefits. Some groups have decent hours, others are over-worked. Nice building with adequate workspace. Co-workers are intelligent. Some offices have good continuous education programs, especially main office in Seattle.
Amazon will teach you a lot. You'll be around brilliant people all day and are bound to learn something new from them, even if you pick it up by osmosis.  The things you do are likely to ship. Not everything does, as with every company, some projects get canned or put on hold indefinitely, but most things move pretty quickly. Even if your particular project never sees the light of day, it's likely that some of the things you did will get repurposed.  You'll have a pretty good idea of where you fit into the machine based on your job title and the people around you. This isn't the sort of place where you're going it alone and everyone is siloed off, there are literally thousands of people who can answer questions or collaborate.  If you meet or exceed "the bar", you will be recognised to a degree. In most cases, effort in equals reward out.  Being so process-heavy can actually be a blessing in disguise as resources are always available for any problems you might run into and things are fairly well-documented.  Amazon gets things done and one of the key values is having a backbone -- you're expected to stand your ground if you disagree. This lends itself extremely well to things like eliminating code debt and keeping things moving, there's no groupthink. It can sometimes become a little bit adversarial, but it's not a big issue and is a small price to pay for the advantage it gives the organisation. For a huge company, it's outright nimble.  Everything is data-driven, which I'll also mention in the Cons section. As a pro, though, if you have the data to back it up, you'll be able to get what you want. Additionally, your performance is measured with data-driven metrics, so your review shouldn't come as a surprise -- good or bad.
Entry level forklift experience. This is a good way to get into the warehouse field. Easy to transfer between departments to get more experience.
They offer training. The job isn't difficult if you are skilled
No dress code.Apart from that,I see nothing good.
Core Competencies holds good for global professional values
* We are obsessed with customers. We live and breathe it every day. It is not a hollow mantra. * The growth is incredible. Don't blink, you'll miss something. Great opportunities for growth. * This is not a "Good Old Boy" network. It's about performance and nothing else. * We welcome "Out of Box" thinkers. Debating and challenging existing processes encouraged.
Salary and work life balance
- Many smart people who are good to work with - Opportunity to work on interesting projects, at scale
its only a paycheck that keeps you right above the poverty line
Pay per hour is relatively high in comparison to other readily available jobs in local areas. If you are full-time and permanent, your total hours a week is average around 38+ hours a week Your health insurance bi-weekly premium is cheap. You can take your personal time off without much hassle because it is consider pretty much considered pre-approved. After you been there over one year, you can quickly accumulate vacation time on monthly basis.
work culture, senior management, opportunity
Amazon is a well oiled machine and you'll learn a lot if you have the stomach to stay plugged in.
-The people are great. A lot of smart people who are a ton of fun. -If you're on the right team, you can take on a lot of ownership and move quickly. -Good stock compensation if you're willing to wait a few years. -Good relocation (if you don't leave before the 2 year mark) -Work from home. -Name looks great on your resume and can open doors if you market your time well.
leadership, ownership, visibility and great people
Opportunity to work on interesting, cutting-edge projects. Generally highly competent, intelligent colleagues. Good 'name' for your resume to leverage for another position.
hours, pay, time off, competitive benefits package, free stock
They offer work from home, they pay nicely, they offer great benefits, room for advancement.
- Amenities, buildings, location - Pay, the people you work with
Pay is competitive with other tech companies.
Company is doing good financially however sometimes it gets too overwhelming
High growth potential and leaders that generally care.
Nice starting pay. You can earn bonuses. They do have 401 K and stock bonuses as well. I can work from home, but not everyone gets that option.
- Amazon is going to teach you how to be the best at what you do. The caveat there, however, is that it can be difficult to learn more than just that unless you make yourself a slave to your job. Favorites tend to be cherry-picked by managers and given extra opportunities to be promoted.  - The people that you work with are very smart, but many will step on each other to get ahead.  - Parking reimbursement is a definite plus  - Fishbowls (music/author/actor) events are very fun  - Internal transfer process can help with personal growth and development, but expect to own that process!
Interesting work, great people, lots of autonomy and flexibility
There are many opportunities to grow with the company and they like crazy ideas and embrace difference so it never feels stiff to work there. There is monthly profit sharing, yearly stock and benefits on day one.
The days go by fast and never boring. The pay is great and the people are very nice. They care about their people and will help you succeed in everything you do.
If you work as a picker or stower, this job can give you a great workout. The people are mostly very friendly and approachable and it is customary to engage in a little chit-chat in order to maintain sanity. Full-time permanent employees get lots of chances to take time off including paid time and the dress code is very liberal.
It can be fun, rushing about, trying to cope with a never-ending tsunami of boxes, and working to create a sense of "team".
You can definitely learn a lot in short spam in Amazon as they make you work a lot.
You will learn something new everyday. You will meet some great people that are very smart. Pay is better than average and if you are promoted up a level there is a significant jump in pay although much is awarded through stock
The potential upside of the stock payout in 4 years. Lots of really enthusiastic people (well initially anyway)
Smart people, Solid pay when factoring in restricted stock units
Salary is good. Get stock vests over first 4 years. Very challenging and will push you to your limits, and beyond. I have grown as a leader 2 fold in 3 years. Amazon focuses on holding managers accountable and thus creates an environment of success. Highly driven by a feedback-centered culture.
Decent pay, could be better.
The pay is pretty good and it's easy to get the tools you need.
Potential to move and make something of your self.
The company is full of very smart people. Many of them coming straight out of MBA school.
They work with your school schedule if you are a student, summer activities with family members, and it is a very nice/friendly environment to be in. Oh and the pay is wonderful, as well as the benefits (health insurance etc.).
Interesting projects, lost of technical challenges,
So many pros, I'll do this bullet point style so this doesn't get too long: - Ability to work from home - Flexible schedules, ability to work 4 10 hour shifts and that means a lot of time off (3 days off every week is awesome!) - Great work life balance (I know a lot of people say Amazon doesn't have this, however I think this is highly dependent on what team you work in and the manager you have, i'm fortunate enough to have both a great team and manager) - Pretty good compensation (amazon believes in total compensation, I will go into further details in cons) - Learn a ton on the job and have access to the latest and greatest in Cloud Computing - Occasional free food including free breakfast cereals most of the month - Lots of very smart people to learn from and collaborate with - Opportunity to advance, after working one year you are free to apply for any job in the company...you are really only limited by your own ambition and hard work at Amazon. - Helping fix customer problems makes me happy, but I might be weird - You are always empowered to fight for and help the customer, which makes it easy to do your job
It's good to be the king. AWS is the market leader, but engineering doesn't act like it. Extremely innovative and fast paced. If you appreciate the technology it never gets boring to sell it. The people are amazing, and because the hiring process is so daunting odds are most of your peers are solid contributors. Great opportunity to make money if you are hungry and resourceful.
Benefits in healthcare from first day of employment, compensation in vacation hours and personal hours. pay with built in pay raises
Position including insurance, the people you work with are nice, some of the management is nice others not so much. If you like being in the military you will like this job.
The technical challenges and opportunities at Amazon are huge. You work with incredibly smart people on incredibly hard problems. You will learn a lot that will help with the rest of your career.
Entry level/individual contributors are genuinely good people. High energy, motivated, creative, fun to be around.
Great cardio workout if you're on the floor. people have been fun and enjoyable for the most part. If you get a blue badge the opportunities are seemingly endless.
Amazon has its leadership principles. Leadership principle is not only the guide for interviews but also the guide for internal ratings of current employees. This principle demonstrates good company culture.
Amazon is indeed a very peculiar place to work. There are a lot of opportunities to move around, intelligent people, there is never a dull moment and diverse culturally. My experience has been positive so far, but it differs from team to team. I've known people who left the company due to a bad experience with management. They either left at their own or were fired. The relocation package is very generous and the hiring team does an excellent job of recruiting talents.
Working with great talented set of people, opportunities for cool projects
- Office staff was present 24/7 - The company was definitely moving to make things better for employees at the time I left - Decent hours (I prefer the extra days off to having a shorter workday) - One of the few companies still hiring for general labor while most are/were cutting back
this is a company that really sticks by its principles, especially customer obsession your career path is your own to determine, I've always been supported in my changes (can also be a negative, see below) you are building cool things that affect lots of people around the world NEVER A DULL MOMENT, EVER
Compensation is great. Signing bonuses great.
endless opportunity to advance ecommerce
Good benefits, stock options, vacation, personal time and unpaid time.
Nice pay. Work in teams of some of the most brilliant minds you will ever meet. You will work on the most innovative projects within the industry and company. Great support from software engineers. Operations is still main focus of company so you can come up with the ideas to make a difference and receive the support you need to get the job done and improve efficiency and reduce costs.
Smart, highly motivated team, initiatives that have direct customer impact, high visibility in the organization. Own your product end-to-end from conception to implementation to delivery to maintenance.
Good company to work for.
I spent 10 years at Amazon starting from engineer to growing into senior manager. I did software development, program management, product management and even some online marketing.  If you get opportunity to get into ground floor of a new initiative or business and are lucky enough that the initiative has executive attention and becomes a business and starts growing it will do wonders for you: 1/ You will learn first hand how businesses develop in online world 2/ You will learn how to operate efficiently (very limited resources - people and funding, and many idea - makes decision making and product pivoting crucial) 3/ Your career will grow fast within the company  I have outlined idea scenario that does occur in parts of the company. Albeit to lesser and lesser degree as company has grown a lot and become somewhat of a different beast. So if you are looking at the company and are serious about your investment of years there - be very sensitive to group you go to. You can land at a group that is bigger and older but if so, perform as well as you can and then you must switch to smaller - new business starting group. Otherwise you will be one of many who often complain about the company:  - Only ops, hardly get to write lot of code or ground breaking software, too much internal tribal knowledge - Burnout - big group - crazy boss driven beaurocracy  Lastly, Amazon is place for those who persevere in times of troubles - keep that in mind!
Move anywhere in the country
Always 40 hrs plus plenty of overtime
You get to say you worked at Amazon.com
The best benefit of working at Amazon is the amazing array of coworkers. You meet everyone from MIT graduates to post-military special ops (and all folks in-between). Most of the people at Amazon are no BS types who don't like office politics. Those are the people I love working with the most. Amazon's technical environment offers experience and learning opportunities you cannot get anywhere else. Server management, ruby/perl programming, Cisco, Linux, network cabling, project management, etc - all in one job.
The company culture is based on objectivity, responsibility, and precision. This means there is little to no "politics" or egos to stroke. Great for people who like to work fast and hard and not waste time. No classism or age-ism like you sometimes see in young hot tech companies.
You have a chance to work with cool and smart people in technology side but not in design side. It is totally up to your boss if the job is fun or not.
Nice environment but insensitive people
Opportunities abound. Innovative new work being done all day every day. Rapid growth company. Environment that encourages creativity. Autonomy is granted if you know your stuff. Dogs allowed in the office. Casual dress environment. Learned more about business and process efficiency in 4 years at Amazon than I did in 10 years in my prior jobs.
Seattle campus hires amazing, accomplished designers to work on device platform. The hiring process is thorough but appropriate and the talent level is great.
Working with leaders from all over the world.
Ownership, high impact, fast moving, innovative, lots to choose from, not as political as other cos.
You get to learn a lot and get very good experience
very good working culture pretty good opportunities to move into better roles
* Bottom-up culture. As a manager, I have full autonomy to get things done and drive my short and long term vision, hire fantastic people, and take large risks
Pay, Company values, benefits, associates get a lot of time off, customer centricity
Talented people, downtown/near-downtown location. Different teams can feel very different. But overall they hold similar culture. If you are lucky and find a reasonable team, you might be able to enjoy it. But not so much for other teams.
Pass the drug test you are hired, they put a lot of people in the system. They give you personal days to use at your discretion from day one. If you like wearing jeans, t-shirts and tennis shoes you will love it at Amazon. The warehouse is climate controlled.
It pays decently well, the conditions aren't bad and safety is much better than most warehouses.
Lots of work, new stuff daily, used to be something to be proud of on a resume, lots of travel opportunity.
- One gets to learn latest technologies - Very fast paced company with extremely tight deadlines - Customer centric
You will meet some amazing coworkers from across the country. The pay was decent ($11 an hour) and you get benefits no matter if you're part time or full time. You have a guaranteed set amount of hours and a set schedule. They'll work around your college schedule
- Salary is competitive. They are willing to give you a 20-30% bump if you switch from Microsoft. - Technology is interesting in a few teams, many teams (like GPS or TRMS) do very mundane work though. - Good career boost when you quit (most people quit in 1-2 years)
You work with smart nice people. There is definitely cutting edge technology in some groups. Amazon won't crumble anytime soon
pay is good once you get into leadership, benefits are good. Excellent training opportunities. Amazon is one of the few companies where the customer is king and will do everything it can to improve the experience. I loved working there.
If you are fast paced, willing to sweat..a lot, and can make it through 'boot camp' (the first 4-6 weeks) you can pretty much work for them for as long as you like. you just have to keep up a fast pace..no slowing down. If you shine often and work harrrdddd you will get noticed.
the benefits if u could become a permanent were good
Great company. Smart people. Total independence. Agile and nimble development life cycles. great compensation
Interesting problems to solve, moves extremely quickly, culture of customer obsession. If you like data, you can make a huge impact on the business. I've found my work at Amazon meaningful and stimulating.
I learned a ton, and understand that each department is different depending upon your manager, but my experience was unpleasant. Signing bonuses and stock plans can be generous depending upon timing and level.
Exciting technical projects to work on Fast Paced environment with a never ending supply of cool problems to solve for real customers
Interesting work that was different all the time. Lots of interaction between different departments. Good benefits as far as Health Insurance was concerned.
Very lax place, easy to get along with everyone, especially managers, safety is important.
-A big software stack to explore. Opportunity to learn new things
Salary, young employees, free coffee
Great new projects. Good technology. Very competitive environment
Large company with many different leading-edge technology initiatives. No matter what you want to work on or where you want to learn and grow, there is probably a team working on it. Brilliant, highly motivated and hard working employees. Principals Of Amazon and Friday Learning Series talks are fascinating, informative and give new/innovative ways of looking at things, if you can make the time for them.
Amazon as a whole is a great company, but only worth joining in the right departments.  The good news is you can move after a year. If you go into AWS Support, work on networking and self promotion outside of AWS Support, then get out as fast as you can. *Never tell anybody you hate support. It's important one pretends to like AWS Support, then transfer as soon as possible.*  If your transfer doesn't work out after a year in AWS Support, you still have a deeply discounted relocation to the Pacific Northwest or Northern Virginia thanks to Amazon. Expect to pay some back if you leave before 2 years, indentured servitude is central to the retention strategy.
Frugality. You will know exactly how much revenue your team is making and how much you are spending and learn to optimize it. You will own products and systems and feel like you are involved in projects that have several times more engineers in competing companies. Compensation is good. People are smart. Development is as agile as Java stack allows. Management is very technical.
exciting projects that I can work on
Good people - some of the best I've ever worked with Fun work environment Great tech Great technical problems. Great infrastructure
Brand name, looks good on your resume. Dogs allowed. Good signing bonus
Great Benefits, Educational Programs after one year, and cool Holiday giveaways.
Smart people, good atmosphere, great culture.
Easy Job Great time off policy
Amazon Web Services is one of the best places in the industry to challenges your technical skills and grow as a software development engineers. AWS has an amazingly talented set of senior engineers who provide quality mentoring.  Despite what old reviews might say, you can, in fact have work life balance at Amazon. I have two children under the age of 5, my spouse works, and we have a life. Moreover, Amazonians are there to help you learn how to find that balance.
Amazon is the big gorilla in retail and clearly knows what it's doing. This is a hugely successful company, and it's already great to work someplace that is growing and doing new things all the time.
You get to work for a big company. You get to see what they carry everyday. Onsite medic with medication.
People were really smart and talented. There was pretty much a limitless amount of work that computers/automation could improve. Lots of opportunities to be creative.
benefits, smart and innovative people, opportunities across organizations, customer centric, well reviewed and liked
Smart people Great leadership Cutting edge technology opportunities
Amazon lures you in with high sign on bonuses and chunks of stock
Great place for driven and ambitious people looking to do whatever it takes to climb up in the corporate world.
I met and worked with some really good leaders in this company. Overall compensation is very competitive. Promotions can come quickly if you are willing to work hard and if you are good at what you do.
Incredibly diverse and intelligent workforce.
Cool employees and nice location.
You will learn a lot. You will work with some very smart people on some very hard problems. You will grow and develop your ability to use data for effective decision-making.
challenging environment autonomy to drive changes
Easy onboarding if you don't do drugs, don't have to get up early in the morning
- Ownership - Customer focus - Self driven. You can seek to understand bigger picture if you want or focus in your specialities. - Easy to change teams. - Fast paced still ready to acquire latest technologies - No limit to the responsibility you can take.
Fame Growth potential Stability Innovative culture in some teams
Scale and lots of opportunities for growth. Smartest people you will ever work with. Never a dull moment.
improve leadership qualoties, culture, personal growth
Great People. Lots of interesting projects and teams to join. I never had to deal with politics (although I'm sure my managers did).
Great stocks, growth potential is great! Relocation is available nation wide. Great people to work with and learn from.
Amazon attracts some of the best talent in the world. I am constantly learning from my peers and I'm challenged on a daily basis. It's great working for a company that is defining e-commerce around the world. Most companies say that they care about their customers, but no one lives and breathes it like Amazon. Customers mean everything. It is far more important for Amazon to make their customers happy than their employees.  Amazon has a good compensation program if you're willing to stick it out for 4 years (easier said than done). I'm an experienced hire with an MBA from a top 5 program - my base salary was on par with many corporate jobs (maybe slightly lower). I was given a nice cash signing bonus (a little over half my yearly salary) split up over 2 years. I was also given stock (originally worth about 2/3 my salary) that vests over 4 years (80% of it coming in years 3 and 4).
fast-paced, great training, chances for growth
Innovative, Progressive company that believes in change management. If you like process improvement this is your company.
You will learn from the best and will be constantly challenged to go above and beyond. Experience at Amazon is easily marketable to other retail or ecommerce related companies. Most likely in any new workplace you will keep thinking about customers first and customer obsession as the way to win.
Nothing much to say at all.
The company has good benefits and the freedom to leave early with your banked time.
High hiring bar, opportunity to experiment and do some interesting work that make impact on the business. Ability to bring dogs to work. Good culture clearly defined for employees through the leadership principles.
High hiring bar so you work with really smart people. Bezos and (most of) the rest of the senior management team takes the long view, so you really are empowered to do the right thing. Customer-focused culture is pretty cool.
Good pay. Would never regret it.
Great customer base, passion around the operations side of the business. Always innovating for better customer experience.
Lots of benefits and activities.
Great Pay and benefits packages for managers
Medical benifits, Employee discounts, Reasonable pay, Paid time off, Vacation time.
OK pay, benefits, bonuses, and tips.
- 3 day weekends (most of the time) - flexible - work with very smart people - great opportunity to move up in the company - great benefits - they are trying to improve the company and how they treat people - rewarding work. Work on projects and sometimes get to travel to other buildings
Lot of opportunities to get involved in different projects.Teams are relatively flat so you get to work with and learn from many seasoned pros. Is a great learning and growing opportunity for younger folks.
Amazon has big ideas and always has new ones in the pipeline. It's an amazing place to work if you're not shy because you never know if the guy you just chatted up will offer you a position on a secret project. Compensation is competitive and the work is fun. You write your own destiny here..and there is plenty of support for those that do!
Paid Time off, Bank of Unpaid time for any use, Vacation
Great people. Democratic hiring. Truly diverse workforce. Great opportunities to work your way up from call centers- some of the smartest and hardest working people there. A general ethos of kindness (between colleagues). All ages and backgrounds of people. I felt like I fit in there.
Good place to work
innovative company, great team, fantastic career opportunities
The employees are great. Very helpful.
not too long working hour
You get the opportunity to take plenty of time off. Also they basically pay you to bs.
The Amazon environment is fast moving and purposely tries to keep a startup kind of feel. Teams are largely independent, and responsible for themselves. Your contributions as a developer, can have immediate impact on customers, code can go from a developers desktop to working in production in just hours. The company values and mission statement aren't just aspirational clap-trap, but affect day to day activities, and decisions.
good benefits, pay, niice co-workers
Great benefits, pay, and culture. You can also bring your dog to work in most of the buildings. Lots of opportunity to move into other roles, but it can be very competitive.
Pay is decent, the company could do better.
The compensation is great. The work-life balance varies, though generally is good. They take personal growth seriously: Constructive feedback given often to ensure you have a chance to reach your potential. Under the right circumstances they'll also let you work from home, which is awesome.  They take the the Amazon Leadership Principles very seriously, and it's a good list. Google for it, they won't let me add a link here.
There are no lack of growth opportunities or learning opportunities. Change is constant to continuously improve the processes and business. The leaders are very well educated and professional.
Great brand recognition and a good resume builder. Decent level of autonomy and a high level of responsibility. They hire smart people. New businesses are always under development.
I am being very well paid in the industry, I do work enough to earn it, but
* Decent pay compared to other warehouse work * Varied work. Something for mostly everybody, even older people. * 3 day weekends.
Brilliant coworkers Tough and interesting problems to solve Culture and tools to enable development Good compensation Small teams means lots of ownership
Lot of intelligent people around. You can learn about high concurrent system, scaling and it's troubleshooting. It is truly customer obsession company but not an employee one. Lots of project. Pay is decent.
Great people and culture and they used to have a really high hiring bar..
if you want to work for Amazon, work as a contractor. You will be treated a lot better then if you were a full time employee.
Good benefits, leadership training was good
Pay its decent, but doesn't match work expected.
Compensation, stocks, diverse learning environments. I've been at Amazon for more than 4 years now and can honestly say I've dealt with every possible scenario a TPM could deal with. My teams have always had smart, motivated individuals who are also team players.
Short work weeks, 3 and 4 12hr days, rest of week off, longer weekends. Good pay and benefits. Good people to work with. Training and Advancement opportunity. Transfer opportunities.
Salary, time off, freedom to change processes, movement up
Career opportunity is endless. You can go as far as you can push yourself to go. Great benefits. Amazon cares about their employees unlike most companies i've worked with.
Develops your leadership skills and ownership. Good technology, smart people.
Pay was steady, full time, easy hiring process.
Lots of Responsibility True Ownership You will grow a backbone Decent pay
Insurance is awesome and that's it
Other companies think AWS's products are cool and innovative. Thus they assume AWS engineers must be high-quality, which facilitates the job search :).
Flexible start and end times.
Amazon provides unique opportunities for people to solve complex problem in a very fast-paced environment.
Lots of opportunity for growth at a well known company. There is plenty of room for innovation and discovery, as well as personal development.
Salary, flex time, and bonuses
Benefits. If you hire on with Amazon directly you receive benefits from almost day one.
Flexible work hours and the ability to act "independently" while maintaining service level requirements set forth from remote management is good. Experience gained was well worth the time invested.
well known company, one can learn a lot
Good pay and the work is always interesting. There are high expectations on everyone, which means added accountability even at lower levels.
The pay is good considering its a work force. the job is simple and the managers are not bad. the benefits meet the level of the job. Nice job if you do not have any diploma beside high school
I was fortunate enough to get hired on as a full time employee at the start-up stage of a local Amazon warehouse. Such an opportunity is rare. Typically, employees start off as temporary workers, who must earn a permanent status over time. This is perhaps the best warehouse position on the planet at the moment, its warehouse was even air conditioned. State-of-the-art technology and efficiency practices are in play.
I had great leaders who empowered me to take ownership over my space and drive the direction. The team of engineers and designers I worked with were sharp, had a strong sense of ownership and advocated for the customer.
you will have the chances to collaborate with lots of teams, since it's a service oriented architecture company. Quickly, you will learn the way to work with others to get things done. Very supportive team environment, have channels to get support from various levels
It is a great place to work as it gives you a good exposure to higher levels.
Pay well get exercise alot ...vto is the greatest thing amazon ever made
Most projects are very interesting.
Ships a lot in a really short time. Leading the way in digital media. Amazon talks a lot about it "still being day one" in that there is a lot of opportunity in the space they are in. That definitely is true. I got lucky with my team for work-life balance. Compared to a lot of others, I have a pretty sane work life.
Was a good company to get things done. Business grew fast, and everyone contributed to that.
No Pros, left hand does know what the right hand is doing. Blame when things go wrong rolls down hill. Lazy and uncaring Management. Very disjointed compay
The money is decent and the hours are okay. You might also get in shape.
The upper management at my site is great and really work to help you grow. There are many challenges and a ton of smart people to help you figure it out.
The best part of working at Amazon was the large amount of responsibility I was given, with very little micro-management.
Promote from within if that is your cup of tea. Compensation is average. This is something for people who just want the average corporate job.
Stock Options, 401K, Yearly raises, decent medical benefits
Amazon is faced paced. You are working with some amazing customers doing amazing things with technology and you are in the thick of it every day
Nice people, smart people from all over the world! We are creating world class product every day!
Exciting, high-profile and innovative work. A culture of work hard and play hard (when you get the chance). There is a definite divide between the engineering ("professionall") staff and support/administrative staff. Long hours, The best part of the culture is having dogs in the office.
High ownership at job. I like it. Some don't. This might mean that you get to do/have to do the work of 5 different roles. Pay is good. Easy to change roles across the company
I was on a good team. I had regular 1:1 meetings with my manager. They provided subsidized housing for the duration of the internship. Good pay. You can move fairly easily within the company, so if you don't like your manager or are not interested in your current work you can apply for other positions fairly easily.
Fast iterations and get job done in amazing speed Solving cutting edge problems general to all online services
Pay is good . Work is challenging
Be a mini GC. You get a lot of responsibility and, depending on the role, can become a true generalist. Other companies will love to have you.
Great opportunity to influence change in an exciting company. Highly talented and motivated individuals as peers and leaders. You're given three days off every week.
Great place to grow your career. Great work life balance.
The people are fantastic. Fast moving and open environment. The company caters to its SDEs and knows that they are where the rubber meets the road. Close work with the business to understand their needs and the customer's needs. Everyone is moving in the right direction.
Great compensation, dogs at work, challenging work
Amazon hires really smart people and you will learn a lot really fast. You can also grow fast if you are willing to risk your personal/family life for a few years to get there. If you are money hungry and will do anything for money, this is a great place for you as the money will come. FYI The glassdoor comments are true. Please read. It is not disgruntle employees that write these reviews. Its real people trying to give you the real truth so you can make an informed decision.
Challenging. Work with smart people. Lots of data to check yourself on decisions.
Dynamic and fast paced environment. Great Associates. Awesome customer focus and extensive automated tools to aid individual and group tasks. World class facilities.
Most intelligent group of people I have ever worked with. Great Pay. Challenging and creative work. New ideas everyday. And if you are a workaholic this is a workaholic's paradise!
Best people in terms of skills Benefits are average
fast paced, a lot of technology used, can be rewarding, OT usually available, work hard play hard mentality but usually just more work hard. Awarded stock but two year waiting period to vest. Benefits day one. Can advance if a go getter and management likes you.
Bonus Career growth Location Ability to transfer within teams
You get to work from home, supervisors are great and there is great support from management.
Can learn a lot from this company.
The RSU's. The smooth-as-glass, impressive recruiting process.
Decent pay. 11.50 per hour at night and a dollar less during the day. You do have opportunity for advancement but it gets harder without a degree. Also, annual pay raises and after 2 years you receive annual stock which you can sell for decent cash. Also decent health insurance and the best dental I've ever seen.
Customer service is very important to Amazon. They are very productive and is willing to do whatever to get the job done.
Amazon is a resume-maker, make no doubt about it. Within months of having updated my LinkedIn profile, I had recruiters from Google, Microsoft, Apple, and others reaching out (I ended up interviewing at several and jumping ship to Microsoft). I'm sure this is partly due to fact of Amazon's reputation as being not the most pleasant place to work (so its employees are receptive to an 'out' more than some others) and because they are known to have a high bar for hiring..  It's also full of very smart people (though many of them are not nearly as smart as they *think* they are) and you get to work on big, challenging problems.  Lastly, their publicly professed focus on the customer is absolutely legitimate. It was great to see how they approached this from the inside as it's something I think Amazon gets uniquely right in the tech industry.
My experience has been positive. The overall principles of the company and its leadership are a perfect match for my own.
Steady paycheck and you are always allowed at least 40hr per week
Get the chance to work with a tonne of very smart people
Great place to work Really flexible with school accommodation
In most places challenging problems with motivated and competent colleagues working toward the common goal of making the most customer centric company in the world. Good rewards for implementing good ideas quickly. Culture encourages collaboration and access to intellectual resources. Competitive benefits with stock grants that reward pay for performance. The pace is usually exhilarating
40hrs a week great benefits..
- pay and bonus are good - try to hire the best - dogs in the office - casual work environment
Understanding of how the company works and why it has been so successful. The processes and structure of the organization are outstanding and everything really does operate around delivering the customer.
Launch fast, smart people, great salary.
Can learn a lot. And own what you do.
Lots of growth and opportunities
very supportive atmosphere here in this office
Fun technology, cool problems, major impact.
Training Casual environment Fun, Friendly People Good Leadership
Good pay and benefits with job growth potential.
Good tech, good product, smart teammembers
If you are unable to afford a higher education, this job may be great for you. Pay is better than your typical fast food joint, but don't expect to be treated any better.
Getting into Amazon is like a dream come true. Exposure to other technologies.
lots to learn, and learn it quick you will. constant feedback will help you improve. I reccommend this for recent gradudates.
Talented peers Genuinely nice people Large scale projects Opportunity to make change happen Nice campus Good benefits package On site cafeterias at HQ
You get to learn a lot and if you have a great manager, your job will be easier.
You are empowered to have a direct impact on customers and the business. The Sr. leadership team is generally excellent, however, there are a few exceptions that somehow made it past the hiring bar.
Decent pay and benefits. The 4 day work week and occasional overtime was nice. They dangle stock in front of you, but no-one stays long enough to get it. Break rooms decent.
Full of smart people - great support Projects are cutting edge You get training in all of the internal development software
Fast paced Hungry to innovate Ambitious Independence and Ownership
Compensation is good for a new graduate. The organization is clear so that everyone 's accomplishment is available to others. Managers sometimes are good resources to learn.
working at amazon you can learn a lot in a short period of time, they help trained you for new positions and they are dedicated when it comes to training. Amazon lets you know what you have to do before you do it. schedules are on point, and the directions are very clear.
The engineers are generally quite good.
the company has very nice software tools that ease our day to day work. The coworkers have good technical background, and one can learn whatever they want easily.
Amazon maintains a very high-bar for performance, which means employees are incredibly intelligent and driven to build the best customer experience possible. Amazon also runs particularly lean so there is a tremendous amount of responsibility and business given right off the bat.
They make it fun, snacks, games, etc. to maintain morale.
Brand Name, Salary, Smart People, HIgh hiring bar
I get a paycheck but its really looking like I will leave after my vesting.
I was an intern here for six months, and being surrounded by people from places like Stanford, Booth and Ivy League schools was a bit daunting at first, but you quickly learn that this company is not hierarchical at all. On the contrary, it's a launchpad for anyone hungry to grow in responsibility and experience, since there is always opportunity lying around just waiting to be seized.
Benefits are really good. Pay is not the greatest but most people don't work there to make it a career anyway.
i worked for SMX and I got converted to amazon at CVG3 in kentucky. People were aswome to work with, and the pay was pretty good. time off was semi convient. and if you were amazon blue badge you got what they call vcp pay, which is at the end of the month your second pay check.
Very engaging, fast paced environment.
It's Amazon! In general, they pay well - especially if you are in a management position. Moving up is easy if you are willing to put in the work.
You can make decent money during the peak season.
Smart people who take ownership. Managers who don't get in the way and are above average. In general, you'll learn quite a bit.
I have been at amazon for much less than a year. During my first review period, only 6 months in, I received a raise.
Fast-paced, apart of something big, casual attire. Depends on your manager & department, it can be wonderful or awful. SLU is changing and growing, it's exciting to be apart of. Great pay! Stock can't be beat!
Amazon has invested a lot in the development infrastructure. There are a lot of tools in place to make writing and deploying code easier, the learning curve can be steep but they really do focus on getting developers to a place where they are adding value. The team you work on will really impact how much you work and how intense your on-call is but my team has very reasonable expectations. I never work more than 40 hours a week and our on-call is very mild. This is not true for all teams.
Innovative and past pace environment. Have true ownership of your work.
-Very smart managers -Always pushing the envelope
At Amazon, they have mostly good people and a good management team overall. It offers challenges and opportunities. They have a very fast paced environment with some cool tools with opportunities to make a difference.
1. Good pay at higher levels (SDE 3+) 2. Excellent range of opportunities - work from UI to the largest web services infrastructure in the world to machine learning to consumer products (Kindle).. If you get bored of one team, moving to another is straightforward. 3. High achievers are rewarded well 4. Super focused and competent senior management
You can bring your dog to work. Sadly that is the only good thing I can say about this company. You may meet some smart and amazing people, but not at the upper management level.
Well established company, with decent pay. They are always in need of people, easy to obtain job there. Some potential to move up within the company.
Co-workers Compensation/benefits Looks great on a resume
An openess to new ideas
Good exercise because I was working as a stower in one of the warehouses, putting books and dads on shelves. The rates increase over periods of time and it is very hard to make rate without cheating. This is because the rate is based on average rate of stowing so the more people cheat, the higher the rate goes up because you can put more books on shelves.
Smart people where you learn so much from. Great opportunities to grow .
Very methodical, very thorough. Appreciated the screening based on leadership principles. Process provides great overview of team. Bar raiser helps to strengthen character and reinforces confidence when the discussion goes well.
Very talented people all around you, ground breaking tech, tons of drive and innovation
I've worked at several large companies, and all have had some very good people (hard working, intelligent), but many that aren't so great. The lazy or slow witted don't survive long at Amazon, if they even get in the door. That is not to say that everyone is honorable, but people are universally bright and quick moving, and I find it energizing to be around very bright people. The corporate kool-aid is a flavor I like (customer obsession, restless continual striving). The technical problems you get to work on are difficult and big, and you are encouraged to think big and solve them in the right way. You are respected for delivering results, and encouraged to stand up for your point of view (if you have data to back it up).
Fast Paced Great Benefits Set Schedules Opportunities for Advancement Guaranteed 40 hrs
Work from home most of the time. Occasionally you'll find a high-value, in-demand book that reaps a decent profit, but this is offset by the devaluation of books already listed and/or scarcity of such books. The company does provide fairly good seller service.
Relatively good pay, stock bonuses, Orca card
working at amazon is better than starving in the rain fighting hobos and pigeon for cold bowls of bird soup.  working at Amazon is better than watching infomercials.
Resume builder, strong salary, are able to work remotely
* Peers  * Challenges in work  * Problem size
Pay and benefits are good and fair. They give decent bonuses too. There's decent job security due to the companies rapid growth and a wide variety of jobs to choose from. Office culture is laid-back and fairly relaxed for an office work environment.
Generally a culture obsessed with making things, and quickly. They are one of the largest ship-it-and-iterate technology companies. Customer focus is taken very seriously. I've met some great people here.
Working four days a week.
Catered food during the first week Small sort center Great pay and benefits if you're young and inexperienced
Amazon has great benefits and a four day work week, unless Voluntary?mandatory is called. As a Full time blue badge associate you receive Paid time off, unpaid time, and vacation time. You also receive stock that vests after TWO years and a monthly bonus based on certain performance factors. Open to suggestions for improving processes
interesting people to work with challenging problems
You will find opportunities here, if you work hard. You also get to learn lots of technical skills, across various areas. Working hour is flexible in my team (it may vary in different team), in the sense that you don't have to get to work at early morning, and you can freely WFH if you like, given that you finish your work.
A lot of new stuffs to work on, a lot of challenge to face. Less red tape.
Some very smart people work here. It is not hard to find challenging and interesting tasks. Great place to learn. If you work hard, smart, and long, you can really get ahead
Smart people Technically challenging work You can see the impact of your work very directly Relatively low politics, data-driven decisions Good place to learn SOA, Cloud Computing, Machine Learning
job ..getting a pay check
Very fast paced. Good Benefits. Decent start off pay with $0.55 increase every 6months Always able to get extra hours in for a bigger paycheck. There are a lot of different things to do if you have a willing mind to learn. Very innovative, strive towards greatness
3 days off Changing work environment
They build data centers in a very fact pace but speaking of any innovation or new technology, I have to say is non-existent.
- Stability. In a year and one-half, I've never worked less than forty hours. - Variety. Amazon offers the opportunity to work in almost aspect of the business, from receiving to shipping. - Overtime. On average, our facility offers fifty hour weeks, for those that want it. - Schedule. Four ten hour days, three days off. - Shifts. The opportunity to change shifts as your schedule deems fit. - Leadership. Through the Ambassador program, Amazon offers entry level 'leadership skills', welcoming new associates into the company/dept. - Workload. The amount of work week to week 'weeds out' unproductive workers, most of the time. - Technology and Efficiency. Amazon has streamlined the processes where almost anyone can succeed at their job. Its almost (almost) stupid proof, and usually easily correctable when a mistake is made. - Benefits. Very cheap and start almost immediately after hire date. - Opportunity. Amazon offers the opportunity to open new facilities around the country. They will pay your travel, lodging, meals and overtime pay for the duration of your assignment. This is also your best option for promotion. Amazon offers an attractive compensation package that pays for moving expenses to open new facilities.
if you really need a job, their pay is above some places
Many people complain about the crazy hours, but Amazon is a fast paced company and for those who love that it's exciting! Everyday is something new and I love it. Love my job everyday.
Fast paced environment, lots of responsibility, ability to learn the basics and develop.
Decent benefits, pay, time-off. The schedule's great (four 10 hour shifts). The job is incredibly easy.
Fast growing company cloud technologies
Great place to be challenged, work hard and grow.
It offers employees interesting projects and data oriented company.
Mentor was friendly and colleagues were supportive
very employee customer centric, with allot of opportunities.
It is the very good place to work at and will have the most knowledge to learn
easy job, fun environment, monthly bonuses
If you need a job, seasonal work at Amazon is a viable option. Although people tend to poorly review Amazon, I believe the reason people dislike Amazon is because of the demanding pace and vast amount of walking. Buy some comfortable shoes, eat healthy foods, and drink lots of water, and Amazon is not so hard. I personally enjoy challenging work and breaking a sweat, and Amazon is a great place for those with work ethic.
Some of the other workers that I met there were very likable. The work pace is fast and conducive to performance.
-No ceiling on the amount of responsibility you can take on as a individual contributor or manager -Smart people -Easy to change teams/functions and stay within the company -Product managers have the freedom to do the right thing for the customer regardless of the impact on short term revenue
There are some very smart people working here and the company really does have a customer obsession. The offering is way ahead and is really enabling businesses. It is great to work to sell a service that is 100% in the customers best interest - this fact alone keeps me here. It is currently the strongest offering in the market and is the leader of the Gartner MQ.
Customer obsessed company with a focus on the ultra-long term Competitive compensation for high performers High rate of learning from smart peers and leaders Ability to take risks on a large scale Engineering and product innovation challenges Ownership over roadmap and strategy even at junior levels
we are constantly changing our processes to find better ways to ship customer orders
Good name on your CV. Bright people. Mediocre management.
There are many innovative projects being implemented so you have the opportunity to be involved in something new, exciting. It is common to move around and work in different groups, which is great for personal development. You are mostly surrounded by smart, driven people.
Punctual, Hard work,Determination to reach the goal ,Faster, Accurate
Opportunity to work on really big projects and high visibility (depending on the team) Most folks you work with are really smart You will learn a lot Flat organization - Less bureaucratic Fast paced environment Financial compensation is pretty good. (Negotiate hard if you clear the interview loop. Of course, be smart about it.)
Customer obsession is the No 1 value
Knowledge growth is very good. You learn a lot about leadership principles and how to manage people. Benefits and 401k compensation is good.
good start point company keeps growing
Great company to work for, absolutely love the position and opportunities!
1. cool peers and open-minded seniors to work with 2. unique culture in terms of leadership principles to set clear benchmark of the role model 3. big name, respectable company for its innovation and customer obsession 4. standard works
You will never fall short of 40 hours a week Benefits Cool coworkers You will definitely get toned and maybe lose some weight You have 40 hours of unpaid and paid time off upon hire to use as you please
Obtaining leadership experience. Operations offers you a chance to lead a large group of people right out of MBA. Good oportunities to get into after finishing the program.
Benefits, Peers, Exposure, Training, Experience
Growing company, and a great place for experience in various fields
a lot of opportunities to work on fun stuff with celever peopler
not good for experienced sdes, the sdes in some team are not well appreciated.
Depending on your group, you could be working on some amazing world-changing technology that is used by millions of people around the world. If you can handle the pressures and stresses and breakneck pace, you might even be rewarded for it.
The work is varied, and there are so many different teams to work on at Amazon. There are however expectations of working late hours, and owning the product you're working on.
There is flexibility and very affordable benefits available for employees. It can be exciting getting caught up in the changes and product releases.
I enjoyed working here! Started the day they opened!
Great pay and lots of learning of supply chain techniques
Highly Innovative and customer focused culture
Everybody is so friendly and dedicated to what they do.
The pay: the base salary is good and the sign on bonus was great. Some of the people were really great to work with.
Amazon is widely seen as one of few companies that are actively innovating. An Amazon.com stint on your resume can open some doors that might otherwise remain closed to you.  Amazon stock has done amazingly well over the past few years and Amazon is a big believer in paying with stock, with one of the lowest base salary caps in the industry.  As a development manager, I had more authority over my team's processes, the hiring process, the review process, etc., than I had at most of the other companies I've worked for. This can be good or bad, depending on the quality of the individual manager.
Intelligent people, innovative environment, great technology
good company to work with
Very talented and professional engineers. Interesting problems to solve. Good relocation and hiring bonus, decent base salary. It will be a learning experience, no matter what your background is. Strong company culture and good team spirit.
Smart people, challenging projects, developer centered. But you have to believe in owning your own quality (because you carry pagers)
Lot of exciting work goes on at Amazon. Good opportunities are there but you have to be lucky to be given them. Salary is acceptable.
A great and exciting concept with decent pay!
Easy job, decent pay, nice management
Pay is decent for someone without a degree. Guarenteed Full time job. You can lose a lot of weight. If you work hard and show responsibility there are a few ways you can take tiny baby steps toward a higher paying job.
Health benefits, promotions, stock options
Smart coworkers, Interesting Problems, Highly impactful work
Amazon provides competitive pay and you're surrounded by intelligent people. Even if you're not always interested in the space you're working in the problems are still quite interesting, many times simply because of the scale. Amazon also has a strong mentor program which is a great way to expand connection and skills.
Decent pay for extra money. Great around Christmas time.
- loved the challenges and ownership - believe in the leadership principles - recognition for good work - opportunity to rotate to different groups
Fast paced environment, smart folks,
Prestige… if you land in an interesting department you might be on something cutting edge.
Great place to learn lots of things
fair compensation, nice location, good business
You work alone, at your own pace... almost. This is speaking as a Picker, you get to know about interesting stuff as well because of the diversity of items you see. Prepare to walk, a lot.
Great benefits, opportunity for personal growth and advancement
Smart people Generally good technology  You will work with very smart and driven people. AWS is a huge market leader and is very useful to startup, small, and medium size companies. Enterprises are the current target and if public cloud takes off could transform Amazon to a top software company.
Smart people, good managers, very good customer focus which drives all business decisions and helps to innovate. Many good development tools which remove burden. However, since Amazon is big, this hugely varies between different departments and teams so be careful where you go.
The pay isn't bad, they start off at 11.50 part time. They pay a substantial amount of tuition if you are in school or plan on going to school, the most i've ever heard a company would pay.
great people. great tasks. a perfect place to master technical skills
free pizza weekly, some good co-workers that want to do a good job but get bogged down in sending crappy candidates just for numbers stake not because they remotely meet the bar for the role.
Great place to work if you have the right boss and things align well for you. There is no shortage of opportunity to get involved in pretty cool projects and if you like a high pace of change this is a great place to dive in and make a difference.
The company has great benefits and pay. A friendly environment and room to advance.
The money is great. There is ample times for self fulfillment.
I'm working at AWS. The system is well made but also it's complicated enough to let you spend your time only to learn it for a year long.
- Many opportunities - Productivity is embraced - Agile processes carefully guide each project to measurable success
40 hours or more during peak
The best part for me, being somewhat limited in movement, was the ability to set up a home office. Amazon provided phone equipment and full paid training.
The pay for managers is higher than competitors, good benefits.
work hard, have fun make history
it was a pretty good job. didnt really hav e a problem with it. i would do it again. Great opportunity.
health, dental, vision benefits 4 days work, 3 days off (depending on shift) monthly bonus (varies by warehouse)
Learn a lot of new skills and work with bleeding edge technology.
Schedule is a plus (4-10's) Company growth.
You have lots of great coworkers. The pay is nice. You get to learn a lot. Amazon is a good company to work for. You get to meet a lot of great, intelligent people. While the job is stressful, it's worth it.
Great company culture with lots of extremely qualified and smart people, flexible working hours (if you want to work more, you get more if you don't you don't, but you may get stuck in your position), work is interesting, and good location (Seattle).
1. People are motivated and friendly 2. Projects are interesting
Super-Smart passionate people around you.
Good technology, large scale, a lot of technical problems to solve, you will learn a lot
Smart Hiring Managers Awesome Technology driven projects to sell to prospective candidates Company has a great reputation with their customers. Almost all candidates have been customers at one time or another.
Great experience at learning range of technologies from backend servers, to scripting, to front end website development.
The products sound still good. Stocks are still good compared to some other companies.
The pay is decent that is literally the only plus
Amazing team of experts they are not afraid to give criticism Hold designers to high standards
Great work environment, strong safety culture
Good career opportunity, motivating and great place to work
Fast pace, Positive attitude of entire staff
Great overall experience. Was able to work with very smart poeple
- Leadership principles that one learns at Amazon can be very helpful for he career, and even in life. - **If** you are int the right team, you can have the opportunity to do some really god work.
Fast paced, customer driving, smart coworker, cutting edge technology
Fast-growing company Smart coworkers, ability to launch new businesses very fast and efficiently
If you are on the right team, you don't mind coming to work. It really depends where in Amazon you are and who you report to. Moving to different roles within Amazon is not only supported, but encouraged. Although you can stay in your role for a few years if you like it, you have the option to move after a year if you don't and internal hires are generally put ahead. Internal networking is encouraged (during work hours) which really sets everyone up for success. Nice campus. Plenty of businesses within walking distance (restaurants/lounges, workout studios, coffee, whole foods, drugstore).
good work with good salary and benefits
Worked in a team environment to complete timely loading and departure of trailers. This was a challenging position which used full resources of my knowledge plus encouraged me to learn new skills.
Great people, Fair, Listens to Employees, Values Employee Opinions
1. Amazing company, with strong innovative CEO. 2. Company is positioned for long-term growth and uses stock options to help you have ownership with the company 3. Leadership opportunities are available everywhere and you will be surrounded by talented people 4. Advancement opportunities are also based entirely on merit so office politics is very downplayed
I like the fast pace work environment and casual work place setting. Amazon also provides everyone with an opportunity to have an impact on process improvement by submitting ideas and participating in JDI's, PDCAs, and kaizens.
You're surrounded by bright, creative people, from diverse backgrounds. Truly a global company, focused on hiring the best candidates from around the world. All-hands meetings teach you about various areas of the business, and the CEO always shares bits of wisdom, followed by open, virtually anything goes, Q&A. Great stock benefits, if you can hold out through year 3. Open environment where constructive criticism is valued. You're typically empowered to run your own space.
Fast paced, good pay, competitive
Lots of diversity in tech to pursue Downtown Seattle Location Dogs in the work place Potential big rewards as the stock price increases
At higher levels the compensation is good. The campus location is urban. You are around, generally speaking, many bright well intentioned people.
- Fast paced environment. - Meritocracy. - Really rigorous work.
great city, the office is very nice, interviewers are pretty nice and patient
- Compensation is great, with competitive salaries and solid stock options - Exciting to be part of a company that's high-profile and genuinely cutting edge - Great location in SLU - Fun, interesting co-workers
Good mix of newbies, moderate and senior engineers. Excellent work culture. Great satisfaction of impacting millions of users
Get to learn a lot about Amazon, its scale. Culture is great. hectic but exciting nontheless. I love the empowerment and just do it attitude. Little bureaucracy that I have to deal with and certainly a lot less process and other non value added work
You can use cutting-edge technology at AWS. You will have a great insight of many services at AWS. Amazon is a good start point for young professionals.
Decent pay for what you do.
* Lots of freedom * Lots of ability to influence the business * Only bounds on what you do are you * Nobody says "no", the ethos is "just do it" * Exposure to lots of interesting problems * Builder culture * Good practice for creating your own company
Good pay and benefits. Various cultures of employees, cross training in other jobs around the warehouse
Good pay, bonus and stock options. Co is standard work focus and has great leadership principles. I believe in the company's future and innovation to change and become better and better.
- Get to work with smart people - Company is loved by customers and its products are used by millions
Great location. cool projects
Mostly strong peer group dedicated to doing whatever it takes to get the job done. Good ability to impact business and make change. Usually little in the way of progress. The agenda is full and exciting.
Great place to grow your career, lots of intelligent people to work with, and managers are usually very reasonable and considering. Not much politics at all. And of course CEO is the top notch one with great vision.
friends, friends, and more friends
The staff is very friendly towards one another, management can be okay, i understand that at the end of the day they have someone to answer to as well.
Great work from home program. Management is awesome. Growth within the company is always encouraged
Diversity, interesting problems/challenges to solve, agility, many opportunities in various fields.
+ "Customer centric" is an understatement + Innovation (AWS, Kindle, Instant Video, etc...) + Freedom to move around and work for various teams and organizations + Amazing development, build, and deployment tools. + Countless new projects and the freedom to make a huge impact. + Smart people
I love working here. People on the night shift are awesome, hours kind of are a drag but the pay, benefits and bonus helps level that out. I am thankful for my place in Amazon but would love to be able to do more for Amazon than allowed. To be honest, in some positions the pay far exceeds the job requirements and that has a benefit most jobs can not provide. Love that!
The perks, benefits, games/food in kitchen.
-Learn some of the best techniques in the business -Operationally in the forefront of distribution, fulfillment, logistics -Best systematic processes there are -Compensation is above average, especially if you are around long enough to get stock
love everything about working at amazon
4 day work week, nice break areas, rf scanners are nice, building is new and not very dusty.
Bring your dog to work, good pay, ownership of projects from beginning to end.
Always stayed busy and kept myself occupied
Good comp, great people. Great Place to work.
Fast growing business, vast horizon of technologies and verticals
Smart people, Lots of learning.
Steady job, good people & your free to make your own choices.
Amazing learning experience, have never accomplished so much. A white collar boot camp. Work with incredibly talented people on interesting projects. After working here will be much more effective and efficient in any future role. Focus on customer is absolutely true and permeates every aspect of the company.
At Amazon, you have tons of opportunity, are well compensated. Strong people who thrive in this type of environment can do very very well.
Smart people, Will learn a lot, Good company and culture frameworks
space for innovation and learning. love to work with smart people around
Pros are that the job at amazon.com's fulfillment centers are physical and you can get into shape while also working. I have lost 70 lbs in one year of picking. Plus the pay is enough to keep you content. The hours are long but at least the max you can work is 5 days a week.
Fast paced environment, Smart people
Flexible hours on most teams. Lots of ownership. Little or no micro-management. Convenient location in Seattle. Fun, interesting work.
advanced architecture. lots of cool things for junior engineers to learn.
No need to be formal and be stressed. They asked mostly programming, data structures and algorithms. Practice whiteboard programming.
I would not suggest anyone to work for Amazon unless you want to be treated badly.
Extra few cents, for working overnight. ($13.00/hr)
Big companies can have advanages
Pay. Nothing else was pleasant there.
Latest technology, clean working environment, cool and smart people to work with
Working for a company that genuinely puts customers first, and doesn't care about profits is fantastic. Plus, you can bring your dog to work.
I've learned more in my first year hear than I did in all of college. To top it off you get to live in one of the best cities in the United States.
Benefits: several health insurance options to choose from, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, health savings plan, long-term / short-term disability, life insurance, supplemental life insurance, and there is also some options for mental health and counseling services. In addition to the benefits, there is always plenty of overtime available. Both voluntary and mandatory.
There are some opportunities to move up.
Money, all year round, and you push yourself to the limit*
you get to work with very smart and fun people.
Free food for are hard work during peak. The Amazon managers treat me better than most people and temp coaches. I'm happy to still have a job after five months of being there. It's hard work but you always hear good and bad feedback which I like to hear. Managers acknowledge concerns. Integrity staffing is ok with approving time quickly.
Good pay, fast pace, opportunity to succeed if you have the drive for it.
Develop tough skin and learn to work at all hours.
Room to implement change, good atmosphere, data driven, strong culture
Good work in the software development and validation field
it has a big job opportunity and benefits .
There are no good reasons to work at Amazon after being employed by them. It's all hype to drag in slaves....
HIres good leaders and managers.
Learn a lot and work with the best talents
The best part about working for Amazon is telling people you work for Amazon.
tons of learning opportunities here
Salary, Colleagues, Critical Thinking, Forward Looking Company
--> Culture & Leadership Principles - The Amazon Leadership Principles are not a mission statement that was developed and then forgotten. We live and die by these principles and they drive our culture... and the culture is pretty great! --> Work with super smart, very talented people --> Great Global Brand --> Jeff Bezos/CEO - Having such a strong CEO is invaluable. He is a genius! --> Bring your dog to work --> Business who is truly partnered (in most cases) with recruiting. Recruiters are not order takers - we are a part of our business and our experience/knowledge in our field is valued. --> You're Never Bored --> Fast Paced - makes things exciting and you always feel like the ball is moving forward --> Ability to move fast - low bureaucracy --> Impact - everyone has the ability to make a big impact on their team, their org, and even Amazon as a whole. --> Mistakes are ok - just learn from them and own them
Great Pay, Mentor-ship driven departments, dress code flexibility and laid back management as long as you are getting your work done.
Pay decent, golden handcuffs decent.
Freedom to do things your own way, whether its the project at hand, your attire, when you come into work, you name it. Pretty flat hierarchy from what I can tell, but I was only there for three months and I have no idea if there is any bureaucracy higher up, I was able to attend and even contribute to a number of decisive meetings with the team.
Great independence for driving your business
Great pay. Good signing bonus and stock options.
Good pay for entry level position, Amazing benefits that begin on hire date. Holiday time and pay included.
Time off with pay was a good thing to have
Great benefits and an interesting environment,
Visionary leadership from Bezos, that is maintaining the 25-35% growth rates in a $65BN company. Opportunities for movement within the company, and a very talented workforce across the board
The benefits are pretty good but this place is probably the reason you'll need them
4-10s schedule, good opportunities to move around and for advancement for hard workers, learning opportunities, benefits
Amazon is a great brand and has a loyal and growing customer base. There are very few companies like Amazon that ALWAYS insist on the highest standards and have their core tenets/leadership principles ingrained in everyone's DNA. You will learn a ton - i've been here less than a year and have a great handle on Retail, Marketing, Operations and the industry. Function of working 12-14 hours a day. Despite the long hours, every hour is very intense - another difference when comparing to other tech titans. Amazon is a great platform to learn some great things, make an impact and leave for greener pastures.
* Some of the smartest people I've ever worked with. * Decent medical/dental benefits. * Stock grants (instead of options)
- Fast paced, lots to do. - Top of the line tech, hone your design and implementation skills.
Simple web surveys and testing provide you with real money. With a lot of work, new qualifications open up that allow for greater compensation.
No commute- Save money on gas and parking Work in your pajamas. Great employee benefits: 401k, shares of stock, medical/dental, PTO, vacation time Quarterly bonus for metrics
High hiring bar and the bar is raised all the time. Keeps the company moving forward. You have the freedom to experiment and challenge existing practices, just bring data. Great executive team. They dive deep and challenge you. Make sure you are prepared.
Innovative company. I feel inspired by the disruptive nature that the AWS suite of services is accomplishing. Customers are great to work with, most of the service teams are very helpful and will listen and act upon feedback. All teams except sales are collabor.
Pay and benefits are OK 12.50-13.50 to start in the warehouse as a general laborer.
Intelligent, helpful colleagues. There was not one person there whom I disliked working with.  Excellent hardware provisioning and IT support. I was all setup within a day.  Contemporary building. Good local dining, daycare, petcare... It would be easy to get an apartment nearby and live within walking distance of all necessities.  Nice (easy to update) wiki.  Standard best practices envisioned in the training documentation.  Great opportunities to advance rapidly. If you can tolerate the outrageous inefficiencies and disarray of Amazon, the employee churn alone will advance you quickly.  Alluring sign on bonuses - up to (possibly beyond) double your salary.  Company outlook is good. Amazon has top-notch customer service. They have mastered logistics and they are a logistics company, not a technology company.
Amazon does an excellent job at hiring talent out of college and the onboarding process makes you feel like a part of the company and a bigger team.
Above average pay for warehousing work. Average Medical
Above average pay for warehousing work. Average Medical
a lot of over time hours
Amazon is a place where people are encouraged to look for challenges to step up to. If you're hungry and nail these opportunities, there's always more, bigger ones to keep knocking down. Top talent at Amazon is rewarded extremely well. Everybody here is scary smart. The brightest can rise fast. As far as software companies go, Amazon is definitely top tier. Our technology is unbelievable, and you won't believe some of the awesome stuff we're working on.
- Work with smart, driven colleagues - Laid back dress code - Company name
The company has good vision and good management. The work condition is very good and the company is overal very focused
Break rooms are nice, pay is weekly so that is nice, co workers are nice as well.
You can get to learn a lot at Amazon. You have a good learning opportunity. You have work from home option and good benefits as well.
Great people to work with
Challenging tasks. Sharp people to work with. You will always be on your toes.
Health insurance is pretty good and the pay is decent but not really if you compare it to other places
Lots of smart people to work with. Interesting and hard problems to solve. Lots of opportunities to simplify and innovate.
Great place to work - Do great stuff in every field - technology, business, processes and leadership.
At a given point, there are many good engineers there to learn from. They typically leave within a year, but at least they're usually replaced by other good engineers.
Great healthcare benefits and package.
The stock is not bad, I guess. And you can say, I'm working at Amazon.
Great Health Benefits. I work with amazing people that want to do their best.
Amazing challenges, problems to solve and people to work with. Amazon is a top notch group of people. Best part is getting to use all the different AWS technologies and being able to experiment.
- they are doing good, cutting edge work in technology
40 hour weeks, Paid Personal Time, Voluntary overtime offered at times, Mandatory 60 hour weeks from Black Friday To December 23rd.
Industry-leading scale. Amazon builds and operates some of the largest computing systems in the world.
Amazon is a very innovative and progressive company. Amazon values employees who are motivated and exceed expectations. There is a large potential for promotion, Amazon is growing at an incredible rate
Decent pay for the work, met great people . Great company
- Compensation - Career building resume addition - If you land with the right team, it can be an incredible experience - Work from home - PTO - Scale
Not that I could find out as compared to any other tech giant I have worked for. Every company has techies, so does this company have. Perks are not that great
Benefits, pay (could be better though), perks (could be better though), for me the hours.
benefits, good pay, work from home
benefits by far the biggest pro. stocks, insurance, attendance policy, low stress, what else can I say
- A lot of work related opportunities - A lot of smart people around - A lot of things to learn
3 12 hour days, nice people
Here are the positives... <this space intentionally left blank>
Big company with opportunity for growth and advancement. The team I was in was probably one of the worst company wide. My young uneducated manager kid from Texas was not familiar or interested in cultivating and empowering his staff, Being more concerned with his own performance stats,he preferred scare tactics and scare tactics to make you do your job. I didn't like it.... But you might!
Great compensation and housing. A lot of responsibility, and full access to a very knowledgable mentor.
Benifets, the people, the fast pace environment great start off pay
Analytic, Fast Growing, Good pay
- Fantastic Growth Potential. - AMZN is doing things that no other company is doing. - Great relocation package if you're willing to move to Seattle. - Stock compensation is fantastic. - Gives you the warm and fuzzies to have been part of a company that sets the bar/changes the world/is at the forefront of technology and knows that boundaries have to be pushed and broken in order to innovate. - So much innovation. - Practically limitless strong technical resources at your fingertips.
Healthy, fast paced days fly by, you can learn a lot if you want to, very clean environment, benefits are awesome, people are very nice to work with. They do a pretty good job about promoting the best candidates.
new technology and stuff. SDE are really good. High hiring bar.
Working with smart people, your decision matters. It definitely would be a great experience for those either a data savvy or eager to get exposure to big data.
Awesome environment and competitive people all around
Many, you can try new things, you'll learn new things about yourself and your limits.
Small teams Smart senior people Market leader in products
their Benefits are good, the regular associates are good people, the assistant managers are the hardest working part of the management team.
High degree of creativity allowed. High degree of independence to complete work.
Good relationships with fellow employees
Tremendously smart, capable well intentioned people.
Challenging.Peer quality is excellent. Performance is the only key to growth & survival.
Lot of internal opportunities with the company
Very upfront about expectations. Things move very fast. Amazon places a lot of emphasis on promoting from within. If you want to advance in ranks, there is definitely opportunity to do so. You have to make an effort though and let the right people know that you are interested in growth and opportunity.
You are given the ability to think and voice your opinions freely. Everyone around you is extremely talented and very intelligent
Located in Seattle.  Uses a wide range of different technologies which gives you opportunities to learn in the area of your choice.  Co-workers and fellow employees are great.  Company itself is extremely successful.  Total comp is normally good (see exceptions below).
Amazing opportunity for growth, Personally and Professionally. Stable and Growing company with a lot to offer if you are willing to move with the company.
Being a part of a rapidly growing ecommerce giant constantly expanding into new businesses and geographies around the world. Also- they allow dogs at work! Lots of opportunities to move to different parts of the business.
Great on your resume, flexible hours and all resources needed available.
nice team work and training
it has great preople basses they will help you out in anyway.
Loved it treated me nice. The people I worked with were also nice. Work wasn't too tough. Good benefits.
Great pay, lots of potential to move up within the company.
A company-wide focus on delivering the best possible customer experience is almost impossible to beat for UX designers.
If you are a SDE the company will do their best to keep you. Value of RSUs increasing.
Health benefits, great coworkers that make your time got by faster
You meet different people and everyone is interesting. Passionate and rising company. Great employers and great environment. Huge company though
If you need a job that is easy to get and pays more than minimum wage go to Amazon,
the only good thing about being full time is having alot of time they give you to take off when ever you want the rest of the job sucks
You do have a job, and most jobs in a amazon fulfillment center are not that hard, but the constant pressure that is placed upon you to work harder literally makes life miserable for some.
decent pay, monthly bonus, paid vacation, paid time off.
CEO, Business strategies, Strong Vision and focus on Customer Experience
Casual work attire, Relaxed work environment, Quickly growing, Fast paced company. They have their hands dipped into many different pots and seem to be doing well in all of them.
The internal development tools are fantastic. It is a technology driven company where developers can help guide the roadmap.
Challenging environment, Good working culture
the benefits for the area are some of the best management does a good job of listening and trying to improve jobs great people very enjoyable
Big name, good exit opportunity, overall the environment is favorable
Projects in many every areas and technology.
Engaged leadership that motivates and helps
Great benefits, 401k, Medical, online discount. lots of personal time and vacation but goes quickly. There are some incentives, like win a free TV or IPAD.
When you work at Amazon, you are given the opportunity to make impactful business decisions from day one. An autonomous environment, where intelligent individuals can learn to grow a business through experience.
Solid Pay, Good Benefits, Opportunity for Growth
Work with smart people and on cool projects.
The pay was decent for that kind of job.
Fast paced, creative, tons of upward mobility, opportunities to move to other departments, great benefits, very progressive company, incredible downtown Seattle offices
AMZN stock has done well
improving products and services with some very smart colleagues
Challenging and interesting work, great sense of ownership. Amazon is doing great stuff and is a pleasure and pride to work there with some very intelligent people.
- Very customer focussed. Every project you work on will have direct impact to your customers. - You are generally the driver of any project - You can disprove your team mates if you have data-backed insights. Data is king inside the company. - Depending on the team, there is a lot of growth - Depending on the team, you will have awesome fun designing/developing code.
Working here is fast paced and always different from day to day. Even though it's a large corporation, it still feels like a small start up.
Some of the most talented people on the planet
Innovative, Strong Professional Development, many opportunities in several different career paths
Great benefits, Great Advancement oppertunities
- Highly analytical culture with decisions driven by data. - Culture is not very political. Delivering results is noticed and rewarded. - Roles tend to be broad in scope with a lot of ownership. - Decisions are generally made quickly.
You will learn a whole lot about doing technology at scale and you'll have the best tools and processes to support you along the way.
The Fishbowls where you can meet celebrities, bus pas, convenience of location.
40 hours at least for up to 4 days
Rapidly-growing company that's willing to try new methods and ideas. They encourage creativity, individuality, and moving to different teams to learn new things. Fun, exciting industry. Stock options and employee discount.
Environment is set up to be a self-started experience, and one can learn a lot about the business and technologies used.
Work is indoors in a climate controlled environment,not too hot or cold.Wages are above minimum Some benefits Overall, better than a poke in the eye with a burnt stick.
Pay arrives on time. Parking lot gets cleared of snow pretty well in winter time. They give you windbreaker things when you have to stand outside due to fire alarm in the winter.
Ability to have an impact. Big roles.
Numerous opportunities, growing company. Great place to work if you want experience in various fields. Innovative company, still operates like a startup
Love working here, great people. Fun Job!
Executive focus and engagement in programs is very motivating (and scary for some). No place to hide for under-performers, and super smart and motivated people. Clear accountabilities.
Given steady supply of interesting tasks, it is possible to learn a lot and earn a little cash while researching texts to be written for hire for a bonafide, fair taskmaster, or be amused/absorbed/edified by participating in university surveys, typically in cognitive, social, psychological, health, or political science topic area. It is easy to transfer one's accrued cash compensation out of the system to any bank account using an ACH transfer for free, once the account is hooked up and validated with mini deposits (also free).
lots of good people and interesting experience
good compensation (while stock is high), work with extremely smart people. for the most part, management is supportive of doing the right thing for the company, even if it's harder to accomplish
Many talented engineers, strong infrastructure and good leadership
New fun software, Customers are very diversified, procedures are detailed and work
Interesting work. Good pay. High profile products.
There are no pros for this type of employment. There is no future, no retirement, very little chance to advance unless you know someone. But everyone can't know someone!
- Amazing outlook with CEO as a Visionaire - You could be proud of your contribution to the company as Amazon is now the world class - Fast pacing, result oriented, open to communication and startup-alike setups - Depending on where you come from, you can learn a lot from Amazon's unique value and culture, especially if you are starting your career here. Otherwise, you may have some culture shock, but still gain a lot from. - If you can survive, you will be tough enough to survive anywhere else. - Overall, Amazon is the great company to train yourself both technically and mentally, and to be "part" of your resume.
One of the higher paying picking jobs in The Reno Area. Overtime around christmas
Great Salary and good benefits
The pros are what others have already said. Working for this world class brand that is changing the face of retail is exciting (in theory). There is a lot going on in Seattle and to some extent in satellite offices like New York. The environment can be exciting in the sense that we're creating game changing products and services.  You will also learn more here in a very short amount of time than most anywhere else due to the emphasis on testing, analyzing and improving your work. I am basically going to squeeze out as much learning as possible and then parlay this into a better job shortly. I wouldn't be surprised if a majority of employees feel the same way.
Good pay & Good benefits Respectful treatment and appreciation of employees that is unique compared to other companies in their industry (and really other companies in general)
Creative and innovative company. Eventually they'll need to make a profit!
Salaries, stock, and signing bonuses are pretty good. They do wave a lot of stock in front of you in the form of RSUs which vest in like 4 or 5 years. What they don't tell you is that hardly anyone lasts that long.
Working for amazon you are always busy the pay is great as well as the people you work with.
Great place to learn and grow. Extremely smart people around every corner. I have learned more in the past 1.5 years, than I have in 9 years elsewhere.
Many internal resources to help accomplish goals & drive business.
Plenty of hours if you are in need of working hours no question. Lots of moving around, I enjoy moving while I work.
Very good work environment with loads of fun
get to pick peoples orders on what they buy.
Great company values, customer centric.
Good insurance benefits, good stock options. Work hours are flexible, WFH times are possible. Nice pay, extremely intelligent people to work around. Company paid happy hour every two weeks (Yes with EToH). If you make a mistake, own up to it and correct it without penalties to your career.
Stock and growth of the company
I have been a software developer at a subsidiary of Amazon for over 4 years. In that time I have done some very, very interesting things which have become successful products and services. I have also learned a lot about the right way to do things. Employees tend to be high quality, but not as high as they think they are.
Great people to work with. Very smart and dedicated workforce. Management trusts their people and give them a lot of authority.
It seemed easy to get the job. The work, while physically demanding, wasn't difficult once I got in shape.
Good pay, lots of overtime if you need it.
Innovative and collaborative...great workplace. Always cutting edge work and forward thinkers.
Good pay, great learning experience
Ownership, pace of learning, supportive yet tough environment. Long term career opportunities and movement within the company--once you've put your time in.
Amazon's customer focus is the most genuine I've worked with to date, not like other companies who put some fancy words on the wall then do everything they can to ignore them.  Compensation is decent, especially singing bonuses which are huge. Relocation expenses are generous especially for expat hires. Share plan is pretty decent, if weighted toward later years.  Teams are very small - usually around 10-20 people - so relatively agile groups working on thousands of different things all at the same time so there's always something new and exciting being announced. Coordination between teams is mostly achieved though management which leaves the engineers on the ground free to execute.  Amazon is really ideal for interns, junior and mid-level developers - it's a great place to cut your teeth on big problems, get a lot of responsibility very quickly and rack up those crucial years of experience for your CV with a company that looks great  Amazon itself is clearly still on the way up. For a company that makes no money, it's growing super fast, doubling it's full time staff every couple of years, taking on more and more projects, breaking into new markets and technologies. If there's a peak Amazon is still a way from reaching it and the stock price reflects this  The head office is dog friendly - you can take your dog to work with you which is pretty cool
Everyone is inventing all the time so there isn't a chance for the job to get dull or mundane.  I work with amazingly bright and supportive people so there is always someone around to teach me what I don't know.
AWS fosters innovation. Engineers from many teams collaborate to get things done and iterate on improving the ecosystem as a whole. It's truly an amazing process to behold.  - Always innovating. - Some of the best engineers in the world at your fingertips. - Learning never stops. - Diving deeper as time goes on. - Flexible with working from home (team dependent). - Fun environment.
The people are all really smart, driven, and hard working. Awesome company overall that has changed the consumer world for the better.
great company good benefits. stock options.
People - all smart, focused and data driven. Mission - shared vision, play for the long term, make big bets, make choices, own them Values - Creates incredible workforce with broad reaching influence  In general, this is one of the few companies with the will and footprint capable of disrupting most industries it chooses. The ruthless focus on the end consumer allows for clear thinking and brutal feature cuts.
Brilliant people. Exciting and challenging things to work on. Many small, iterative, collaborative, and innovative teams with the ownership to deliver results. Look for teams with brilliant business people at the helm that embody all of Amazon's Leadership Principles.
Customer focused, innovative, fast paced
Pays well, not many (or any) internal rivalries (some competing objectives but not many), intelligent people with professional interactions and fun place.
Heaps to learn. Great infrastructure. Smart people
-Intelligent counterparts and colleagues. -Great stock and investment opportunities. -Internal and lateral transfers galore!
Great people, interesting problems, great company to be a part of, great company values and leadership principles, good culture, focus on engineers
Internship projects that make an impact and go into production
Breadth of experience at an entry level. Opportunities to be cross trained in different departments. The lexington returns FC is a very unique place with lots of opportunities to experience various departments and get to know their process. I was impressed how often Amazon looks to improve its process and find ways to get money back to their customers as quickly as they can.
A place you can always find new challenges and a lot of fun
Pay, the work environment, leadership
Good pay and benefits for all
Good pay, consistent schedule, plenty of opportunity for overtime.
-The people are bright but rarely arrogant. -Decisions are made based on the merit of ideas (and supporting data), not who makes them. -The work has substance and I can see the impact of what I do. -The day goes by quickly, I am never counting hours. -Though they can be a bit secretive, upper management has a vision and seem to know what they are doing. They do their best to share what employees need to know. -Leadership principles are valuable and have a guiding presence day-to-day. -Management has genuine interest in their employees' career development. There are a lot of great resources to help you develop and advance. -I learn a new skill or gain new insight every day. Amazonians ride a river of information! -Criticism is welcomed, and heated debates fuel good relationships. -Stock options and benefits are excellent. -The Amazon name is respected -- it definitely opens doors. -People bring their dogs to work. -Amazon brings artists and authors to give performances and talks during lunch breaks. -Seattle is great! Who can't get enough rain, coffee, hiking, grunge, and breweries?
Intense work life, definitely learnt a lot of stuff. Great location, great people around. Very easy to talk to senior engineer
Smartest people, best in process, excited about the work, definite growth in job skills and functions that make you very marketable elsewhere.
Although Amazon can be stressful, you can make a big impact here. Amazon is growing and as a recruiter you are at the center of the growth. You set your strategy and execute with support from the business. They have been understaffed for a while and are always very gracious when you do your job.  Jeff Bezos is a genius, and you feel lucky to work at Amazon at this stage in the company's life cycle. At first I did not notice it, but after working here for a while I realized I had become a much better recruiter.  Amazon does the right thing when it comes to candidates and the hiring process. It feels nice to know that 100% of the time they will do the right thing.
broad Java technical stack high volume hard problems decent payment
You can meet some Industry Smart people and be prepared for the slog to clear the interview
A big corporation with benefits and good bonuses.
Pays well for the type of work. Good jobs for those with college degrees looking to gain HR experience. Management working on scalable plan for growth.
Full time position and you do get benefits (although not good ones).
Good to have in your resume.
There are large scale computer science problems to solve and lots of intelligent people to solve them with.
Learning, Data analysis and Brand
Responsibility is shared out and taken seriously, as a customer service agent you are empowered to take care of the customer
+Strong core values +Innovation + Strong leadership team +Transparent management + Right focus
customer centric, fast growing, agile
- True agile development - Great option as a first company. Work with some of smartest people you can find. - No team hierarchy. Everyone is heard and their opinions are valued.
Lots of big challenges and smart people. It is fun and interesting to work on projects at Amazon scale. Working for a company where creating the best customer experience is paramount is great. The peers are high quality and the opportunity for self improvement is high.
Smart people, lots of exciting job opportunities, growing business, gain a lot of experience in a short period of time
Very aggressive and ownership oriendted
While the Amazon mentality is con for others, it's a huge pro for me. My job is loosely defined and I received no formal training upon arrival. I love that. I had to be self-directed, find my own resources and create a niche in my team. My job can be what I make of it. I define my goals, propose projects, suggest changes to existing projects and choose to meet or exceed expectations. Helicopter bosses are not encouraged but I, as an individual contributor, have to do my part to prove that I can work autonomously. On a daily basis I have to find the data to prove my points before blindly making assumptions, write narratives to support my projects and define (and redefine) my goals. Speaking up with constructive solutions is consistently encouraged. The famous "?" email from Bezos, while intimidating, reminds us that everything is open for questioning and smart inquisition is encouraged. Amazon is the only company I've worked for that loudly and proudly displays its leadership competencies. In fact, almost everything I do can roll up into a particular leadership competency. Usually our actions are justified and rewarded in accordance with these core values. Finally, I love that we're encouraged to change positions every 18-24 months (lateral move or otherwise) so no one gets stuck in a single-minded rut. I had the fortune of being asked to move to a better role after just 6 months (a rare exception).
fast growth, lots of opportunities, competitive compensation
Good Pay, People are hungry for innovation and solid opportunities for growth
- good experience in managing complex projects and having a lot of responsibility - people - exciting growth
High learning curve with good people to work with
compensation is great especially with stock going up quality of work is good, high impact projects
- Very good exposure to cloud based development and architechtures. - Good place to learn how to deal with high volume systems - A very challenging and intelligent peer group - Lots of learning oppertunities - A clear career plan
surrounded by incredible, intelligent, hard working people, constantly growing, tons of opportunity, great location, learn more here than anywhere else - if you can survive here, you can work anywhere!
The core values of Ownership, Integrity, Bias for Action, Frugality etc., are all things that I personally approve of and have known to work best for me. The culture of the company fits me very well. In my 7 years, I have not worked on anything that was not of any use to anyone. Essentially, no work/time of mine was spent for nothing. Managers and senior managers are invariably always demanding, challenging and make you do more than what you would have done if left alone. To slightly lazy people like me, that is really helpful. People above my level are invariably role-models. They have amazing process, excellent communication and influencing skills. Very structured thought-process and always focused on the customers.
Good work culture, team, opportunity to work with best people in the industry
Open culture, no job stress
Challenge and career opportunity. If you need a harder challenge, they will give you one. The company moves fast and is very innovative. They know what it means to be creative. There is always room for people to learn and grow. Amazon is a career accelerator. It is a trial by fire, but you will come away being a far better employable individual than you were before you set foot in the door.  Management is generally pretty good -- on an individual level at least.  The company is also insane as a whole. They make very strange trade-offs, which somehow end up working out for them (as noted with the market valuation of the company).  The people you work with are competent. Amazon has a very high interview bar, and it shows. You can trust that the person you're working with will do their job to the best of their ability, and they will challenge you in return. You gotta make sure you're up-to-date and on your toes, because anything that might be incorrect that you say or do will get challenged and brought to light.
the best place to learn something new
Great CEO, great retail side of the business
Great culture, amazing coworkers, and rewarding work experiences. It was the best job I had so far in my career. The best part is the responsibility they give you to impact the business as it is very hands on and a great learning experience.
The pay was competitive compared to other warehouses and minimum wage jobs in the area. A good place to work during the holidays if you just want extra cash.
Teams focus on real customer problems. Amazon allows engineers to do the right thing by focusing on the customer problems. Teams can work independently without many dependencies across the company.
excellent city, really good company
You get to learn lots of technologies very quickly. Very fast release cycles. Fast paced culture.
Great place to work is you apply yourself, fast paced
Amazon can be a great place to work, depending on what area of the company you work in and MOST IMPORTANTLY who you work for. The latter is crucial at Amazon, more so than in most companies.
Lot of learning at any point of time
Opportunities are endless in this rapid growth stage, it's a culture that supports rotating through different groups means that one will never be bored.  Leadership principles are clearly understood. This means that despite the large size of the company, it's easy to transfer from one group to the other and understand what it means to be an effective Amazonian.
The people are intense and intelligent. They like to have fun, and they work hard. Kindle has autonomy to do a lot of things first, so innovation is rampant.
Good pay Can apply for your benefits on the first day of work
A good place to work
-You will learn a ton -You will have a LOT of responsibility, really gives you a chance to prove yourself -Get to work with brilliant people at a truly history-making company -Great pay
good pay and compensation. big company and reputation. People are very nice and friendly and smart.
Working in a smaller site everyone knows each other and most have been there for years. The leadership team works hard to maintain the Amazon leadership principle and they're a motivated team. The company has great benefits and opportunities.
The only Pros about the job were the Pay and Benefits.
Managment listens to employees on any and all suggestions. Managers and HR have an open door all the time. Moral is always up. Monthly bonus, stocks.
Amazon makes cool software. If you time your moves right, there is a fair amount of mobility between teams within the company.
The customer truly is #1--as a CSA, I have the authority to do just about whatever I think is right to make our customers happy (which makes ME happy). The dress code is uber casual (yup, you can wear your PJs to work), it's not a homogeneous group of employees, schedule changes are relatively easy, the environment is fun, and everyone is expected to have a sense of ownership in the company. Most employees are friendly and more than happy to help one another out with job performance issues and even a ride to work.
Good pay relative to other minimum wage and wharehouse jobs.
Good pay, enjoyed the exercise, gave senior citizens a chance too work, loved the management in outbound shipping.
Amazon has a unique culture with unique values of Ownership, Customer Obsessions, Bias for Action, Invent and Simplify, etc. There is plenty of opportunities for learning, trying new things, and growth if you know where to look for them. It is a fast-paced environment that presents new challenges everyday. You are encouraged to dive in, to take ownership, to disagree, to challenge yourself and others. You work with and learn from very bright people from a variety of backgrounds and perspectives that broaden your views daily. You work with different technical problems and challenges at the "Amazon scale" which can be unique in the industry. Working here can be a tremendously rewarding experience.
Amazon is always on the front end of technology. Lots of exciting things happening there across many different product lines. It's also easy to move around from team to team and position to position.
Working with latest technologies. Team mates are smart, knowledgeable and always helpful. Learning a lot everyday. Can practice leadership skills.
Top-notch engineering talent and excellent compensation
Though inflexible, management and HR were consistently friendly.
A perfect place for singles and workaholics.
Awesome company to work at. Very interesting work. Cutting edge on several levels, surrounded by several brilliant people! Also bring your dog to work!
You will learn a lot in a short amount of time. Amazon offers a school accommodation which allows you to drop below full time to complete your degree.
Good employees and work environment, decent management team that could do more at coaching and leadership of employees to improve overall performance if not just limited to number based performance.
1. Smart people, although most of them leaves the company in ~1.5 years from their arrival. 2. Be part of big projects. 3. The compensation is ok.
Challenging work environment Innovative products Technology leaders
Steady work if they give it to you, opportunity to advance if you are lucky enough to be recognized
Benefits: Health insurance, 401K, stock options My Time Meeting new and different people
A lot to learn for someone young like myself, open culture, performance based, Improvement oriented
-The benefits: All in all, the benefits are definitely fantastic. Holiday pay is awesome. Management is unbelievably down to earth and understanding to any issues that may occur. They are here to help you succeed as they say. I have never came across a job as helpful as Amazon in terms of caring for their employees. They are huge on safety policies and will not let you work in unsafe conditions/environments The opportunities to grow within this company is outstanding!
Fun and challenging problems every day. I get to work alongside and learn from some of the smartest people I know. There are so many ways to have a big impact on millions of people. A chance to participate in history.
Amazon has an amazing culture and intelligent people. My clients are great and I thank them for what they taught me.
Nice people. great pay and great hours.
Good environment. Good culture. Comp pretty good. Narrative process is good and helps make things transparent. Business is extremely strong. Exciting and lots of upside and opportunity. Exec Mgmt is good team.
I loved working for Amazon they have great pay & benefits. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly I would gladly work for Amazon again. You defiantly need computer skills and know how to talk to people, but you have plenty of other people around you that are more than willing to help.
Many of the people were cool to work with. The work was fairly easy and self explanatory. Probably would have been better if I was a permanent employee.
Downtown Seattle location is very nice Challenging Work Decent compensation
- great location - company's involved in a lot of different things - lots of spending on R&D
Very high level of talent, fast-paced, performance evaluations are based on real data available in real time, still a young company with high growth and lots of opportunity, good pay and benefits
it keeps you so busy.
Amazon is a top-notch place to work if one is looking for myriad skills and experiences working in the world of e-commerce, not only for personal development but also as a resume builder. Additionally, they do maintain, in my opinion, a very clear and positive focus on creating "the best possible customer experience". That's a philosophy I could easily get behind. Also, Amazon encourages employees to move around a lot laterally, which means that if you don't like your role, it's always possible to find something else internally. Also, given the intensity of the work environment, people leave on a regular basis, creating openings for you ladder climbers out there.
The company itself is always growing and therefor always room to advance, in theory. If the culture is actually held up like it is supposed to, then nice place to work. The stocks are very nice as well! If the company ran how Bezos dreamt up, I would never leave.
It's good money and not too hard.
- People want to work for Amazon. The associates hired by Amazon want to take ownership of their work and their facility. - The pay is pretty good. High starting salary, sign-on bonus, first year retention bonus, stock options, and a 401(k) match are all very enticing. - Opportunities to move up and travel around the world are available. Stepping up in the company typically requires a move to another part of the country (or the world). There are plenty of fulfillment centers around the US and it will continue to grow.
a place like start-up. creative and dynamic
Salary was satisfactory, but not worth the headache.
There's a reason the "work hard" part of this company's tag line is first... You're going to work hard. But if you love what you do and have a passion for the innovative, always-pushing-forward culture, this could be a good fit.
Team oriented atmosphere, fast paced environment, a lot of room to make independent decisions
Working with some of the smartest people in the industry. You can make a significant impact much like a startup. Excellent benefits, parking reimbursement etc.
Decent pay, management was very understanding and helped you accomplish your goals. It is a very competitive atmosphere and the strong competitors will rise to the top and begin moving upwards. College graduates have mobility.
Work with some of the smartest people I've ever met. Fast paced. Live the leadership principles every day. Value calculated risk taking and experimentation and piloting new things
The pay and the daily benefits (all-you-can-drink coffee and Gatorade), reward system for reporting unsafe conditions ($20 gift card)
Salary with stock options is good. But, the stock vests over several years.
Structure, Safety and by the book management.
Smart People --Yes, Soaring stocks--Great to have Learning/Brand name --Yes Love thy customers not thy employees
good people to work around with
Software engineers are highly skilled and helpful.
Ability to work on multiple projects
Work from home Flexible (At first)
The company is very customer centric, and tries to do the right thing for the customer. If you find right manager and mentor, you can build a good rewarding career here. The key is, right manager and mentor. Amazon is not a bad stepping stone to other companies where you can grow technically.
-Interesting work -Smart co-workers to learn from -Good pay -Many web service tech to become familiar with
Wide range of technologies, projects, and teams.
Not in a huge city Interesting work Chance to make an impact
- High caliber of employees - Wide range of responsibilities expected of everyone - Good compensation - Fast-paced environment
They take care of their employees with good benefits and often stock options. The Amazon motto of "Work hard, Have fun, Make history" are always displayed, and they make an effort to create a productive atmosphere that is both serious and lighthearted.
flexible, challenging work, manager will promote you relatively fast if you demonstrate yourself
-Top tier operations experience -Working with top talent
Company name, casual though fast paced atmosphere, nice people. Having Amazon on your resume certainly is a plus, when you go looking for other work. And it is building for FCs across the country so opportunities to move up in the company come often.
- Lots of responsibility at a very early stage. Within months, straight out of college, I was managing merchandising for vendors who make millions in revenues with Amazon and doing onsite and e-mail promotions seen by thousands, all with minimal supervision. - Good structure if you're in the leadership programs (MBA, undergrad, etc.) in terms of trainings, social events, and assigned mentors and buddies. I've heard non-program employees get much less structured onboardings, however. - Exposure to an amazing company philosophy and business strategy. Amazon isn't paying lip service when it says it focuses on customers, every business decision is made with them in mind and in center. Managers know what they're doing, which helps eliminate confusion on your end. - Coworkers have been extremely friendly and helpful. I almost feel embarrassed asking so many questions, yet they have been patient and thorough in answering all of them. - Pay is good, although much of it is in stock and bonuses.
Great place to move up if you work hard and make the right connections. Company highly values college degrees. Managers are usually fairly willing to help you in your career.
Good pay (although not as good as other large tech companies). Fantastic stock growth. It's possible to work 40-45 hours a week and still have a good career there, although this varies a lot by team. It's also possible to advance very quickly if you are motivated and a self-starter.
Other companies love to hire people with Amazon experience as they know they are overworked but smart and know what they are doing.  You'll never work with smarter people.  Corporate is dog-friendly.
Some of the best minds you will meet work here... It is very face paced and demanding. The pay is good and job can often feel rewarding
Great people. Great Technologies. Always new projects. Work never gets boring. plenty of things to do workwise, learning wise. Flexible in change in role in career path. Have great Management and exceutive leaders
I meet and worked with some very smart people. And I was able to learn some cutting edge technology. Salary was decent.  Advice for new hires: negotiate as much of a salary, hiring bonus, and stock as you can before accepting an offer. You will not get much for your yearly raise.
Great place to work. Decent Pay. Climate controlled warehouse so it is never to hot or cold. Great place to work.
- You get that name on your resume and startups with "scale"-goggles will fall all over you. That will be your actual chance to make a difference in spite of the empty cult talk you hear at Amazon. - You get to try your nerd-gaydar on hapless candidates who fall for the recruiter pitch and actually try to get employed here. Yes, we have a bank of puzzle questions that have nothing to do with the mundane code we wrote everyday.
* Very smart people across the board * Endless opportunities to work on challenging problems * Ability to work on many different types of products without changing companies (e.g. operations support, front-end, digital, web services, developer tools, etc.) * Good stock performance (over past few years)
This company has Great benefits
talented coworkers, flexible work hours, great company principles, work environment is relaxed, many opportunities to receive feedback from mentors and managers.
Many smart and hardworking people and infrastructure is well development/organized
The scale at which AWS operates is just unparalleled. One gets to learn a lot through direct on-hands experience.  Fast-paced environment. You get to see your product/code ship fast.
Great Company to work for. High Energy and very helpful to new employees
Great tools for programmers. A lot of them are very proprietary, but the concepts are there, and the whole software ecosystem meshes together well.  Some really smart people scattered throughout the company. I've learned a ton being here.  If you find the right team, you can build products that customers love and have some say in how they're built. If you find a small team that's missing say a project manager, you get the chance to take on different roles.  The "leadership principles" - while receiving a lot of scorn from some employees - are awesome guiding principles for how to act. They're burned into my brain for the rest of my life.
best place to work. great people and great company
Learn a lot fast. You have to go the extra mile in every project and that helps you see and learn new aspects of a project every day.
Believes in celebrating success of others and recognizing those who have succeeded to different level within the company
Not existent and not a priority
Startup feeling in a company with tens of thousands of employees A great community especially in Seattle, outside of Seattle in other offices the feeling is a very stark difference to the Amazon culture (could be a con) Lots of projects, sky is the limit!
Pay. Thank god for capitalism and the free market or else they'd pay you chump change. Turns out they actually pay you really well (if you're not a temp) and give you ALOT of time off (again, if you're not a temp.) This is because of the cons. Also, don't plan on having a life between OCT and JAN 1st. Youll be working your bum off 60 hours a week. Last "peak" season I would work 730-6 Mon-Sat mandatory then sleep all day sunday cause I was exausted...My sleep pattern became so messed up it really threw my whole body for a big shock.
Work with really talented people, work on very interesting and challenging projects, learn how a very fast moving organization works. Lots of decentralization and autonomy gives great flexibility. Can work offsite and on the move easily. Great support and work atmosphere between peers.
Ownership, agility, flexibility. Very friendly employees, smart
Since the company centers itself around making the developers happy, it makes a big effort to put on "fun" events during the work week (i.e. fish bowls where they bring in bands, authors, other cool and interesting people, etc.). They encourage employees to move around the company and try out different positions before settling which is good for those who want to see other areas of the business. They also have a great rotational program for MBAs.
They pay a good lot amount with all fancy Benefits. Their business is thriving with no obvious challenger so you can except the job to be stable.
Great benefits program and maternity benefits. Pay is very competitive for all positions and the company is constantly making changes to improve.
If you are on a good team, you will learn good technical skills and build the foundation for a good career anywhere
People that know what they're doing. Lots of interesting projects floating around.
You can say you have a job.
Benefits, Friendly Environment, Pay is good starting out, Training is comprehend-able.
Tons of room for growth. Strong company.
Excellent Learning Opportunities. You can drink as much from the fire hose.
Great Benefits People are fun and easy to work with Ability to work from home Always have ability to develop and work your way up the ladder
-Good place to learn things -Lots of smart people - great infrastructure to develop stuff
- great experience, kind of a sink or swim environment so being proactive and taking the initiave and quick learners are a huge plus. Either way, you are going to put in situations outside of you comfort zone. - Nice signing bonus, mediocre salary - great resume builder, especially for any candiates that came straight from college like me - Lots of responibilites so the work is more rewarding
Fast-paced, challenging role, metrics driven, straight forward communication, promotion potential, and good pay.
You will solve tough and interesting problems that, literally, no one has solved before. You will work harder than you ever have. You will learn a ton.
You have a sense of personal accomplishment, the job is not difficult, there is good pay for the work done, and there are reasonable advancement opportunities.
Excellent Company and great people
Very smart people. Cool problems to go solve for the ecommerce retail products.
Amazon Services, a sales organization, is fast-paced and data driven. Be prepared to learn a lot and learn fast, or come already equipped with your MBA and cutting edge knowledge of retail, web, technology, and the intersection of all three. There is a direct line between performance and achievement, and for the most part it is a fair meritocracy. They are hiring many positions and growing fast. If you have a great idea and can prove its potential with data and then demonstrate its success with data, you will be a rock star.
Very flexible with time off. Benefits are decent.
Good quality work with the opportunity to make a difference
NIce buildings and good cafeteria food which you will need because if you are not a software engineer you will NEVER leave the building.
Opportunities for growth. It is possible move up from entry level associate. Growth is associated with performance. Day to day features new/different challenges. Focus on the customer is contagious.
Met lots of smart people, and have made some great friends.
The company is great to work for and has many opportunities for moving up higher in the company. It is tough, warehouse based work.
for those who can't get better places/companies
pays compective good benefits starts day one.
Some nice coworkers that I got to know for two weeks.
Great work environment. The opportunities for career growth are numerous. Flexible work schedule. Inventors can invent, and most teams can spend time to drive quality into their products.
meet alot of people. people are helpful. there alot of new things.
Agile, challenging, learn something from new every day. Best job I ever had.
Amazon is very gracious with their compensation. Mine included a substantial bonus, complete relocation package, and high salary.
Good bonuses and stock plans. Ability to move around the company quite freely and change your career path if desired is a big plus.
Brilliant People. Great experience. Great pay. Great benefits. Good stability.
Agile env is very good.
meet alot of people. people are helpful. there alot of new things.
Work hard, talented people, nice place to work.
Top notch people, constant innovation and a brand that plays an increasingly important role in peoples' lives. People like being a part of a company that customers genuinely love.
Amazon is great because they let you own your career. It is a fast paced, innovative culture that drives for results.
Great Culture in Seattle, Very Smart Management
awesome challenges and abilities to learn new stuff you wouldn't get a chance anywhere else
Great benefits, stable company to work for
Good brand name Located in downtown Seattle, which has many bars, malls, good if you are young and single They front load your pay with bonus and stocks Above average people to work with depending on the department People do get things done, strong bias for action
Low tolerance for bs Document-based meetings make sure people have thought things through Very smart leadership
- Competitive compensation - Acceptable work/life balance - Career opportunities OUTSIDE of Digital Products very promising,... if you are allowed to transfer out
I'm with the AWS side of the company and I've been impressed with how much talent you are surrounded by. Things are very dynamic with often interesting problems to solve and great community feeling of knowledge sharing. Also fun with frequent parties and beer bash type social events.
-Brand Name -If lucky then you can get to work with some smart people - Innovating new stuff
Good pay for warehouse work
Lots of exciting development going on with continual growth.
The environment is very friendly. People are hard-working. The manager do not push hard.
Fast moving from tier 1 to tier 3
Amazon will give you great experience in prioritizing enormous workloads, understanding how to manage your manager's expectations, and making your own decisions. You get to work with a lot of extremely smart people and you will grow faster via diverse experiences here than you would at other companies. They also give you the opportunity to switch roles every year or two. I've been with the company several years now and have been through several different roles. The pros and cons span across my experiences.
It looks fantastic on a resume, I think.
Exposure to all aspects of business, good compensation, opportunity to advance both vertically or horizontally, good networking, excellent distribution experience.
Great ownership and technical challenges.
Constant expansion Stock value consistently rising 4 day work week (Kind of, you are pulling 60 hour work weeks minimum)
Innovative Free reign Working for the winning team
Best Pay, Great leadership principles and there are several departments that are doing great. I wish they let people learn and grow as they boast about "hire and develop" the best talent
- good pay - lots to do - empowered to make decisions and BIG ones - company is exploding and you can ride that wave - take on greater responsibilities - highly visible roles (to outside world)
In a business management role, you'll have a high level of autonomy and potential to make significant financial impacts immediately. They will give you an extraordinary amount of responsibility right away because the company is growing faster than they can hire.
So much smarter a company than Microsoft (where I came from). Middle-managers know what their job is...reconciling inconsistencies between teams and setting the right priorities for customers.
Opportunities to do a wide variety of interesting projects due to the large scope of Amazon's business.  Large population of employees who have broad experience. Someone who knows something you need is probably on a relevant internal list.  Most people there are pretty nice. I know this sounds vague but this place has a refreshingly low jerk count.
Probably a great company for young aggressive people who want to succeed with just a high school education
learn a lot about software development.
It was great to be able to work from home They take good care of their customers Will be in business for a long time
great place to learn about retail, fast growth environment, high caliber colleagues, gold standard of e-commerce
Opportunity to work on systems on massive scale
If you are self directed and a creative problem solver you can quickly move career forward here. You will never lack for work to do and you will learn how to write a document that any senior executive can follow.
Participate in interesting projects with real impact
Some nice people to work with
Learned a lot, everyone is young and friendly and helpful.
-moves at the pace of a start up -you to get work on projects that are seen by mass audience
Lots of possibilities to move around, lots of friendly and smart people to work with. Lots of great products and innovation going on. Innovation is encouraged.
Massive fortune 50 company, looks like it will be around for a while. Growth opportunities, as long as you're willing to travel.
Because of Amazon's rapid growth, career opportunities are almost endless, for those individuals starting at an FC, it's usually only a matter of months before the invitations to move to Seattle start. The company's legendary customer obsession is truly part of its DNA - managers will not think twice to drive a single package 35 miles to a UPS sort center to make a shipping cutoff - the employees genuinely care. Amazon hires incredibly smart people, and you'll learn more in 6 months there than several years at other employers. The caliber of regional managers at the corporate level is very high - the overwhelming majority take an active interest in your development and want you to succeed.
Good benefits. Above average pay.
There a lot if benefits with amazon. Working conditions are a lot better than other warehouse jobs. Reasonable on time off, benefits, stock in company, and easy to learn tasks.
Excellent pay, and great benefits. RSU are nice.
smart people, diversified business lines, fast paced environment. Amazon is much more than an online retailer.
Fast paced, day goes by quickly. Freedom to run area as you see fit. Senior management receptive to suggestions and changes. Good associates.
perks, environment, responsive bosses, creativity fostered, great career path
Some PA's are so much better to work with. The benfits are not to bad
Compensation, $$$$$$, latest technology, did I mention the pay, smart coworkers,
benefits and allow to be innovative as a hourly associate up to sr management.
you have alot of flexibility
good pay and fast paced
Looks good on your resume
Great benefits and friendly upper management. Loved the enviroment and people always seemed happy to be there. It was a great time and experience.
You are left alone to do your work. Very good for motivated people who don't like to be micromanaged. The shifts are 10 hours long but you get three days off usually.
Its a fun place to work with a competitive benefit package.
1. Fast paced and diverse opportunties. 2. Very talented employees due to high hiring bar 3. Good pay.
team atmosphere, benefits, good work environment
Tons of opportunity if you are ambitions
Decent work . interaction with Intelligent people.
Ability to be relocated to many places, Monthly bonus, high sign on bonuses, fast paced environment which builds on leadership.
Advancement if you can take the hours
You will get to learn and touch all type of systems and see changes occur at rapid speeds.
Fast paced, a lot of ownership and upward movement. Coworkers are smart, fun, laid back. Very flexible working hours. Everyone is very passionate about what they do.
nice money, easy organzied, overly montinored
1. Total compensation: very fair - you are being compensated very well especially for college hires 2. Development opportunities - you will be pushed every single day at work - there is never downtime 3. Growth opportunities - with the stock shooting over 300 for the first time and the year over year growth the opportunities are endless
The company takes bottom-up ideas very seriously. Developer has a lot of freedom to design products and the release cycle is super fast. People are very nice and professional. The technology used for development is top of the line.
Worker-centric culture, well known for caring for their people
Multifunctions available in every warehouse
There are a few at Chattanooga who are right for their position. Some are in HR and some are managers. They take an interest in feedback and communicate well.
Technical growth, Learning, Work Culture
Great people that are smart and are capable of doing the position. Generous with relocation benefits. Very nice stock offerings. The first week of training you meet ~50 new managers and make some really good friends. Then 3 months later you attend "Planet of the Ops" and get to spend another fun week with the friends you made the first week.
good pay and benefits when
+ Your work will likely be seen and used by millions + Fantastic company values that people actually care about + Great co-workers and transparent management
Strong leadership at S-team level Internal movement Cash joining bonuses in Years 1 and 2 Bar raiser interview process Global value proposition
Tasks are extremely simple. Expectations are not hard to meet. Benefits are really good with lots of paid time off. You get to see an amazing variety of products. Take home pay is ok. Job security. They have lots of contests when they need a lot of people to show up.
good, benefits, plenty of overtime between October and Janurary
Fun, diverse people. Casual atmosphere (sometimes almost too casual) Subsidized parking rates, good health care plan.
you can learn a lot in the fast growing company
This position will pay overtime.
Amazon is a fast growing company with its tendrils in numerous areas of commerce and technology. Its great to work on something that has a major global impact.
Dogs in the office, Tom Douglas restaurants on campus, buildings have gorgeous views
Great benefits and beautiful Seattle views. The people who work at Amazon are among the best and very capable. Some of my best confidants have come from my coworkers. At Amazon I feel happy and like I'm making a difference.
just work 8 hours a day
Great place to learn about how to develop software, and how to support it. Learn what it means to be customer focused.
The pay is good, and good benefits. Fun working with books and dvd's. I liked working the three 12 hours shifts over the weekend.
So many opportunities to do any number of different jobs. You will work hard but be very well taken care of.
You get to work with some very smart minds and experience the cutting edge in distribution.
its a job in this down market
Amazon is a force for Human Progress.
good place to start career but not good to stay
great technology skills to learn, very open to share the knowledge
Money, co-workers, range of different types of jobs
Easy job, good pay, tons of opportunity for overtime
-Higher rate of compensation than average -Good benefits
Innovation: A lot of talents in the company Lead ahead: A lot of rich resource knowledge and learning opportunity, you will grow with the co. and benefit the sucess Management: Productive, efficient, skillful, problem solver
It offers competitive salaries for management positions. It is growing fast. It is very innovative. They love change.
You are pushed mentally, physically, morally, and every other ally.
The supervisors were friendly and personable. The benefits were good.
Good reputation with their customers
Almost everyone at Amazon is very talented, and the culture that Amazon explicitly values is positively unique among other megacorporations. The company is pretty generous with stock grants, though they tend to have protracted vesting schedules (could hardly be more so).
It's a great place to learn, grow, innovate, create, and make history. You have an amazing opportunity to do some amazing things here.
-decent pay & signon bonus. -Big company, talent teammates.
Great people who always raise bar
Facility was very clean is pretty much it.
Compensated well while being held accountable
Above average compensation, good benefits
Great people, very optimistic future for the company as far as job security as well as great bonuses
10% off on Amazon products..
Opportunity for limitless growth with willingness to put in the work
The associates you work with are amazing!! It is a fun and rewarding place to work.  They offer great benefits and a challenging work environment!
DIY attitude. The compensation was good. People were very friendly.
smart people, fast paced environment, lots of opportunities to learn
Company is very competitive as far as wages and benefits. They offer good hours and regularly offer overtime. They treat everyone fairly and getting hired or promoted is a sinch if you work for it. I have never worked for a company that has such a strong culture on saftey and customer obsession. They do a good job at giving credit to the associates and put them in the spot light.
At Amazon the perfect is not the enemy of the good. It's a place where one can produce good work quickly along with a plan for incremental improvement that moves toward perfection. Lots of resources means that although Amazon may be behind in an area, when the business sees that something is important, it can ramp quickly to the status of parity and even as a pace setter. Lots of ownership. Lots of latitude to resolve ambiguity in creative ways. RSUs are super! Relocation! Cash bonus at signing! Royal treatment during recruiting!
great pay, nice people and extremely good environment. As a mid 20's male with a Bsc and Msc - this was everything I wanted and more
professional career growth great work place good camaraderie with fellow colleagues career development advice and good work ethics everybody is pushing for the same goals centered on the customer (big difference with Microsoft). Promotions are gated by well written promo guidelines with focus on delivery, and impact, not on internal politics. People spend less time campaigning for their own promotions (seen cons). Much better healthy relationships between teams/orgs/people. TOP performers are heavily compensated.”
There are none...I would rather work at McDonalds then this place what a zoo...
There is lots of opportunity for career advancement if you are willing to put in the work and study Amazon's core leadership principles. The fast paced days makes time more bearable. The benefits may be a pretty penny out of your pay, but it is worth it when you need them. Stock benefits are a bit plus. Your voice may not be much as one sometimes, but Amazon makes sure it hears their associates in numerous ways such as associate surveys and round table meetings.
In general good place to work. Lots of exciting stuff
team work, wonderful people who work hard
Lots of opportunity at a growing company
Decent living wage. As long as your willing to work you will be fine.
Good salaries/Compensation, Sign in bonus is good as well. Lots of talented people ( some of them are pricks as well)
Good money straight out of high school. It is easy to get recognized if you are working hard.
Challenging, empowered, fast paced, lean processes, great people
Insurance, stocks, 401k, variety of shifts, variety of departments.
You are always surrounded by the smartest engineers and skilled project managers. Very innovative and you are always asked to come up with new ideas and improvement.
A lot of interesting projects and smart people to work along side.
Fast Paced, Constantly Innovating, rewarding for those who put in the effort. Has great benefits and decent pay for the immediate area. Can quickly move up!
Amazon has great core values and strives to constantly innovate. They aren't satisfied with the status quo. They make moves that others won't and they continue to get better. I *like* the company and want to stay here but due to the con's, it's challenging to do so without having lobotomy.
Not a lot of politics. A good environment for solving problems and building cool things. Great internal tools, both for deploying and building services and for data storage, etc.
Never dull. Fast paced with plenty of things to do. Great role and responsibilities. Truly cares about customer benefits. People respect and listen to you if you are smart. Great brand value on your resume.
Working from home. Equipment provided. Decent pay.
Good working environment with smart people around.
Very generous. Plenty of opportunities for advancement. Easy to have your voice heard. Happily accepts input.
They keep you informed about what is going on in the company benefits are great and pay is getting better
The company is still growing! Advancement opportunities are enormous! Pay at the leadership levels is competitive.
- Colleagues - most are very smart and extremely driven - type of work - new grads can be put on big projects very quickly - competitive base salary - metrics driven - I've seen Senior financial analysts successfully contest comments from directors using metrics
High talent, high ownership, responsibility
innovative culture, chill environment, chill dress code, company subsidized café with organic food, respectful co workers
"A month at Amazon is like a year elsewhere" is the standing joke. You learn more than at most companies and are given high level ownership from the outset. The co-workers are amazing, smart, and collegial.
Leadership team. The team has been built on a lot of educated individuals that really know what they are doing.
I feel very empowered, have great work-life balance, great unique culture, I am recognized for my contributions both financially and by the respect given by my leaders and peers. Amazon.com is a company that you can believe in and feel proud to be a part of.
Decent pay, great benefits, plenty of opportunities for advancement.
Smart people, good benefits, great company atmosphere.
A lot of opportunities for newbies
Good working environment with best benefits
The pay was better than other warehouse positions at the time. They also have decent benefits for their employees.
Very smart people. You will get to work with many high achievers from both the engineering and business worlds. Engineers get to learn a lot about business and see how high-achieving business managers function. Business managers get to work with and see how industry-leading engineering teams work.
Paid vacation, free lunch, 25 cent vending machines that go to charity, decent pay.
- Innovation - There are always big interesting problems to solve (fun projects) - Smart, very smart people - If you are looking for career advancement in terms of intellectual advancement and experience advancement, this place is great - "Work hard, have fun, make history" - this really sums it up
easy good great fast pace
Great place for someone fresh out of school with no work experience and no realization of what a real work environment is supposed to be like. Great minds are at Amazon. Meet them before they burn out and leave. Build your professional network. They have relatively good benefits.  This is a great place to work if you’re one of those people that enjoy pushing your work off on others (also called “delegation”) and then claiming their success as your own. You will be recognized as a “leader” and be promoted despite your experience or lack of skills.
Compensation is great. They have nice bonus incentives for new hires.
Pros: decent pay, good people, good exercise. You get some employee benefits and learn how Amazon works from the inside.
Smart people, innovative culture,interesting work
Amazon has been good to me and has taught me things I would have never learned elsewhere. There are many opportunities if you work hard enough.
sign-in bonus and relocation fees
Stock compensation plans are generous. Managers push you to develop to your full potential and beyond and will support you. Very family like culture and if you make or exceed their minimum requirements when you first come on board, you do have a real opportunity for success. Amazon deeply appreciates anyone with solid leadership abilities. They aggressively seek to recruit military personnel and will take seriously any genuine recommendations for improvement even from their lowest level associates.
Job stability and growth of the company
Pros: + Like others have said, you are really encouraged to act as a business owner. + Work is fast paced and can be a grind, but there is never a dull moment. + Strong commitment to the Leadership Principles. + Commitment to the long term goals of the company vs. parity with retail competitors. + Employees are rewarded for their work and compensated appropriately. + Beautiful campus
You learn new technologies and are challenged every day. You need to be at your best every day. There are many brilliant colleagues which keep environment motivated and challenging,
Amazon promotes leadership skills to every job type and level. It sets clear guidelines as to what is expected out of one's job role to become a good leader. Amazon values its culture fit and put a lot of efforts in hiring people who resonates with these leadership principles. Goal setting is pretty aggressive and pushes people to their limit to achieve that goal. For a young software engineer Amazon has all that is needed to grow in the industry and excel in her career.
You will learn what it really means to be customer centric. Company is much less bureaucratic than other large tech companies. If you are smart, motivated, single and have no other commitments you can succeed. You will learn a lot and ship a lot. It is true that 1 year experience at Amazon is equivalent to 2 years at any other large tech company.
Good pay and time off once hired.
to be employed and not on unemployment
There are lots of opportunities to learn and try different jobs. Coworkers are smart and motivated. The company thinks long term and is constantly innovating. Employees are empowered to drive change.
you can work with best people their..with rigorous learning
Amazon will let you bring your pet to work. The dress code is very casual. The downtown area where headquarters are located is beautiful.
There are amazing opportunities to grow as a leader. If you are willing to put in the work, the sky is the limit on how far you can go at Amazon.
The pay is good, you work 10 hour days and only work 4 hours. i worked the night time shift which still wasnt that bad.
It has good promotion opportunity
1) Working with a lot of smart people 2) Learn a lot in you field
Smart peers, fun environment, doggies! Developers and product managers are key to the success of each team.
I appreciate some of the benefits but employee costs needs to be lower to compete with other companies.
4 day work week thats about it.
- You will be able to learn a lot here. There are many interesting problems to be solved and you can be owner of the project pretty quickly. - Seattle. While it gets really cloudy from September to April, it has really nice summer weather. Also, it does not snow much. - Flexible hours. You can come to office pretty late and leave late if you have to. - 401k, medical insurance. - Free coffee, tea, and hot cocoa. You can have as many as you want. - You can bring your dog to the office. You will be able to meet a lot of dogs here. - Decent base salary with stocks. Amazon gives you decent amount of salary.
It was a lot of fun working for the company, and spending time learning a lot of new types of things.
Given a lot of important tasks, and a lot of opportunities on the team to make contributions
Free coffee, smart people and a 10% Amazon discount across the board. Macbook Pros are nice too.
-Awesome coworkers, They keep a really high bar, at least for SDEs. Ownership is a real thing, not just management-speak. Every SDE gets to own the entire service/product and has insight and input into every step - requirements gathering, design, development, deploy and maintainance. This is particularly true in new or relatively young services. Each service is also independent of each other. In most aspects, this leads to a startup culture within the big organization. At the same time, being a large organization allows great shared platforms and technologies to be used by all the mini-startups within the company.
Some good people working there so you can network and meet people that might help you with your career. If you get a position where you enjoy the actual work, you will get to do it All the time so if you love what you do, there is no shortage of work. It is rarely dull. There is good opportunity to work on your portfolio/experience etc.
Being full time, you do receive great benefits--health, paid time off, vacation time, etc. You get to work with a lot of different people. And get to know a lot of people as time goes on. As well there are times to do culture activities.
Palletizing, stacking totes, so easy a monkey could do it, for the most part, you won't lift more than about 30 lbs...not that heavy. As long as you make rate, you are left alone for the most part. Most employees are very nice and respectful. The job pays extremely good money for such easy work---especially night shift 4 nights a week (off-peak)
Opportunities to influence change are abundant. Continuous change, so if you don't like something...just wait around a bit. Lots of OT during the holidays.
working to create new digital experiences and new platforms is cool, get to work with some smart people, brand recognition of amazon is great, stock price is doing well.
Benefits are top notch for the area.
Amazon offers great benefits like stock shares when you are full- time. Always busy so hours aren't and issue and competitive pay raises**! You receive a raise every six months then they are given annually. Quick and easy to make money with a seasonal position.
Compensation is competitive-- as long as the stock price continues to climb. Turnover is high so there are plenty of opportunities for promotion. In the fulfillment centers Controllers work with a high degree of independence.
Amazon is always trying to improve the way they do things. As an employee, I like being made a part of some of these decisions. Amazon's healthcare benefits are amazing and I would be hard pressed to find another job with comparable coverage.
Benefits are good and there are lots of opportunities for career development. Casual work environment.
Great communication and integrity, unlimited opportunities
Amazon is great company if you like the fast paced environment. Company tend to focus on what really matters and that is customer experience. People are solution oriented more than problem focused.
Loved the four day work week.
They legitimately want to remain number 1 in the industry. If job security is important to you, then you definitely want to work with people who have a clue. Their is a healthy paranoia around staying number 1 and targeting seemingly unachievable goals (but somehow always achieving them).
Seemingly endless headroom for advancment.
Strong teammates, cutting edge technology, and you learn a lot
The company really is obsessed with the customer. There are a lot of really challenging projects inside the company that are a blast to work on and you get to be around a lot of really intelligent people.
A lot fo things happening, growth
The culture is remarkable here - this is a company that truly abides by its leadership principles. Two in particular stand out. Customer obsession: If you believe that building great products and businesses starts by understanding the customer and committing to solve their goals, you will fit in well. Ownership: If you do your best work when you feel like a business owner and want to have the freedom to dive in, you will fit in well. If you don't match up with either of these statements, you won't succeed.
If you become a "blue badge" the benefits are pretty decent. You get excellent medical/dental/vision for an affordable cost, and you receive RSUs (Restricted stock units) which vest after 2.5+ years. You also become entitled to a monthly performance bonus (based on how the building as a whole performed) and if you work for AmazonFresh, you will receive extra money from a tips pool.
Great place to work in. Lots of smart people. Good work life balance. Decent pay. Interesting projects.
Amazon builds amazing product and Bezos is a genius.
Great environment. Grow fast. Perfect for fresh grads
Above average pay for entry level warehouse work. The general attitude of Amazon is pretty nice at first. Training is thorough.
Work with a lot of smart people
Company is growing like wildfire. And the really care about their employees
Amazon.com care about its associates.
Individual contributions have the potential of making a huge impact. Depending on the group work-life balance is good.
Working with very smart people. Will be able to learn a lot of cutting-edge technologies. Plenties of fun projects and you can choose what you want to work on.
The pay is ok for starting off i guess. You can advance if your a kiss ass. I think those are only the good.
You can learn many open source project and Linux on the job
Very active culture You get to work with very smart people Things move very fast so you don't have time to get bored
Hardworking people committed to constantly innovating and reinventing, ability to create and monitor content, vast and immense experience working in a fast-paced environment that can turn on a dime.
industrial leading technologies, flexible working environment
Working with smart people Ability to influence Act like an owner Always challenged to do better Never a dull moment Scope of your role will always get bigger Have an equal voice across all levels of leadership
Fast paced work environ ment
Very organized work place, clean place to work. They have a process for everything. But they need to have tight control with 1000's of employees working.
Job security: In this economy, job security is a precious commodity. If you can get hired on full time, you have to try hard to get fired. Production quota seems hard to meet at first, but once you're familiar with the process it gets much easier to make rate. Their attendance policy is hands-down the most lenient I've ever seen. Because they use an attendance points system, if you manage it right, you can come and go as you please. If you want to leave early or take a day off simply because you feel like it, you can do that without any retribution.  Benefits: The health insurance is mediocre, but all other benefits are far better. You get free life insurance, free accidental death and dismemberment insurance, free short term/long term disability insurance (which saved my bacon when I was out on medical leave), tuition reimbursement, and $1200 worth of stocks each year.  Co-workers: I've met a lot of great people during my five years at Amazon. You'll have no trouble making new friends.  As a business I have a great deal of respect for Amazon. I've met Jeff Bezos. He's a good guy. A few years ago, he visited our facility for a few days and spent a full shift working in a process. That says something about the man who signs our paychecks.
Good compensation, talented people, pretty interesting projects that impact millions of people on a regular basis. You can see your changes have dramatic affects on the companies bottom line.
Intelligent, face paced, hard working people and environment
Some great engineers. An impressive suite of development and deployment tools.
• Great customer focus, makes it worth building/optimizing customer-facing experiences • The company encourages moving around every 18-24 months, so the exposure to variety is great if you can survive the demanding work environment • It seems to be widely known that this is a harsh working environment so it speaks to your dedication and skill level to work here for any extended period of time.
Pay. You are well compensated for your time while hourly, but once crossing the bridge to salaried... stocks. Variable compensation bonus (monthly or quarterly) . You will work hard, but its challenging/interesting work.
Coaching. Employee Discounts. Customers that are appreciative of assistance. Opportunity to telecommute. Chance to earn prizes and bonus.
Lots of opportunity! Great work environment with lot's of growth. Opportunities to roll up your sleeves and get work done.
Excellent job satisfaction (coming from customer focus) Very laid back dress code & atmosphere Can bring my dog to work. reimburse for parking Lots of extremely smart people all around me highering bar is very high which means people who make it in are
Challenging. Innovative. Iterates to perfection. Customer Centric. Opportunities to roll up your sleeves and get work done.
Good chance for an entry level job which pays well while it lasts.
tier 3 position in inbound with responsibilities
Great benefits, awesome management, fun environment
Working with very smart individuals.
Lot of challenging work, good and smart people to work with
The company truly does care for the customer.
The most innovative company in the market with an incredible offering that really enables the business of the customers. The people who work here at all levels are astounding and brilliant. The product helps the customers like no offering I have ever been a part of. A trully game changing set of tools and solutions.
Pleasant environment. Often freebies, snacks, food... etc. They seem to care about customers
The best part about Amazon is its focus on ownership. You really have the opportunity to contribute to your project, and in more ways than just "here's the feature, code it up". You get to think of how you want to improve the project and are encouraged to do so in anyway you can.  There's not much to say about compensation and benefits. They're around average, but I still list it as a pro.  Free snacks in the kitchen.
I have great coworkers and like the type of work I'm doing for now.
Its been 18 months since my last review, and since then I feel that things have been improving. Amazon started coaching managers in how to do the associate's jobs, and that has made it easier for them to understand problems and help make solutions. Our management in the areas of outbound where I work has been great and they have been very easy to get along with. I have been employed for nearly 5 years now and it seems that in the last year and a half more emphasis has been placed on quality and safety than in years before.  There has also been a more postive outlook among the associates in my area, which has made working here more enjoyable. (Or at least they are not complaining as much?)
Challenging. Innovative. Iterates to perfection. Customer-centric.
You'll work with smart people and learn a lot
Amazon is a fantastic company to work for. Great business model and enthusiasm throughout each facility.
Big techical company is good for me to develop my career.
Bring your dog to work. Lot's of chances for ownership.
Salary is probably on the high side compared to other hi-tech companies for the equivalent positions, though no where near compared to Google or Facebook. Company outlook looks good.
Great training, latest equipment, good start out pay, great people to work with
Things move quickly Lots of opportunities to have a big impact and grow Opportunities to build your own tools/roll your own Challenges of large scale of data and systems
Worked with some of the brightest minds in operations management
Very smart development staff implementing academic computer science solutions to meet incredibly large scale of data and transactions.
Great learning experience..either management or technology
Amazon is a well known, and well liked company -- they actually do care about customers -- and take customer trust and experience very seriously. Different groups and teams are reasonably decoupled, allowing a lot more independence.  If you're the sort of person that likes to work on lots of different bits of software, and constantly jump from fire to fire, it's definitely a better fit than someone who prefers quality.  Amazon also copes very well with the high-level of turn-over by making sure that exposing a lot of people to a lot of things -- to keep employees fungible.
Obscene signing bonuses, great stock offers, lots of opportunity to move up and over, fast-paced
A lot of opportunities to move up Great benefits
The pros are Pay. Benefits. Shifts
Cloud computing is game changing technology to the computer industry. AWS is the undisputed leader in the space. AWS leaders have been able to drive innovations at a very fast pace, adding new features all the time, and reducing price all the time! It is quite cool to work on exciting technology and see the results impacting the world...and at high speed.
great work culture,highly challenging,learning a lot
+ Working with some of the best people in the industry + Very Challenging work
challenging environment- good place to really grow as an employee great job security and company growth 10% discount on purchases on Amazon.com
The people that you will meet and closely work with are some of the most well-balanced intelligent people around. Amazon has grown systems internally, and operates at such a large scale, that solutions that other companies would not think of are built at Amazon.
Get hands dirty on work millions use on daily bases. Unlike Microsoft, this company across the lake does ship code.
Lots of smart people, lots of cool projects, really value their top employees, good compensation
compensation/RSUs, innovative culture, fast pace, allows dogs, opportunity for advancement
Very collaborative environment, constructive meetings, serious customer focus, and amazing long term perspective. Nothing is done to make this quarter look better, it's allways for the long haul.
There will always be work for you to do and you have the opportunity to learn different process paths if your area is slow.
Fast moving, aggressive road map and interesting projects
Customer-centric and fast paced. Always launching new services to customers. Great peers and direct reports, everyone genuinely comes to work ready to work hard. I've seen many entry level employees move to management or analyst positions over the years. Some of the smartest leaders and managers I've worked with have come through the doors at Amazon. Pay is competitive.
The pay is good, and there's a great work environment there, with many chances to prove yourself. There is a constant push to advance your career, and you are given many opportunities to succeed.
People are very friendly and people are asked to do things not ordered
Growing company, very diversified, benefits
Lots of responsibility... Focus on Execution... Good mentorship... Decent compensation... Most prestigious function in the company... Visibility...
big name on resume, you will learn to see the things end to end
A lot of technical questions.
-You're working at the #1 online retailer in the world, thus many of the projects you work on are truly meaningful and rewarding. -You're working with tons of other passionate, overachiever, type-A, business geniuses who genuinely care about the success of the company. Lots of employees are loyal Amazon customers and are working to ensure that the company continues to provide great selection, prices, and customer service. I learned so much from my colleagues, and they inspired me every day. -The new campus is a great working environment. There are tons of dining options nearby, in a variety of price ranges. Parking (if you can land a subsidized spot in a garage) is pretty affordable, dogs are allowed in the buildings, which makes for a relaxing midday break, lots of offices have views of the water, the Space Needle, or the mountains, and there's easy access to downtown, Capitol Hill, or Queen Anne. -Compensation is top-notch. You work hard, yes, but Amazon compensates handsomely in return for all that stress and 60-hour workweeks.
-No micromanagement. Everyone is encouraged to do their job the way they think will be the most productive. You're free to be creative in order to be successful! -Great culture. Dogs, jeans, high-fives, gongs, and some of the smartest people I've ever met! -This is by far the most innovative, progressive, and collaborative business I've had the pleasure of working for. I'm blown away at this huge corporation's ability to function like a start-up. -Upper management is very involved in all day-to-day processes. It's a flatter organization than most.
+ Fascinating work + Immediate global impact + Folks are generally motivated, smart, and capable. + Scale.
Like any other software company
- Strong, customer-focused culture - Work with brilliant and motivated talent - Decent compensation (as long as stock keeps defying gravity) - High degree of ownership, feel like you can make a difference
Good pay, excellent benefits, and opportunities to advance
money, room for creativity/openness to new ideas and trying new things
Great benefits, salary, and career opportunities Surrounded by top talent Looks great on a Resume
Lots of ownership in work product Restricted stock units Lots of autonomy
Good peer level, technology and work.
Amazon is innovative and moves quickly--you'll have the opportunity to learn a lot in a short amount of time--if you don't burn out first.
Very competitive salary for Seattle market
Competative pay Good benefits A few decent people still work there.
Money is the only thing and there are similar paying jobs. The sign on bonus is why people stay for a bit
The pay is competitive. The insurance is very good. You are given a significant amount of responsibility in order to develop.
Can not think of one reason to like this company
It is very fun and challenging.
Great attitude towards customers at all levels and all job functions resulting directly to very happy customers. Very smart colleagues Fun atmosphere Excellent tools People do try to do the right thing
4 day work weeks for most positions, clean and safe work environment, flexible work schedule, stock grants, health care benefits
* Engineers are valued. A lot of focus on giving Engineers the work that is challenging. * Good technological challenges. A lot of interesting problems in the AWS space which are challenging and need creativity. * High impact work. A lot of customers use AWS, and hence the impact is visible in terms of usage, growth, customer feedback.
At Amazon you are surrounded by the most intelligent, creative, problem solving, hard working people from all over the globe. The people are truly amazing. The people are definitely why the company is so successful.
Good relocation compensation. 3 days off.
lots of money and good benefits
Innovative and creative, Amazon pushes the boundaries of e-tailing.
Good pay, nice people room for advancement
Smart and passionate people, interesting problems, and a great connection to the business
- High Hiring Bar - Your career is your responsibility - Gain a lot of experience in a short time - Autonomy is readily granted (just keep on track with your annual goals) - Great place for recent graduates to start careers
Career builder. You will be in the cutting edge of todays technology.
Strong Focus on the customer
-Innovative -Fast paced. -Lots of smart people.
Sometimes you would find an open box of candy to eat.
Smart people Successful business Builds new stuff
Strong customer focus. Good career advancement Choice of many different projects Very smart peoples Great stock price increase
Good pay Decent people Once peak was over, everything became simple
1. Very positive working environment for engineers, coworkers help each other out. 2. Be able to work on cutting edge technologies in Amazon. 3. Amazon got a great leader, Jeff Bazos, who is very smart and has made many right decisions. 4. Amazon dominates the e-retail business. 5. Amazon Web Services (AWS) are doing really well in the cloud computing market.
fast-paced, working friendly,can learn a lot a lot
Learned a LOT by doing lots of different things, good guidance from managers and peers, had tons of responsibilities, great experience post-MBA. Super smart co-workers. A strong customer oriented, disruptive business philosophy that drives amazing innovation and build news business. Great CEO.
Amazon employs the best and the brightest, the culture is metrics-driven and employees are given autonomy and empowered to make decisions.
Projects are interesting. You can get technical challenge with fellow software engineers. There're lots of smart people, here.
You will work with smart people.
You get to build some of the world's leading software.
This company has lots of perks to working for it. Insurance from day one, 10% off Amazon fulfilled products and Paid time off and vacation accruing after 1 pay check.
Great employer. Excellent apy and benefits
Tons of opportunity to move around to different businesses Lots of autonomy Opportunity for ownership Really smart people in business and tech Fast paced
The Staff Managment Group hires real quick. They don't even check back ground!
Nothing special, really. An advantage is that you can push hard for something, and if you're willing to put in the time, you will be able to get it done. If you've got the energy, drive, and chutzpah, you can do well here, but this is a production environment, don't expect cutting edge.  Pay is good.
Rapid growth Strong leadership Lots of opportunities to grow and work on exciting projects Amazon culture (if you're a good fit)
Stable company that has high safety standards when many other warehouses do not
I work as many hours as i want.
Great communication with management, everyone gets treated equally well and trained as opportunities arise.
Very talented people and lot of oppurtunities for improvements career wise.
A forward thinking company that operates at the speed of the Internet
Amazon has key leadership principles that they live and breath by. Everyone is passionate about what they do.
Pay is "ok" for starting pay Hours and schedule ar great
Challenging, face-paced work environment with a strong customer service focus. Employees are encouraged to "Work Hard, Have Fun, Make HIstory". That's just what we're doing!
I appreciate their focus and structure. It seems to me to be a very effective company. We've just recently begun making the transition to an Amazon run fulfillment center and the positive changes are already apparent.
Great company, great pay, can be a lot of fun, great place to lose weight, outstanding training! Love Jeff Besos!
very smart people who care about the company vision and the end customer. Leaders in ecommerce so obviously a lot to learn from one of the best in this space.
-Overtime -Work 4 days and 10 hours a week. -Stock opportunity
- The smart ones are some of the smartest teammates you will ever have - You WILL learn a lot - you get paid like a boss coming right out of school
Strong work environment, good compensation, and good support from Managers. Also a strong team.
they are just good in price and they treat customer like angel but treat their employee like dirt
Great people, scalable systems and pet friendly
great payif their stock is doing well smart people dedicated people
a lot of growth, talented work source, above average benefit
(Reviewed as SMX Temp, from Nov-Jan) Good starting pay, lots of hours during peak. Lots of focus on safety and quality.
fast-paced, competitive pay, great employees, fun co-workers
Positive work environment. Dogs allowed at workstations. Online resources to self-teach.
* Exciting projects that have high visibility and use * Customer-centric focus * Lots of good software engineer tools and frameworks in place
Good salary, Fair opportunity for advancement, smart people
3 days off per week
-Competitive offers (not the best, but still well above average) -Many of the teams have a similar feel to a start up -It is in Seattle (I have mixed feelings about this) -The people here are smart and motivated -Has a kind of "hands off" management style, at least where I work. The mentality is that as long as I get my work done appropriately, all is good. -You can go from team to team, department to department, and continuously learn new things. You can jump from low end server management to high end app development for example. -The company is going places both from a financial sense (have you looked at their stock recently and its trend?) and a technology sense -The teams are generally kept small and for my team at least, leads to better communication
Some of the smartest and passionate people you will meet. When Amazon talks about putting the customer first, it is not just talk. The entire focus of every team is figuring out how to serve their immediate customers better which in turn can be very exciting. The influence that a single person can have is great as high performers are able to take control of their career and do what they wish with it.
Friendly coworkers and relaxed environment. Pay and benefits are great, hard to find another job that meets what they offer in this area. Work from Home opportunities
You have chance to learn new things
start you off with great sign on bonus and benefits, relocation company they use is great, and the stock options are great.
Recruiters are polite, thorough, very organized. Schedule phone screenings and any additional phone interviews as needed. You are given sufficient time to ask and/or email all questions and I found HR to be quite helpful in the early stages. It is a lengthy process , however they are clear about this upfront.
Very Dynamic, good place to start career, learn lot of things in less period of time, Business is growing and expanding so too many things to learn
Easy quick hiring process. And for that it does pay better then most quick hire jobs. Easy to learn operations and decent work out.
Good hiring bonus Their stock keeps doing well Good company for college hires
amazon is a growing company with many interesting problems. the complexity and scaling of the business bring a lot of challenges.
great workplace specially with my co-workers
I am impressed by what I have seen in Amazon so far. it is very efficient and well managed. The sense of ownership and customer focus is so strong that you can feel it from employees in all levels. You have opportunity to work with bunch of smart people. People here are kind and willing to offer help as long as you ask.
a lot of talented people
Interesting and challenging problems to solve, good mobility, plenty of opportunity to improve and challenge yourself. Amazon is "a tech company that just happens to do e-commerce", and so developers are first class citizens and the business revolves around delivering technology.
Industry leader Long term vision Great in execution
The only pro is that the facility has a set schedule 99% of the time. Cheap benefits that people can afford.
1) Pay is market rate 2) Very smart people
fast paced, fun, 4 day week, new and improved onsite coaching, weekly pay, paid training
The people were great. I met a lot of people that I was happy to work with. Most of the area managers were good people.
Very innovative, very start up and very smart people. You must be on top of your game to survive. There is an inherent culture to minimize internal politics.
Amazon hires very smart people. Getting hired is hard, but you will work with some of the brightest engineers out there.  The total compensation is nice. Do not flinch at having part of your compensation be RSUs. Even if stock price goes down, your compensation will be adjusted. Because Amazon sees RSU as part of the compensation, they will fix it with market fluctuations. There really is only upside. No, you won't retire on RSU....won't buy a house....maybe a nice car is stock goes through the roof.
Amazon is a excellent place to work.
The pay at Amazon is very fair
Coworkers are really smart You learn a ton Generally very fast-paced
Stock keeps going up :) Get to learn a lot from team mates. Great managers (for the most part) You can take on as much responsibility as you want and grow. Chance to be part of one of the fastest growing 100Billion company
Smart people, company is growing, lot of opportunity if you can connect with right folks. City of Seattle is beautiful (more on it below)
Good pay, talented & fun coworkers, flexible hours, work from home, wide selection of food trucks at lunch time
Multi-billion dollar company that is relatively new. Plenty of room to climb the corporate ladder. They count two years of Amazon experience as a bachelors degree.
-competitive salaries with RSUs -entrepreneurial spirit and ability to make a difference -work/life balance is possible if you manage it
Good benefits. Very sharp people, cutting edge (with some blood flowing). Excellent hiring bonus. There are excellent "pockets" of staff -- but they tend to be the exception and not the rule.
Pays is decent, not the best but decent
the ability to impact your business quickly and in an action oriented way smart talented people, some of the smartest I've ever worked with good benefits
Amazon is a great entry place for engineers. A mix of some ability and some drive will get an entrant into the full engineering exposure at a fast pace. Most of the direct software managers have engineering backgrounds mostly as experienced engineers at the company they don't just know about the technology but will have insight into relative teams too.
* Learn from the best * Plenty of opportunity to move around - (If you last long enough) * Decent to Good Compensation - (but maybe not so much if you divide by the number of hours you work.) * Compensation is good related to cost of living in Seattle
Great place to learno about a global business
Good salary, some nice people, lots of change, mangement open to ideas.
Working at large scale, service oriented architecture, operational effectiveness, resume experience.
Lot of learning opportunities. Very intelligent co-workers. The scale of problems are so big, only few companies have problems at such large scale.
- Cutting edge technology (at least in some groups) - Excellent tooling/infrastructure for SDEs. Good (not too burdensome) processes. - Smart engineers - Good pay and decent benefits - Stock doing well so RSUs can be worth a lot (if you join at a low point in stock price).
1) diversity in teams you can try out 2) Solid technology company 3) smart coworkers
You will learn a lot. There are some great people here. South Lake Union is lovely.
They give a good start up pay with monthly bonuses Healthcare Plans
+ Very smart people -- people aren't only smart intellectually, they are also fairly diverse, so you can actually start to live a normal "life" even if you hang out only with work friends. + Opportunities are easy to come by if you are: a) Able to prove that you can get stuff done, and b) Driven to find the opportunities. All you have to do is ask.
Pay very well with good benefits Allow for creativity. Anyone who has a good idea is told to go try it, if it works it's implemented throughout the company
Amazon has a high hiring bar with competitive compensation and bonuses, and therefore bright people you can learn a lot from about new cutting edge and large scale technologies.
You're always going to have opportunities to grow within the company. You have a great way to gain experience through mentor-ships. Amazon has a very casual work environment.
Amazon keeps making bold moves and placing big bets, and while it may appear to be a sophisticated company that is laying waste to competitors on the outside, the culture is self-critical and constantly looking for new ways to invent and deliver new and delightful services to our customers. If you work for an influential technology department at Amazon, it is a fantastic place to learn what it means to launch a business from the ground up - from the inception of an idea to getting a public launch across the finish line.
pay, growth, opportunities to learn and innovate
good salary is the pros
-The compensation is pretty good overall -Offices have ping pong tables -Fully paid bus pass is pretty nice to have
Restricted Stock bonuses are very good (as long as the stock continues to appreciate.) Smart, highly motivated people -- similar to B-School. A wealth of opportunities.
Commitment to customer excellence. Ability to effect change at all levels. Maintaining an entrepreneurial spirit in a large company. Amazing growth potential. Opportunities to grow in role and experience Globally
amazonis always changing oppurtunity does rise and fall
Great leadership that sets the tone right with long term strategic bets. You have the platform made available to lead from the front on things you want to change. Lots of opportunity to work on high impact problems.
-You'll work with some of the smartest people in the world...literally -You'll have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge businesses that are changing the landscape of almost every industry -People are cool and down-to-earth -Decisions get made quickly, bureaucracy is limited -Reputation for poor work-life balance is outdated
Fast paced environment Recognition Growth Excellent co workers
Good compensation, lax working environment.
Coming from MSFT as a Program Manager, I find Amazon's focus on the customer to be an amazing and generally fulfilling experience. - Generally work / life balance is OK, with peaks and valleys (peaks near launch obviously). - Salary is better than I had before, so no complaints - Health is OK (though I had Premiera @ MSFT, so hard to compete w/that) - Stock is good - for now.
learn a lot of advanced distributed system technologies and see it work at super large scale
Company is heavy on tech savvy individuals. They constantly strive to develop their employees to re-think their current level of thought and learning by challenging them to expand their knowledge base with new means to expand their willingness to "be right a lot." They have a high hiring bar, and those who do meet those expectations work to meet expectations to become permanent employees. Amazon also encourages constant reevaluation of their practices by all employees, in the form of weekly meetings in which a team member can suggest changes directly to the management team. Also, Amazon recruits from a wide variety of disciples, not only technical, which I personally feel is a huge positive.
1. During your internship you get to work on real projects 2. Mentor and other colleagues are knowledgeable and helpful 3. Salary and relocation package is very good 4. Interns are considered for full-time job offer
Steep learning curve. You will get a chance to influence products that are being used by millions. Experience looks good on your resume.
Customer centric and employee friendly.
average benefits but nothing compared to others in s/w industry (2007-2008 timeframe)
1. Technology driven at the core 2. Guaranteed to work on hard problems 3. Get to impact the customer 4. Really smart people
- high density of smart people - amazing brand name association - good salaries - RSUs is a great way to ride the wave of the company's success - experience of working in a company operating in multiple industries
Great culture. Large company. Lots of opportunity with Kaizen and process improvement. Plenty of autonomy as a manager.
They do try to keep morale up with company parties and picnics, individual groups also have frequent outings. Good benefits, health, life, local transit. The longer you work, the more vacation you get...tops out at 4 weeks per year.
Company advancement, very good benefits.
The management is amazing and the internship experience is equally amazing. I have learned more at the company in 3 months than I did in my entire degree in college.
Career opportunities and development path
Amazon can be a great place to work depending on how you want to job to be and where you want to go with your career. There are lots of great opportunities but the job is frequently rough. - fun culture - lots of interesting work - company is currently heading a great direction
Smart people, best of the best. Leadership Principles can be very inspiring when everyone executes them accordingly.
-CHallenging work -Fast paced environment -Learn a lot in very short amount of time -Satisfying job -Excellent team
The pay is decent, and there do seem to be plenty of opportunities for advancement if you're looking to stay in this line of work.
Extremely customer-centric, values are in the right place, consistently interesting work
Amazon "hordes" smart people and you work with a lot of smart people. The business is ever changing, even expanding so you get lots of opportunities and challenges.
- Great development and ownership culture - Quality products are valued and efforts are made to fix low-quality ones - Fantastic quantity of components and services to re-use - Management cares about their employees
Everyone works hard, but at the same time, we all have fun while working. All the employees are there to help you with any issue.
smart people enjoy the work and less smart people complain the work, it's a place that makes you grow up.
Huge amount of stock, so as the company does well so do you
They pay well. That's it.
Big Computer, the benefit is good for new graduate, also, you can study the newest technology here.
great benefits and good benefits
Great Pay for the position. Lots of opportunities for advancement. A solid, well educated, brilliant management team. It is clear this company seeks out and hires the best! Stock Units and great signing bonus that spans two years.
Good growth opportunities and support
Gain a lot of valuable experience while working on cool projects
Extremely smart and passionate people. You will learn alot by working here and it is not something I would regret but it's a decision you will have to make.
Smart People Abound at Amazon
Hires the best. I have worked with (mostly) amazing people. That is one of the biggest pleasures of working here. There are some truly great people who work here. It's a very creative, fast paced company that expects a lot out of the people it hires, which means the people that get through are ready for a challenge.
- Good name on resume, and accelerated experience at all levels - Decent salary packages, with sign-in bonuses and RSUs - Somewhat decent exposure to upper level management compared to many other companies - Fast pace of work - High growth company with several positions open most of the time - Good opportunity to gain some leadership experience at all levels - Great customer-obsession driven environment, and people truly live by that value!
Challenging problems from real world combined with Amazon scale makes most scalable solutions obsolete in few years. Pace of development is fast. Each employee is a leader and an owner. Its great to be among people who are constantly improving things because they want to and not because they are asked to.
Great potential and awesome culture... everyone is bought in to the mission to provide for our customers
I interact with extremely talented and intelligent people who continually challenge my professional and personal development. From working on new MBA projects to advising on global strategy my Amazon experience s far has add to my stack of skills, insight and optimism in the human spirit to innovate simplify and evolve customer experiences.
The people care about each other.
Not much really. The org i work in is has few avg engineers. There is somethings you can learn "What not to do" in software
Smart People, Big Ideas, Big Business, great pay
.Amazon is very hot now, grows up really fast, and attract a lot eyes, the business model and future is brilliant, job here is kind of stable, not lay off.  .The interview technical bar is really high, only best is hired, you will be proud of becoming Amazonian.  .The compensation package is good, but not perk or freebies.  .A lot of new technologies and really smart engineers around, everyday you will meet new questions and people around always can help you out.
They have shifts for everyone
Like minded people, lots of potential to learn
You can get to work at some cutting edge stuff -- if you manage to find a good team. At its best, Amazon can be a great place to work.
great work environment, always something new to learn and be tought. great challanges and goals.
Opportunity to work with lots of super smart people Plenty of opportunity to contribute meaningfully at any level I haven't seen the problems with power plays, politics, or management egos that I hear about in other big companies.
Salary is ok, not the best for the work required, Benefits are great
Extremely customer focused - it is engrained in the company's culture to think about the customer in every aspect of decision making Fast paced environment that encourages quick ship cycles Frugal
The pay was fair compared to local competition.
Great customer service, name recognition, taking risks
Get hired through Integrity very fast. Amazon will hire anyone. Friendly co-workers.
Amazon is a revolutionary company and tons of growth potential
Always room to grow if you want to.
- Very, very bright people  - Very supportive and nurturing environment
Innovation is key. Keeping an open mind to make changes for the better. Keeping on the move at all times to make changes and better the process is necessary to survive.
Strong leadership, above average pay, and a desire to see their people succeed.
good corporate model and good teams. Enjoyed working here, everyone is very helpful and enjoy working on our project. good choice for new grads.
Strong company focus on innovation and providing a good customer experience
Speed to market, great talent, nice perks, cutting edge tech. I really liked being at the center of the rebirth of the retail giant after the .bomb commentary. Autonomous work environment allows for as much success as an individual can create.
Fast Growing company You get more space and freedom to work your way
Great health benefits. Free parking.
-Approachable leadership -Thorough training to feel confident that you're doing your job correctly -Plenty of staff to assist you if you have a question -Friendly work environment -Great pay for the position -Excellent health benefits -Plenty of room for growth -Plenty of locations if you decide to move -I feel valued -Awesome facilities -Flexible schedules
- Smart People - Innovative Company - Lots of Autonomy in many areas of company - Intense Passionate Place -- I consider this a pro most of the time :)
You get paid every two weeks.
Company shows real desire to help you improve yourself. If you make the effort you can move up.
Great culture. You are an owner and that mentality is seen throughout the organization. If you have an idea, you go with it and management allows you to drive initiatives for the most part. Fun atmosphere. Our saying is very accurate: Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History!
High level of responsibility. Amazon is growing bigger and bigger every second of every day. Self directed independent activities 85% of the time. Great place to gain a ton of experience and increase knowledge base to expert level in health and safety field very quickly due to volume, number of employees, and organizational structure. Good benefits/Variable compensation plan (monthly bonus)
Technology obsessed smart people around you. Strong and visionary leadership team Lots of growth opportunities
Salary well above industry average. I also find agile development practices such as scrum and continuous delivery being very motivating.
Work with lots of talented individuals on products that are used by millions of people Path for promotion as an individual contributor
1. Pay is not bad. 2. Work is fun and promising. 3. Most importantly, team is good!
Smart people, cool problems, bottom-up decision-making  If you are young and aggressive, this is a place you can make real difference. Just make sure you get into a good team with a good manager.
The company pays good salaries and, for the lucky ones, they offer a decent environment to work. Amazon is a huge channel and will make your work reach incredible visibility around the world, but don't fool yourself, you won get any extra bonus because your uncountable extra hours of hard work
friendly smart people and good management depending on team
Great, friendly, relaxed environment. Excellent benefits
Co-workers who are self-motivated, You can have an enjoyable work environment, Associates have a voice and, if persistent, can affect change, Management is starting to make positive changes in how they interact with Associates, Annual Pay reviews determine increases, Monthly performance bonuses and annual gift of Stock options,
- Incredibly talented and driven people - Non-existent politics - You learn a LOT every day
The compensation is good, the working environment is excellent, and you are surrounded by motivated, intelligent people.
Company is driven by metrics and making money but they will gobble employees up along the way.
The biggest pro is that, there are so much things you can learn. You will never regret it. (Do internship here if you have an opportunity) Before I join Amazon, I did not know the company had one of the best technology to manage overall systems & environments. Very flexible work hours. I get to office by 10am or 11am. Good compensation, and stock options which is rallying every month. Good benefits, some employ discounts, free public rides in Seattle. Having Amazon on resume is definitely pro. Few years ago, environment for SDEs were pre-mature, but I think it is very stable nowadays, and you can take great benefits and speed up development process.
Meritocracy is promoted and rewarded 3 Days off per week The speed of growth of company enables meteoric rise for high performers
- Incredibly interesting work even for an administrative role - Global exposure - Inner workings of a company building an ecosystem - Good communications - Company culture expects high amount of research, data-driven analysis and written assessment (1 and 6-pagers) which leads to great discussion, vetting and decision making processes - Regular process changes are made using Kaizen principles - Relatively flat organization in terms of its size. Anyone at any level can speak up and is expected to.
The company is objective, unemotional and focussed. For a certain type of old-school mathematician nerd (not the new-age script-kiddies), this can be a good thing. There are no company wide memos on "culture" or "grand visions". Everything you do has an objective, and a measurable, well-defined outcome. You know why you're doing something and that helps you make decisions faster, easier and more efficiently.  The company is growing, aggressive and I believe the only company able to withstand Apple. The company genuinely cares about customers - that's not rhetoric. You can find an Amazon engineer at 3:00am in the morning, shake them out of deep sleep, drug them and ask them why a certain decision was made. Whether they're on-guard or off-guard, the answer won't change. If something impacts customers in a positive way, it will be done.
Chances to work with brilliant people on products impacting millions of customers. Lots of interesting challenges. Potential for high visibility projects.
Once you learn the warehouse process, the job is fairly easy and you are left alone as long as you are making rate. A 4 day work week is nice (Only off-peak) Overtime is available for those who need it.
Talented people and fantastic ideas. Salary high. Seattle nice city for summer.
AWS is the right direction
Great Benefits, Wages, Monthly Bonuses
Good pay, a lot of room to work at your own pace and make your rate. Well ventilated areas and easy access to water or free Gatorade.
The company feels very exciting and innovative. They are growing rapidly and driving creative solutions for customers. Some managers and development groups are really good, and some not. If you find a good manager, you might have a good experience.
Career Development - Amazon has a create performance management process and toolset compared to other small, medium, and large companies I've worked for. Goals & competencies to be evaluated against, and a discipline of regular 1:1's really helped.  Focus on Operations - Amazon understands that poor availability is as important to the bottom line as new features.  The People - the people are smart, from recruiting to development to infrastructure. They believe in the vision of the company and in the products, and they produce high-quality work because of that.
Salary is ok, initial stock offering is good
Cross-training available Opportunities to advance with consistent work Good benefits, average hourly pay Feedback is welcomed both ways: from employee to management or vice versa
- Fun work culture - RSU's - Seattle is a great town in the summer
Nice compensation package and workspace.
Aamzon is a great company to work for
Great environment and team members. Challenging problems to solve and you get to own the entire end to end chain. some people see this as a burden I see it as valuable experience. Close to the city makes it very easy to access people and places. Work on problems that need to scale
Very smart people Vast variety of businesses which in turns allows you the flexibility to move around
Rock solid core business. Exceptional growth and cool projects all around. Good middle management and excellent Senior/Top management. Smart SDEs all around.
You will learn a lot, especially if you are in the beginning of your career. You will have the chance to learn about the bigger picture and will have a say in deciding the future of the team. You can even propose ideas targeting specific problems that you have observed. If the management likes it you will get to work on it.
Role changing versatility Rapidly growing company
The pay is awesome, 3 day weekends, montly bonuses, stock options, 401k
Lots of challenges. Easy to move to a different job in the company. Always something new happening. You have the software, hardware and training you need. Nice offices in Seattle.
Everyone you work with is amazingly intelligent. Work and technology moves at a fast pace, so you're always challenged to learn and become efficient at every task.
Working with the smartest and brightest people in the industry
Extremely driven and intelligent workforce. Technically saavy and able to use technology to improve processes.
Innovative, opportunity to impact changes easily, exciting fast paced environment.
Fast Paced, surround by like minded professionals, great compensation.
Just Started and I already have so many opportunities to succeed with the company.
Great Hours with starting pay at $11 which isn't the best but get an 25cent raise every six months. medical and dental is great
Amazon hires some of the most motivates, talented people I have ever work with. Everyone seems to care and the weak tend to leave the company pretty quickly. The signing bonus and stock options are good but only for the first four years. Company is growing so lots of career opportunities.
Everyone is definitely hard working, and there is always the atmosphere to seek out the best and do the right thing
The pay is reasonable and customers are treated great. Works hard to satisfy customers needs and wants.
job security and opportunity to travel if you wish to help open new fullfillment centers or ambassador new hires to amazon
their architecture internal eco system some of the best minds are working around you visionary management
Smart people, interesting projects IF you are lucky enough to be on that team.
Most teams at AMZN are packed with smart people who just want to build awesome stuff and do it cheaply and efficiently. Management honestly cares about customers and the bottom line at the same time. The community of people there will jump to help a colleague with any problem, professional or personal, with a smile. Many more teams care about work-life balance and operational happiness in the last few years.
Consistent growth, Safe, and Decent Wage
A very results driven company where you have opportunity to shine
Good pay fast enviroment. the coworkers are some of the best persons you could work with. Security personal is some of the best around.
great schedule, ot available occasionally now, will be plentiful during peak season
-Always challenging work -Make a difference to bottom-line -Always helping customers -Learn from REALLY smart people -Great pay
Culture, People, Experience, Atmosphere, Business insight
Like company's culture, which is customer driven. Not just for money. Like start up like atmosphere. Everyone is talented and works hard.
1. Opportunity to work with large scale systems. 2. Great for new grads to learn how service oriented systems work. 3. Work with smart people.
Amazon is one of the few companies in the United States where a software development engineer can create products (e.g., EC2, S3, EBS) that customers are rapidly adopting all over the world. And you can be sure that the engineers you'll be working with will be very talented and productive too.
Excellent company growth with a lot of smart and driven individuals
Some of the most fun and brightest people I've ever worked with work at Amazon Good location in downtown Seattle, as opposed to a suburban campus Fairly good pay (make sure you negotiate for it)
Monthly bonuses. Health dental and eye insurance. Growing company if you put your time in you can move up in company. Overtime available and 401k options
Smart people, some challenging computer science problems on _some_ teams. Growing stock
Despite having a bad experience I would still recommend working at Amazon. I can only speak for my experience within my team, not the entire company. Some Pros are: You have the opportunity to invent and not be tied down by too many processes and paperwork. Great internal resources and tools to grow. A lot of talented team members. Fun work environment. Compensation and benefits are very competitive.
Amazon hires only the best and brightest, so you will work with an incredible smart bunch of people. They also do cool things. Every day. So you will work on some of the most exciting projects anywhere.
Never bored, lots to do.
Amazon is a great place to learn, but the company will burn you out if you let them. Most people at the company are fairly young due to the demanding schedules, but it is a challenging, fun place to work. Pay is average, but stock bonuses raise total compensation above most employers especially when the stock price goes up significantly in a year.
Great corporate experience Interesting projects Inspiring people Energetic corporate culture
Pay and benefits are very good for management. You can also get promoted faster than just about anywhere else. You are judged on your performance, not just who likes/dislikes you.
There is always work available Meet and work with awesome people Brand name company Offers bonus and RSU's
Great pay, benefits, name brand company. Never a dull moment. Some of the people are really cool to work with. Truly focused on customer experience.
Relaxed, casual environment where I feel valued and I feel like my opinion matters. I can talk to anyone about anything. People listen when I point out problems and how to fix them. Everyone is really friendly, I get along with everyone on my team. When I have a question, it's easy to find someone who knows the answer, or who knows the person who does.
The good thing is that they pay you for your work. in addition they have some really great and smart people that you get to work with. The best people usually move up in the company.
solid technology company that provides you multitude of challenging opportunities for your career. SLU campus is a great place to work at. Overall my experience has been mostly positive
Very challenging, they constantly push you to do you best.
Pay...tolerable. Benefits...just acceptable. Good place to work to see what's out on the market...product wise.
Good comradely among the engineers. Very customer focused. You can pretty much kill any bad idea with "customers will hate it" argument.  Agile program management means you'll keep up with what your team members are doing on a daily basis.  Nearly everything is client/service architecture. Which if your team does it well, allows your to do whatever is best for your solution to your problem area without having huge migration issues with your clients.  Generally managers are too busy to have those useless weekly meetings. (If you have daily ones why have a regular weekly one? You can always schedule a topic meeting to go over design issues etc.)  Good and getting better support for bicycling to work. (bike cages, showers, lockers, and towels)  Discount on buying stuff on their website.
attendance policy, and the values of the company even though they are not followed.
- Above average compensation packages if you negotiate for it - There are some interesting and unique initiatives to get involved with. - Some people are fun & nice to work with.
decent pay, nice location, can be fun place to work depending on the team/boss.
“Amazon is a great company with an elite operations arm.”
Good pay, Overtime opportunities, and multiple warehouse locations gives transfer opportunities throughout the united states.
1. Super exciting projects. 2. Strong colleagues. 3. Decent payment.
Signing Bonus*- Or so its called. It's actually your stock grant for the next 4 years. Its a nice chunk of change assuming the stock price stays absurdly high. If it comes down to the rest of the market, your SOL.
They have good benefits and they try really hard to work with their employees. They are a customer driven company.
Great climate, strong push to deliver results, big organization yet fostering innovation and start up mentality
The other employees are great to work with and a few of the managers actually do care. They always need help so overtime is no problem.
Compensation is cool. Good joining bonus and stock options (but it is distributed over a substantial period of time as part of emp retention). Great learning about various latest technologies, scalability factors, immediate impact etc.
Employees are encouraged to demonstrate leadership skills at any job level. Encourages knowledge sharing, changing of job roles and internal transfers. Amazon maintains internal wiki, which contains lots of information, it is useful during initial learning curve for new employees
exposure to the brilliance of 100s of smart developers work with latest technologies constant improvement in tools that aid in development
Excellent team work, Safety number one
There are lots of big data sets with opportunity to apply machine learning techniques. There are many talented engineers making this a good place to grow technically.
Startup feel Talented team Broad scope of work Rapidly growing business
FOCUS ON COMMUNICATION: Amazon does a good job communicating at the employee level. At many large comanies, the sheer size of the company means things slow down. Amazon does a great job focusing on communication tools to ensure information is disciminated as needed. Use of email, OCS, IRC, multiple ticking systems, and ancilary tools to find people help ensure information can get to where it needs to be now.  OWNERSHIP OF TASKS: Each department has authority to do what it needs to do without excessive input from management. Even during major issues, regular employees can make the call to execute large scale solutions without having to go to management for approval. Teams themselves own day to day tasks and are responsible for them, often operating as a small business within the company . This allows each team to support their internal customers quickly with out office politics and meddling by multiple levels of management.  LEARNING ABILITY: There is so much to do that after 1 or 2 years in a position, you are encouraged to move to another department if you so desire. This allows you to take your current skills, build on them, and grow into a new job. However, if you decide to stay put, technology changes so rapidly that you'll be constantly learning new programming skills, new operating systems, and new tools.  MANAGEMENT OF POOR PERFORMERS: Up or out. It's that simple. Not performing, improve or you're gone. Poor performers cannot hide and are not tolerated. Managers have to fight for their employees every year and explain why everyone is valuable and should stay. If you don't perform, you'll be at the bottom of the pool and looking for your next job.  KNOWLEDGEABLE CO-WORKERS: Although Amazon does not focus on education but multiple factors in hiring, it seems as if most people have advanced degrees. Not just that, but everyone is a super-star. If you think you know all there is to know about your job and are the top person in your company, Amazon will show you there are plenty of people better than you. That provides the drive for employees to learn, grow, and improve.  FOCUS ON EMPLOYEES: Of course, this depends on the department as well. But, most departments do a great job of focusing on employees. Many jobs can be stressful and hectic at times. But, management takes care of their employees. Some teams have a cereal breakfast bar available every day, a Friday afternoon happy hour with food, beer, and wine (yes, in the office!), and quarterly fun events / outings. This is in addition to the Director or VP walking the cubes just to pop in and say hi and see how things are going.
Great benefits, easy-going, understanding managers, you get a raise every 6 months as a Tier 1 associate (aka entry level position), monthly bonuses for every employee, multiple shifts, they allow you to switch shifts/positions after 90 days in a position
4 day work week is great
- working on innovative, cutting edge technologies - being part of something which will affect millions of people world wide - being surrounded by the most talented, passionate people in the software industry
By far the biggest pro is the stock price: stock tripled while I was there. Also, at Amazon I had the chance to to work with some of the most dedicated and hardest working individuals in my life. This can be good or bad, but I am putting in the Pros: everyone I worked with at Amazon is very smart.  If you work incredibly long hours after a few years you may get promoted. And if the stock price is moving in your favor, this could be a big chunk of change in your pocket.
* Good experience for a junior recruiter looking to learn the ropes -- suck it up for 2-3 years  * Great for an agency recruiter to make the transition to corporate  * The business (in theory) has ownership over the recruiting process ((in theory, recruiting is not a back office function)  * Take your dog to work  * The pay is okay, but you have to negotiate for it (including an additional week of vacation in the first year. And go for a high salary because you won't want to stay long enough to get your stock.)
Retail and Search are good . they actually work on developing new features and lot of opportunities to work on cutting edge technologies . amazon highly focus on perl - mason , java . Many systems are already in place so you can reuse existing system and work on developing new features . very good monitoring tools and great place to learn if you land in right org .
Dynamic environment and valuable experience
Amazon is a great place to work. Management does a great job of engaging associates. Get hired if you can! great growth opportunities.
- Nice colleagues - Good ownership - Customer oriented
Innovative, lots of career opportunity, decent pay, better than average benefits. Exponential company expansion: every day there seems to be an entirely new group or division created.
location, salary, bring dogs to work
lots of challenging problems and deals with lots of data
Amazon is vary quality and customer focused. It is great to work for a company that truly cares. Most of the people are fantastic. They are very smart, and knowledgeable. On the other hand they are not stuck up like some people. You can get lots of work done without playing ego games. There is always something new and exciting to work with/on. For the most part resources are there when you need them.
- No prior experience needed to join. You don't have to be an expert in distributed systems to get a job. The interviews are also not that tough. If you go through all the interviews posted at glassdoor.com and careercup.com, you should be fine. - Great co-workers. Team work is really good at Amazon and you see heros all around, constantly fighting the madness. - Product moves fast and very little beaurocracy (no three month long project reviews, you deploy the code and see what breaks, then fight to stabilize things overnight).
*NOTE: these are generalizations. Crappy managers and co-workers do exist*  -Smart and skilled people -Highly motivated people -During any type of "political debate," asking what is best for the customer usually gets people on the same page -Easy to move around the company. In fact, it's encouraged. -Things are done for a reason -Managers seem to be s**t umbrellas rather than s**t funnels. -Due to the ridiculous scale of our systems, the one in a billion edge case keeps us up at night -The promotions thing is done on a strict merit basis. If everyone in a department deserves a promotion, they all get it. There is no quota. But each promotion / review is heavily vetted with a bunch of management folks. -I can drink on the job. We have weekly beer bashes and occasional nerf wars. It's a pretty good balance of youth and older, more experienced folks. -Management is in tune with you, and what you want to do / are doing. Most teams have weekly one-on-ones with their manager to just chat. -Management is responsive and receptive
It's well known, and you could gain much work experience for your future career plan
Overtime almost always available. Opportunities for advancement. Variety of shifts.
The people are real down to earth and the pay is decent for the line of work you do.
I had a good time working for the funnest team at Amazon. The people were super chill, the work is allright, the pay is good.
Amazon encourages personal development and strenth building in the daily operations .Amazon also promotes safety and a safe working enviroment
challenging but very exciting at amazon
Amazon is a place where you have an unlimited amount of issues/projects to work on. The company is operated very lean - which means there is always work and interesting problems to solve. You are surrounded by the best of the best when it comes to co-workers. All very bright and focused.
1.very smart people 2. Friendly environment for the most part 3. Very heavy on technology and services
At this call center they hand out candy every once and a while. You can decorate your desk any way you like. They give out food for certain holidays/occasions. Most everyone is nice and the pay is good for the area.
Lots of intelligent employees, and a culture of hard work and data-driven analysis.
lots of projects to choose from
Great advancement opportunities if you put in the work and time. Not great for someone with a family and needs to be home every night before 6pm.
Nice working environment and good compensation
Great, stable company. They absolutely put the customer first. Really smart people work here, and everyone seems to have that "of course we can!" attitude.
* The environment constantly pushes you to learn something new * Always a new problem to solve - Not boring at all. * Making a difference to customers - Satisfying
Career growth is unparalleled Challenging work Smart people Interesting projects Strong compensation package
surrounded by smart people prime location - downtown seattle ok compensation young work force world class technology customer focus and obsession
There are great engineers all over the company. And the older divisions, like retail and supply chain are reasonably paced and supported.
a good place to learn
Resume padding, Cool people come to promote their books & music, nice location in seattle
Great benefits There is a great deal of in-house hiring Employees come from very diverse backgrounds, most employees are very nice. Great tools provided
Great brand recognition and smart employees. Good vacation, medical, dental, health benefits. Is dog friendly in most of the campus.
Flexible work environment, challenge tasks, friendly teammate
Lots of smart people, lots of freedom to invent and develop business solutions and lots of growth potential generated by how much the company is growing.
The best thing about working at Amazon is getting to work on extremely difficult problems with incredibly brilliant people. The environment encourages proactive people and empowers you to change the things you think are broken.
Tremendous growth is continuing offering many new opportunities.
Benefits growing and ability to transfer
many teams working for different business. relative open technology. small team.
Amazon has amazing benefits. Promotions are always avaiable. Cant complain about the pay. Have been with company for 9.5 yrs and dont plan on leaving.
Amazon.com is a great place to get started in your career. It will teach and challenge you at the same time. Project work can be challenging (5% of the time)  The kind of people who work in the company are very smart and will keep you on your toes. The customer centrism is a strong guiding force in the company, and it is reflected in everything the company does.
My pay check to start. I like the fact this is a growing company. I am very open to new ideas just as Amazon is. I feel that this company will far exceed any expectations most would give credit for.
You are in front and make a significant difference in emerging markets and budding technology not only in the US but also globally.
Benefits are comparable to any large company. Annual Salary and Bonus will draw in most outside talent.
Opportunity to learn new fields and areas of the business. Fair to hourly employees. Good Opportunities for advancement
Competitive Salary, Good benifits, WFH flexibility
-Seemed like I was surrounded by a lot of top grads and MBAs, even in the unsexy Vendor Management area. -Floors I worked on pretty well cleared out by 5:30-6pm, so employees not encouraged to stay late (though some were definitely having to remote in from home after they left, I'm sure). -Folks were encouraged to jump around to various departments and job titles to continue their growth. -Get to add 'eCommerce' with the world's biggest online retailer to your resume. -Lots of room to maneuver and responsibility in your job title -Very respectful attitude toward employees. You could 'question authority' for real. Actually saw VPs show up to team meetings regularly in one dept., and you were expected to ask them difficult questions. And Amazon's famous cheapness (yes, they do really use hollow core doors with 4x4s bolted on for desks) extended to VP offices - smack in the middle of the cubicles. (Worked at a small company before this and we never, ever saw the VPs.)
Good Benefits Tons of opportunity network wide
It's great being an Amazon customer Amazon is an interesting place to work and a great brand Technology is often cutting edge General talent level of employees is very high A good place for people who want to 'make things happen' A good place to learn
The pay was most definitely a plus especially in this hard of times. The only other thing that was at all positive were the people that worked there.
Amazon has very talented people and open work environment. It's a great place to understand how web companies operate from ground up.
-brand name (for now) -being associated with the #1 Ecommerce company in the world -bring pets to work -casual dress -#3 company admired by customers
Customer-centric. People are generally impressed when you tell them you work at Amazon.
Fast paced exciting opportunities to work on always something to do, never have to be bored smart people to work with
This is a great place to work with all the development opportunities and moving up with your career  benefits and time off are amazing
Stable work Hourly rate is competitive Paid Training Pretty decent benefits package Certifications are all done on site which makes getting work going a breeze
Very fast paced development cycles. Small teams hence each member has good responsibilities and ownership of project. Small sprints of design, implementation, test and deploy.
Good schedule, generous personal time, great benefits
The company has some amazing engineers and a few good development managers. They'll provide nice new Macs for work as well.
Company offers many opportunities. There is a smart workforce and strong focus on execution. There is minimal hierarchy which allows the ability to get things done quickly. There is a good opportunity to be exposed or work internationally.
Looks great on your resume. :-) Once you're in, there are multiple opportunities to move around, learn new skills, and you can really create your own path up to a point. Beautiful campus, beautiful city (Seattle).
Pro's at Amazon include great customers and some co-workers. There are lots of very smart, motivated, professional people at this company. Working with them can help you raise your game. Also, should you be both lucky and smart with your expectations, with the right if timing when joining Amazon you can make decent money over their 4 year vesting cycle. Thats provided the stock is low enough to see the effort pay off.  Oh, you can bring your dog to work.  I have no regrests for having worked at Amazon. I knew what I was signing up for when I joined.
Fast Paced, work on interesting and complex projects. The computers and equipment were newer. Free Happy Hour on Fridays
Amazon had a very competitive internship salary. It also provided a great chance to have ownership over a meaningful project.
Fast pace, ownership, great brand, top company, great peers
Amazon offers cutting edge technology, successful online retail, beautiful campus on South Lake Union in Seattle, and company name recognition.
Surrounded by smart people, new challenges every day, and given an opportunity to really influence the business. Rapid growth means tons of opportunities to grow.
There are many things to work on in Amazon - there are few problems that are well solved and do not require further innovation. This can be a huge benefit when you come in to Amazon, there will definitely be something to which you can apply yourself.
See review titled "Please understand what you are getting into" High growth rate. Well respected by consumers. Was able to participate in the world's largest FC start-up. Ability to move to several FCs within the network.
Insurance is one of the main pros. they give you stock every year! 401K is a good benefit as well. Get to meet alot of people. Make tons of friends if you wish to interact with them.
Great pay and great compensation package. Wonderful healthcare provided. Great exposure to process improvements. Opportunity to participate in kaizen events.
Good company that is growing fast and expanding. Has the potential to be a great company, Lot's of opportunity to move and grow in your career with good stock benefits if it keeps dominating the market.
The workplace is like no other, and the people that I worked with were all very intelligent. It was a pleasure working with all of them.
Pay Lots to learn Movement with in the facilities
Challenging, very intelligent people, great product, new innovations, plenty of opportunity to move around the company and find a match for your skills & interests.
Opportunity to learn how to develop software that is Web Scale.
I love to work for Amazon because they have an amazing work environment, the challenges always keeps me motivated and all the management staff is very down to earth.
-Casual, but intense work environment, surround by smart and engaging people -Relaxed dress code (jeans, t-shirts, etc.) -Great environment if you are a "peculiar" Amazonian -Right in the city, with great access to restaurants, shopping, etc.
high growth and high compensation
Great place to build software - engineers are given a lot of space to find the right way to solve problems.
- Flexibility to change jobs and roles
Fantastic place for growth Ideas are encouraged Fast paced and energetic Work with the smartest people in the country
Fast moving, innovative, numbers driven approach to solving all issues with a customer centric focus. There is enough freedom within the company to try new things and you are allowed to run with ideas by the management. You are also allowed to take on responsibilities as you progress.
data driven meritocracy very smart people world class leadership
-Very bright technical people to work with. -Fast paced, energetic -Projects that matter and have impact
Smart people, fast moving company. Compensation is stock oriented, so timing plays a role. Very customer oriented and frugal. Great for customers.
Stock payouts Good Insurance Raises until you max out in 3 years... @ $16/hr. Challenges every day. Good experience managing large number of associates.
Great pay, benefits, advancement. Benefit from being able to be part of a team that encourages economic growth and employment.
Fast paced delivery to customers - customer centric truly is the core of the company Opportunities to break new technical ground and solve big problems in short (often too short :)) timeframes VERY smart co-workers (particularly the new ones who aren't yet completely burned out and spiteful) Jeff is a visionary - he really does have a talent for making very smart (on the big scale) decisions, and is in the details a lot (which is also a con). If he only was even 1/10th as smart in managing people and culture this would be a great place
I believe that this job requires that you have a strong work ethic. By having a strong work ethic will lead to personal growth within the company.
Good reputation, learn a lot, leadership, time management, independent, have to act very quickly and effeciently, learn how to build trust among coworker, learn how to earn respect from coworkers, learn how to survive and get things done to meet deadline
Been at Amazon for 6+ years and every day have felt challenged and felt empowered to make important decisions. Though the work is challenging, I've never felt like a victim and have always felt that I can make things better. The brand is very strong and I get very positive reactions when I tell people I work for Amazon -- there a lot of happy customers out there!
Physical. I love physical work. Makes it less like work and more like working out. For the light headed or weak might not be so fun.
Smart people. Fast paced. Amazing problems to solve. Huge business opportunities to pursue. Big jobs. Great experience. Made me better.
It is a great atmosphere, people are genuine. even the GM will get out on the floor & do the hardest jobs. LOTS of overtime at peak!
Pay is decent Easy work It's no problem to make rate as long as you don't goof off. Met some grreat people there.
Great Company...to be a customer of, and to be an hourly associate of. A lot of room for advancement if you enjoy the Amazon environment. People who work there are for the most part Okay, the Amazon culture is terrible.
Amazon is growing very fast and provides lots of opportunities for employees' career growth. Lots of great people to learn from, a huge internal knowledge base. Many different teams with different kinds of work/technologies, easy movement between teams. Very encouraging environment for people with a strong work ethic. Compensation is better than most in the industry.
Fast growth opens many positions to advance your career. Stock Price.
Meet smart and competent people, excel your leadership and communication skills.
Amazon has the smartest and most passionate people you will ever work with. The scale and type of problems to be solved are unlike anything anywhere in the world and will give you an incredible experience that can be used anywhere else.
Amazon is a busy place with a lot of career opportunities. The company is growing really fast and opportunities are available worldwide. Internal transfers make it possible to move to a different city where the company is located.
Fast, easy to get tools, Lots of challenges and opportunities, great location
You have a lot of autonomy and responsibility. You are given a lot of respect for being good at your job... I didn't find much internal politics (even though I've sure it exists elsewhere in the organization). This may be one of the main reasons that Amazon is such a respected name on the the resume.  Also, the MBA intern network is great. There were ~180 MBA interns (3x as many as Microsoft) from all the top schools in the country (HBS, Wharton, Stanford, MIT, Berkley, etc). We all hung out together after work, and I've stayed in touch with many colleagues from other schools after the summer.
Good experience for entry level associates
Innovation and forward thinking of senior leadership.
Continuous improvement and innovation is an authentic core value. I have never received as much internal training and thoughtful orientation at any other employer. Workplaces are very safe, clean and comfortable compared with other similar workplaces.
Growth is pretty good! Lots of smart people in the company!
Amazon encourages innovation which is a huge difference from previous places I've worked. It is extremely fast-paced with a lot of ambiguity, so to be successful, you have to have a strong bias for action. If you do, you will be able to advance quickly because Amazon is growing so fast.
- learn about eCommerce - learn about the product management, managing metrics
Great people, innovative, lots going on
Fast paced environment with great customer focus. Lots of cool new ideas being worked on and major investment in ideas for the future.
Being able to work from home is good, they give you all the equipment needed to get your home office set up.
the job is stable. colleagues is nice
Amazon is pushing the envelope with new technology especially in the cloud computing and ebook space. Amazon has many interesting projects to take advantage of all the interesting information it has on its user base.
Great compensation. Extremely fast growing company. Amazon shares with you how they manage one of the largest supply chains and how there are able to handle their operations to meet high demands.
If you can get away from the legacy technology there's a lot of cool new stuff being worked on, and the people there are generally brilliant and passionate. It's a good place to learn a lot about technology and best practices.
The only pro I can think of is that the hiring process was very very fast, maybe too fast for me to make an informed decission to work there.
The salary and signing bonus are pretty good. Amazon might look good on your resume. You may gain a good reference or two.
Amazon can be a fun and interesting place to work. They do not care how you dress and they like cake. They also do some nice things like potluck meals and allow kids in for halloween. They do provide you with good computers and the comfort stuff you need to sit for hours.
I've been here over 12 years and have had the opportunity to build all kinds of elaborate systems that changed the company. The early days were quite demanding, but the satisfaction was immense. I'm still challenged, but at a sustainable rate.  The growth curve is like few other places. I interviewed an old mentor from HP 5 years after I'd left. I felt he'd atrophied, but the real deal is I'd grown tremendously.  Most jobs (I'm sure there are exceptions) use strong, current technologies. We clear the table and rub two sticks together to make a fire. As the smoke starts to generate, we may notice we've moved a pack of matches- but alas, we know this fire and where the hot spot is. Keep rubbing the sticks together. This is also a competitive advantage, tight integration w/ every other piece of the system.
Highly motivated environment and good culture Very technology driven and focussed.
BEST innovation company of US
- They are working on some of the most interesting products today
Tremendous ability to make changes. Increasing use of lean production principles creates a great laboratory to master LEAN. Work with the smartest group of people imaginable and move at breakneck speed. Make an impact bigger than yourself.
Very competent management. Talented and efficient colleagues.
Constant innovation, smart people, good career advancement available
Great opportunities to implement ideas and to prove yourself. Easy access to resources and people. People are willing to help you be successful.
Good pay, benefits, freedom to move around, ability to peruse good ideas.
Lots of fun with Team and Company interns More learning of Amazon stuff Good Team to work with Nice place to work for
Some of the smartest people in the technology and retail world work at Amazon. That being said, every day becomes a learning opportunity. For someone early in their career (less than 5-6 years of work experience), it's truly a great place to work. Amazon is unique in that it's a pretty small company that manages to accomplish a lot. That means leaner teams and everyone becomes experts in multiple areas. As a "stepping stone" job, it's a good place to learn new skills (especially in the project management arena) that can lead to bigger and better things.  I became a new dog owner when I was working there, so to be able to bring my dog into the office was a huge plus. Granted there are rules and restrictions (especially in certain buildings on the new campus), but I still thought that was pretty cool.
Innovative CEO has long term view Great if you are a data driven person
Amazon looks good on a resume and it will get you a better job, when you are finally done with this place.
There is a lot of work to get done and with frugality being at the core the value trickles down to the customer. Smart people and great opportunities to work on projects where you learn more on the job than any other organization. Demands of delivery are high and rewarded but politics are the new game you better learn to survive at Amazon. Now that we make money everybody wants to jump on the train and Amazon's doors are open to anybody who is willing to work hard even though people joining are joining to make the bucks not because they want to work for Amazon or believe in the customer.
pay is good. flexible working hours. be respected when sharing my ideas. can learn a lot from the fast-growing company.
- Excellent pay and benefits - Very cool technology - Generally good managers (senior management is another story though) - Flexible hours on some/most teams - Most coworkers are friendly and helpful, with very few exceptions
Very comfortable, flexible schedule, just arrive and leave anytime to get your work done. Good mood in the office, happy hours :) And Seattle is a really great city.
Amazon does a great job of hiring the best people. You will get to work with some of the smartest people you'll encounter anywhere. I met more people with 2+ advanced degrees while working in the supply chain group than anywhere else.
You'll be surrounded by some of the smartest people around which allows growth and development. Amazon strives to be innovative and say ahead of the curve which offers a level of pride and fosters drive in employees to continue pushing to be the best. There are a lot of opportunities to work in different departments.  I don't think anyone is ever bored working for Amazon as there's always more than enough work to do. Many projects are really cool and exciting to be involved in.
The benefits are decent, personal time, vacation time, and gloves and box cutters are provided. The dress code is reasonable, the most they tell you to do is wear a good pair of sneakers to work. They also train employees on heavy lifting equipment.
Technically sound and financially fit . Everything happens for a reason here at amazon.awesome benefits offered with great working conditions
Growing company that provides jobs to the community. Some managers try hard to make it a good place for their employees. Average health benifits and 10% discount on Amazon products.
Lots of smart people, great projects, good values employees can support for the most part, and it has fairly good opportunities to work in other areas if you desire.
ownership, customer driven focus, agile development methodologies, incremental releases to deliver value iteratively to the customer
Smart people to work with Fast paced
Lots of smart people. Very collaborative. I was given a high-value project for the summer internship which was very rewarding.
Always new challenges and things to learn A company you can be proud of the way they treat their customers A company growing is alway more fun
-exposure to lots of very smart people -exposure to lean/six sigma/management opportunities
Learn a lot, make decent money, and it's a feather in your cap for your resume.
I personally like working with the associates and getting to know the very different cultures that they come from. The feeling of knowing that every piece of inventory you touch will eventually make it to a customers front door step is rewarding.
You have the opportunity to work with some really smart people. Everyone in finance was really freindly and created a great work environment.
Great envronment within the intern team
Pay is good so far
I wrote a review exactly one year ago, so I felt it was time to write another one. The pros are pretty much the same, good salary considering you don't need a college education, and it is easy to get hired here, so if you want to work and you work hard, then you will be hired. The insurance is really good and you have a 401K. Amazon really is customer centric,to a fault. My FC got AC for the summer!
Dealing with huge amount of e-commerce data Super scaling DW infrastructure Strong hands-on for end-to-end BI/DW practice Unique ELT framework
Salary. They pay you piles and piles of money and stock, although a good portion of the money is in the form of a bonus that you owe back (prorated) if you leave _for any reason_ during the first year, and a similar scheme for year two.
good pay and promotion opportunity. the fast growing pace of the company brings high Job security. It is relatively easy to get into the company for the time beeing, since Amazon is desperately seeking to expand it's work force and business.
Competitive pay and benefits package with RSU's. Some jobs can be very interesting but most are just repetitive. They are focused on change and look for ways to improve thier operations.
decent pay. good training. fun people to work with. good benifits and stock options after full time.
-Good base pay. -Seattle is a decent town to live. -If you like working 10 hour days and on weekends, this is the place for you. -Ability to impact the business (if you don't get fired first). -Some very smart people to work with.
Amazon is a huge growing company with excellent benefits, so the chances of a lay-off due to lack of business won't happen.
Great Quality Aspirations Team Effort to Quality Outcome Excellent Design Standards Intense get it done environment
Amazon is still a relatively new company, as such, there is a lot of room for growth if you are patient and like to promote yourself
- Amazon has really strong people that get things done - very little passing the buck or status-quo. - Very open to new ideas / empowerment - Relaxed culture and work environment - Strong growth - Good compensation package
A lot of room for growth so you can make a large impact on the company even when a lower level position.
Competitive pay, nice employee stock program (if you make it to year 3), new offices provide a good corporate feel. High growth market leads to interesting new challenges.
Fast paced. Giving employees a fair amount of stock-based compensation. The company is still growing in general. I do like its "Just Do It" culture.
decent wages, time off available for temps, paid time off for full time associates
At Amazon, a developer is like a clown in circus -- must be able to perform all kinds of tricks on acceptable level to get the job done. Same time, you will learn a great deal and will understands IT end-to-end.  For an SDE, being a part of Amazon Web Services gives you the edge to work on truly high-scale projects and buys you a free ticket to many other work places when you decide to leave. Interestingly enough, right now there is an exodus of Microsoft people willing to switch over and work for AWS.  Amazon is definitely not for everyone and requires a lot of effort to stay sane. Yes, you will be stressed out almost every day: either being on-call fixing stuff you never seen before (the timer is ticking btw) or managing unrealistic project deadlines or very often both in parallel. However you may look at it from another angle -- this is how people bond and develop trust when they go through hell together. Your Amazon co-workers will be like your good old army friends forever.  On-call can be horrible depending on the team or time of the year but don't create illusions because the industry is shifting the majority of software jobs towards developing and running services. Amazon will take you ahead on that and you will learn how it's done on the large scale. As a matter of fact, at Microsoft more and more devs carrying a pager too and also staying sleepless (yeah a bit to the East, in Redmond.)  I like the fact that people don't slack around here and majority of managers are occupied with a plenty of real issues and getting paged too. There is very little of bureaucracy here: know the right thing to do? then go and just do it! You will feel empowered when you realize that you control such a huge fleet. You will find a lot of smart people around you and most of the time they say what they mean.  After tasting Amazon it is hard to go back to the traditional IT company where everything is slow and managers are afraid of changes. If you prefer true ownership of what you are given, you will find Amazon a decent company to work for.
Having been unemployed for a significant period of time it was refreshing to be hired immediately by Amazon at their mass hiring event here in Phoenix. There is job security in this position if you meet the required expectations of your position. This is not that difficult a task if you are willing to "work hard". We are making history as the prototype for all other FCs (Fulfullment Centers) and at the same time we try to have fun. Sometimes this can be difficult with the amount of work that is expected to be achieved during the course of a day but that's the nature of business. Overall it has been a good experience and I am hopeful that the opportunities will be afforded to me as I continue with the company.
Pretty decent salary Nice location Looks good on resume Get to work with some really smart people (doesn't mean they can manage well though) Depending on the category, the product samples can be quite nice
Flexible hours of operations allow work from home via VPN. Bringing dogs into the office is fun and makes people smile. If you are a hard worker, and interested in tackling challenges head on, by inventing and innovating than Amazon is a good place for you. No one discourages you for political or sneaky reasons, if you have good ideas, and the balls to speak up, most coworkers are positive and will be supportive.
some of the best reasons to work at Amazon.com  good benifits
Don't expect anyone to help you drive your career, it's all up to you. However, if you invest in yourself and work hard, you will find that Amazon is about as close to a true meritocracy as you'll find in the corporate world.  Senior management is excellent. They are aware of the details of the business and actively help push the company in the right direction. I'm continually surprised by how very smart these leaders are and how fast they can understand and help solve complex problems. These are not backseat drivers.  Amazon is not for everyone. You have to be the type of person that thrives in a chaotic environment. Every day is a new challenge. There's always some new focus of the week and you need to be able to balance your day-to-day work with the chaos going on around you. If this doesn't sound like fun to you, look elsewhere.  People that seize control get control. Amazon is not about what level you are or how long you've been with the company or anything else. The only thing that matters at Amazon is being right. Speak up and back up your position with data and you'll get a lot of "street cred."
Make me grow and set up career path.
Because you work so much, you get to learn a lot.
The start off pay is good for this economy. You have the opportunity to work with some really good people.
Amazon pays better than other tech companies, such as Google or Microsoft. Signing bonuses of $50k are common for mid-level positions, and up to $100k signing bonuses occur with regularity. It’s usual half in cash, half in stock grants. The cash is over two years, the stock over four.
- Good sign-on bonus and initial stock awards - Opportunity to work with very large distributed systems (at uncommon scale) - Working for Amazon Web Services looks good on the resume - Opportunity to get better at operations and how to debug and fix issues more efficiently (although sometimes under a lot of pressure) - Learn development from end to end (design to deployment to operations) - Dynamic: depending on the team, you will have the feeling of being in a startup but without worrying about having money for your project.
Its Amazon a wonderful company
- benefits - RSU's - wear jeans to work
Very good company to work for. The people are very friendly and helpful. The technique problem is very chanllenge and exciting.
easy, you can move into any position without any knowledge.
Working for a revolutionary company. If you came in when the stock was low -you're in a good spot. If you are coming in now - it's not worth it.
Pay rate was good, started at 11.50/hr.
signing bonus stock working for very recognizable, seemingly innovative company
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amazon.com Inc. Developed the amazon cloud player (San Francisco) and amazon appstore for android (Lake Forest) startup-like culture - fast growth, challenging work
Very smart people, decentralized and flat organization structure. Like a startup company with teams building out their own features like a small company.  Very customer centric
Good stock grants(granted when stock was cheap).
Dogs are allowed to come to the office! Very relaxed atmosphere is encouraged. Creativity and teamwork are two great focuses.
Challenging environment, which is changing from an enterprise level Biz dev environment into full on call center
Tools and resources are available for research Easy access to data Get help from peers when needed Flexible work hours
- smart co-workers - interesting problems to solve - good initial stock options
-smart people to work with -fast paced, you get to learn a lot
Company is fast paced and very dynamic. You are afforded the ability to work with some very intelligent people and some very hard working people. The opportunity for growth is huge as the company is constantly growing.
Lots of very smart talented people around Opportunity to make products used by millions around the world Working on new, interesting technologies Startup-ish and agile, far less bureaucracy than in other big companies
Leader in industry. Innovative - always challenging traditional thinking Great benefits
If you fit the culture, then there's no better place to be working in retail or IT
It's nice to be part of a growing company, everyday is a challenge, company really does put customer first. If you have energy, they have projects to do and want you to do them.
Good Pay & Benefits Management treats employees with respect
Competitive pay, reputable company, decent benefits
Great benefits, 401k, stocks each year. All the work is very easy to learn and perform. This may be important to some, but background checks are irrelevant there.
Amazon is a very healthy, growing company and if one wants to work in the Amazon Web Services division it is growing very rapidly and is a good resume experience-builder for younger developers.  Overall, I have had excellent cooperation from management in having a flexible schedule and support in managing difficult family matters,  While not as cutting-edge as Google in many respects, Amazon does tend to make use of recent technologies and moves along technically at a fair clip in most areas.
Strong innovator with lots of opportunity if you get connected with the right team.
Seemingly better pay. Stocks (But you may not stay here for 4 years to reap the benefits). Smart people.
pay was good. 12/hr. only 4 workdays 10 hour days.
still quite fun since it allows teams to run more independently with clear ownership and reasonable autonomy.
- other developers on my team are really smart - other developers on team to socialize and commiserate about how awful it is - working for a company that tries to treat its customers well
- Good compensation - Great technology - Start up mentality - Fast pace - Detail oriented - Multinational corporation with global reach
If you like your work time spent in actually 'doing' your job and not divide it between attending various planning meetings, then this is a place to be.
Lots of very smart people, stock's high. As a new grad, you will learn a lot of things very quickly.
Engineering decisions are bottom up, not foisted upon from top managment, you get to choose what you think are projects that make for a better customer experience, and also make your life easier. The people who one works with make all the difference, the people here are bright, and friendly. The customer obsession thing is not a lie, which is somewhat refreshing after money grubbung at other firms.
Very dynamic work environment, always something new to do. We do some amazing stuff and the release cycles are quick.
Provides opportunity to work with very smart people. Best part is to be able to move around within the company and work at other groups. Since the company has a lot of diverse functions - retail, AWS etc, you don't have to be stuck with the same group for many years.
challenging, great people, complex problems
Compensation is well above others.
Really exception coworkers and a casual office environment.
Leading edge technology Smart, motivated employees Healthy, very-rapid growth in business Great customer service ethic Positioned very well for future expansion Sound strategy
Great people to work with! Technology is cutting edge!
Pay is above average. There are more good people at Amazon than what I'm reading here. Fairly autonomous environment. Good benefits.
- Everyday there is a new challenge, keeps you busy - Good overall compensation
I worked with Adecco seasonal and short term staffing agency. Amazon.com paid $11 per hour, which was great. Everyone was cool. The management was excellent. The safety policies were amazing. There is no way you should get hurt there, because it is very well organized. They have suggestion boards, awards they give out, good security etc. Also had good conflict resolution department.
1) A successful model that will one day probably make it the largest retailers in the world, 2) Pay. Employees are very well paid and it makes it hard to leave even if you are miserable. 3) Very smart, talented people to work with. 4) It is cool to say you work at Amazon.com 5) Jeff Bezos is a visionary and always thinking 10 steps ahead. Yes Jeff it is still day 1.
Amazon still totally feels like a startup. There's way too much work, way too few people, and endless opportunities to improve things and make a difference. Fortunately the management is good at understanding that they need to balance projects as well as people, so you're never going to be forced into overtime you don't want to do. Working here is a total blast, the pay is good, and the people are awesome.
Good Pay Ability to Move up
the company is growing fast
Doing leading edge work (Kindle AWS). Running an internet scale business. Stock is doing well.
Constant change and some really cool innovative ideas and best practices. The best part of the job is the people that are the lifeblood of the organization. These people make the machine run every day of the week with passion and an energy in which never ceases to amaze me.
Sexy, well known entry on my resume. World class services to the world.
Aggresive, fast and agile work environment. Metrics driven technology. Good software infrastructure.
This job is challenging and rewarding but be prepared to bring your A game. It is self directed and you will need to be able to work without a lot of management.
Highly respected and known brand globally.
They pay well. The email targeting is fascinating.
Strong culture of ownership - engineers support the software they create through an oncall rotation process. Note that different teams in Amazon - like any big company - operate differently, and some are much more mature than others. This means that even if you are more comfortable with structured processes, there are several places where you can feel at home and contribute meaningfully. Plus -- its a VERY high-energy place.
Very smart people, lot of opportunities to learn from peers.
You work with really smart people and learn a lot. You have good opportunity for advancement and growth. People are generally friendly.
It is a large profitable growing e-commerce company- great experience to see how a company like this operates. It is in a great city- Seattle- with locations all over the country and the world.
Amazon has a very casual and unstructured working environment. You can wear anything to work!
Good salary. Growth in stocks. Good development culture.
Number 1 in technology, very efficient in areas such as customer service, and having the products that people want, almost regardless of what that may be.
Great business model - customer satisfaction, wide variety of products, lowest prices, and convenience. That combination is hard to beat when executed well. Casual dress code is awesome (jeans, t-shirt, flip flops, baseball cap). Company profitability and stock price has performed well. The company is finally trying to improve their work culture and make it a decent place to work.
Getting to work on new technologies, Flexibility in work environment. Genius people around you. Compensation given to the new developers
After working as a college intern at the company I was offered a full-time position which I accepted. As a first-time job out of college I can't recommend it enough, just make sure you're on a team working on an unreleased product. An Amazon team in heads-down development mode is an amazingly productive and inventive thing. Projects are rapidly prototyped, torn down, and built anew. The build system is bar none the best I have ever used, if you need some library to do something, you just depend on it. Done.  We had a senior principal engineer acting as a sort of roaming quarterback among our teams and he frequently sat in on design brainstorming sessions. He also sat ten feet away from me, so bouncing ideas off of him was frictionless and really helped me grow as a fault-tolerant systems architect.  People wear many hats at Amazon and you can quickly make a name for yourself as "the X guy" if you devote yourself to being an expert in X. Plans change and you can get a golden opportunity in your lap if you're lucky. For me it was defending our system architecture against three senior principals. Get your name out there and you'll have other (potentially cooler) teams trying to headhunt you from your current one. I would recommend this strategy: stay on a project long enough to make a name for yourself in some way and then jump ship to another team. A year and a half to two years is a good periodicity for this process.  The best thing about Amazon is that if you find yourself getting tired of the same old drag in your current position, you can jump ship to another team and work on something entirely new and exciting. This is not Microsoft: there is little animosity between teams and no hard feelings will be had. You can be writing servers in Java one year, virtualization modifications to the Linux kernel the next, and messaging systems in Erlang the next.  Corporate culture is good. There aren't as many hokey ice-breaker or get-to-know-each-other events as in other companies. I once heard the company described as "having a good drinking culture," which certainly was true within my team. Our outings were more like pub crawls, with pool and bowling often thrown in as an afterthought as we wandered around Capitol Hill. Good times were had.  The pay is pretty good too and I hear the stock ain't doing half bad, too.  In summary, I wholeheartedly endorse Amazon as a first out-of-college job for people who want to learn a lot about anything. Just don't dig down too much in one team and you can rise to prominence in any area you want. Within a year I was designing and implementing key pieces of our architecture and my ideas and proposals were taken as seriously as those from people with a decade or more with the company.
Amazon.com is a great place to work due to its rapid growth. There are many opportunities due to the opening of new facilities nationwide.
get to meet some nice people in the same boat. location is good. benefits are good. head hunt from collages
Pay is a bit higher than average. I am a temp so I cannot comment on much else
-small teams - pizza teams -stocks and pay is good -smart peoples (though a lot of them are primadonna)
great people, interesting projects, big impact
Globally recognized company Very smart people Fun work environment Kindle is a great group to work in. Cutting edge and endless possibilities.
Smart colleagues Good projects Constant new product flow
Incentives for Year 1 & 2
Salary is better than most other places that don't require a college degree. The big upside is insurance and a 401K. I have had three managers in three years and they all have been very good to work for. All completely different personalities and how they do things, but they have been willing to listen and work with you to get better. I have enjoyed the friendship of the associates around me.
It is a good temporary job, but the staffing service they use leads alot to be desired. There were times to get in overtime.
Working with new technology on a scale you'll find in very few places. Very smart engineers working hard to do new things.
+ Engineers in the company work very hard and are great peers. + the company puts the customer first and is numbers drive - a great place to learn decision making + software teams across the company get a good view into the core technology stack. if you want to learn how to build a very large scale distributed system then its a great place to be + engineering teams own the business function, product definition etc
You won't be working with idiots here. Amazon hires some of the brightest peolple around. If you have any leadership ability at all, you'll stand out. The place is attractive and clean. The starting compensation was way above average for my field.
The ability to make an impact at one of the fastest growing companies in the world is exciting. You are not going to find a better resumer builder.
work hard play hard is definitely the motto
The schedule was to work four days in a row, ten hours per day, and then have three days off.
10% employee discount on first $1000 dollars spent.
* Hugely innovative company * You're never working on the same thing for very long * Movement between teams and around the company is encouraged * Strong culture of knowledge sharing and collaborative problem-solving, both within your team and throughout the company * Amazon's computing needs are among the most extreme in the world--there's never a shortage of challenging problems to solve
You can bring your dog to work, you can work from home (sometimes)--which you will be doing ALL the time (NIGHTS and WEEKENDS.)
Decent pay, decent benefits. You can move up in the ranks if you are willing to throw people under the bus and use buzz words such as green-belt, six-sigma, standard deviation even though you don't really understand them completely.
Growth and opportunity, if you're willing to swing away without giving up. More potential than any other company I have ever touched (consulting or working for). Long term success of the company. I truly believe that this company is very strong and will be amongst the giants soon.
-Lots of responsibility -Good pay for an internship -A great chance at career advancement within Amazon -Internship is well wortht the stress
Culture of change. Challenging the status quo. Try different solutions to problem solving.
If you work hard they will reward you, the pay is very good for warehouse work and promotions are there if you work hard and play the politics right.
Surrounded by smart, talented, hard working people. Decent pay, good locations in Seattle, moving to a new 11 building campus soon.
fast paced culture steep learning curve, casual environment, surrounded by smart individuals.
the pay is ok, but you are treated like crap. there is favoritism no matter what.
Some of the smartest peers I have ever had. Problems can be complex and solving them can be very rewarding.
Jeff Bezos has a great vision. These are the smartest, most motivated, and professional people that I have ever worked with. Amazon puts the customer first. There are a bunch of great projects to work on.
Work with smart, driven people, get paid extremely well, and for company growing at an amazing rate.
It is a place with very interesting technical challenges ---if you are looking for great technical problems and bright people to work with, then this is the right place. Also it has a get-things-done culture: things develop very rapidly and it is a short distance from idea to execution.
salary is not that par unless u r in position to negotiate technologies u get exposed are great great minds work around you
Compensation. They pay you a lot to get you in!
Reputation as "cool" employer Associate discount
Pay is great. Benefits are great. Most employees are great, intelligent and driven.
Lot's of bright people work here, and you will most likely be paid well. There are a lot of interesting problems to work on at a scale few companies can offer. Probably a very good, tough environment for a smart kid right out of school with no significant other or kids - or hobbies or any life outside of work.
agile environment, flatter hierarchy, greater autonomy for developers
Comp is good if you got your stock grants when the price was low Individual contributors are generally solid performers
looks great on a resume
Many challenging technical problems to tackle as an employee. They give lots of room for you to shine but also rope to hang yourself. It's a very dynamic culture and promotes best solution at the time. This could be bad though since it also means a lot of bad solutions are introduced before the best comes out.
There is clear career direction and growth which is offered via documents that indicate how to get promoted and what qualities you need. The work environment is a meritocracy. If you back up your ideas with reason, people will listen. There are many opportunities for learning, growth, and achievement. You just need to show some initiative.
Working with smart people, emergiing technologies, challenging work
Its like a war zone. You have to learn very quickly in order to survive but the only catch is how long can you keep going like this? One year here is like two or three years in any other company.
+ smart application of manufacturing tools/techniques which are effective and efficient + Toyota LEAN concepts applied to drive continuous improvements + fast pace, high energy, talented managers / specialists + goal clarity and focus: safety, quality, productivity. + routine metric measures + innovative, growing existing business and expanding to new horizons
Lots of +ves about Amazon like - ability to make an impact to end users - talented and smart people to work with - no need to re-invent the wheel for the most part, so get to work on exciting stuff
You get to work with a lot of smart, talented people. Amazon has a fast paced environment that encourages innovation. You can work on a lot of interesting projects and get to try out new ideas.
Looks good on your resume, the RSU's are nice if they vest in time (and Amazon's stock is high)--before you go mad from the insane hours you work (while being on salary), and that's about it.
Great compensation - Amazon needs to retain top talent at least for a little while. Good benefits. I happen to have a good manager, which is great, but rare company-wide. Working with very smart and capable people.
You're surrounded by very smart people and work/projects that are technically challenging and interesting. Amazon seems like just a website to most but the technology in place behind the scenes is very fascinating. Highly distributed systems built to scale at massive levels.
The scale of the problems Amazon needs to solve are often unique. If you like large scale distributed systems you'll love working at Amazon. There's really very other places where you'll be able to have as much fun. Hours can sometimes be long, but well worth it.
You get to work for the industry leader and be on the cutting edge. Your learn a lot. You are surrounded by smart people.
In general, the company and th emanagers set very clear business goals. The product planning team works very well. Morale within the teams is generally quite high.
SMART People Amazon is truly dedicated to its customers Amazon is constantly striving to innovate There is a very flat structure at Amazon. Fewer layers and a real willingness on the part of even Sr. VPs to listen and engage means there is real opportunity to grow and make things happen. The scale of this store makes it unrivaled as a testing ground for ecommerce and user experiences. You can get enought traffic to test an idea at Amazon in one day that would take months on another site.  Look, overall this is an amazing place to learn ecommerce at the highest levels, but they don't care about you or your life, and there is a trail of broken families behind many ex-employees. They'll give you the opportunity to work effectively on interesting stuff, then let you burn yourself on it and pay you less than you'd get elsewhere for doing less. Some thrive on it, others do not. I don't think anyone regrets their time here.
Stocks Benefits Learning new skills Overtime pay Safety focused
The money is great for a temporary job! The job is good excercise, and employees have the potential to be trained on heavy lifting equipment. Plus they provide work gloves, box cutters and they don't have a restricting dress code. Facial piercings are allowed!
Great pay and stocks Relaxed dress code Opportunity to work with some of the most talented, intelligent and creative minds The American dream of advancing up the chain exists here, if you have smarts and drive There are some great managers here (but also some completely awful ones)
There are a lot of smart people at Amazon. We work on the cutting edge of technology, and all of our problems are interesting. As for the teams I've worked on, it feels still like a start-up, each product is still immature, it's your job to make it better, and to scale it.
good pay & benefits empowers employees smart coworkers
Amazing growth in a number of "cool" spaces Will continue to expand, not afraid to try new things Hire really smart, talented people Job scope is typically broad All about the customer Bezos is a strong leader and very involved
free crap from vendors hush $/severence when they let you go.
I moved to Seattle right out of college to take a job in the risk management (anti-fraud) department. It was a little intimidating at first, with a learning curve like any job, but after a few months I was doing a lot of productive work. I was given significant responsibility early on and after 3 years, I was the team expert on several major systems.  Work/life balance was pretty good in my department, though I heard stories about others not being as good. Definitely ask your potential manager about pager duty - everyone has it, but it's much worse for some. Eventually we got 12x7 India support, which meant no more being woken up for nighttime production issues. As far as working hours, I put in my 40 hours a week and went home. No weekend work except for the occasional on call. I rarely *ever* put in any overtime, with the only exceptions being around the holiday season, which is considerably busier for most people. My manager was very good about respecting the importance of family and other personal needs. Work schedule is ridiculously flexible (sometimes a bad thing) - generally you could come in at 7 am or at noon, as long as you put in your 40 hours, and no one is counting either.  Benefits are pretty good. You get a bus pass that gets you free unlimited bus rides, including commuter buses. Some pretty famous people come to give talks/book signings for the employees. Parking at Union Station is free after reimbursement if you can get one of the cheap enough lots. Not sure what the situation will be after the move to South Lake Union.  Pretty easy to get promoted within the SDE levels (1/2/3). I think lots of people get promoted from 1 to 2 in the first couple of years - this carried a $15k raise for me.  Technology is fairly up to date compared to other companies. You get a laptop which you can take home with you. Lots of super smart engineers. Casual, informal work environment is nice.
Exciting. If you have the right team, it can be a very pleasant place to work in. Unlike others, I find the operations burden refreshing (I come from working as a federal government contractor). On call pages are often opportunities to learn thing, and I like the investigation
pay is good, work is fun, lots of interesting things to work on, 10% discount on books and other amazon.com stuff
It's always changing. It's still growing after 10 year old company
+ Limitless opportunity. If you want it, work hard and you can get it. + Growth & Change - We've doubled in size in the last 4 years through developing great products and services. With that kind of growth you get to try just about anything you want.
Definitely good program as an intern. Lots of networking and learning opportunities. Give you a good exposure about the internal workings of this consumer-centric, often-fragile company.
Senior management makes the right decisions and promotes innovation. Its rare to fine a company with such great vision. An obsession with the customer means that more often than not the right thing is done.
free onsite events with free books and music giveaways. allows dogs at site and in your work space. decent cafeteria.
* You get to work on challenging and interesting problems * The types of problems and challenges vary greatly from group to group giving you plenty of opportunities to try and learn new things, if you're looking for a change you don't necessarily have to find a new job, just a new group. * In general you get to work with really smart, competent and experienced developers that will push you. * Good compensation * Performance is generally acknowledged * Developers and principal engineers choose the platforms and technologies used, not the business teams or management. * The mantra that "it's all about the customer experience" is actually true and enforced. Whenever a tie needs to be broken on how something should work the answer to this question is usually sufficient to break it.
smart people, good projects, fun work
There are some very challenging problems and smart people at Amazon. If you find a group with strong management and smart peers, you can learn a lot and work on satisfying problem sets.
Able to maintain a healthy work/life balance. Fun, friendly work environment. Interesting projects. Amazon is a very challenging workplace. You're expected to get things done very well and very quickly. There are a vast variety of projects, big and small, to work on to stretch your skills. You're not just interacting with other software developers, so you can use it as an opportunity to learn a lot about business in general and people skills.
Great work environment Great location Interesting tasks Amazon treated interns fantastically. They had social events for us, set us up with housing and paid well. One thing I really liked was that each intern was given a project to complete. In other Internships I've had I've just been added to a project, here I got my own.
salary/stocks benefit package is attractive work with some real talent
-Recognizable brand name -Fast paced environment -Opportunity to learn and grow -Smart people
One of the best parts about coming to work at Amazon was the fun and laid back environment. Dress is casual and people were allowed to bring their dogs into the office. In terms of work, most people work on teams depending on their area and work together to function as a team.
Innovative company Good compensation and benefits Room for professional growth and advancement
You get free coffee, can learn about how to build an application at web scale, and work with some smart people.
Good compensation, varied and fun job possibilities. You get to work with a lot of smart people every day. It's good to work at a place that is well known so you don't have to explain where you work to everyone you meet.
challenging projects, good pay (considering RSU), talented coworkers, good place to learn, get to work in various areas (project management, planning, architect, development, maintenance, monitoring, metrics, etc etc)
Startup environment Smart, hardworking, generally fun, people. Good stock grants (when stock price is high) Pride in creating an unmatched customer experience. I wasn't in a technical role but in my group the sw developers (SDEs) were great! Relocation package. Ask for it and they will give it. Convenient work locations if you live in Seattle Subsidized mass transit
Great friendly culture. Everyone is hard working but has fun. We are frugal and care about how funds are allocated within the company. There is a lot of growth which means many job opportunities.
Lots of smart people. Will learn a lot
job security good work environment fun place to work easy access to resources good for freshers
Extremely smart people. Very open communication. I probably learnt more there in 1 year than all of my education and past work experiences combined. Casual dress code. Total ownership of product.
Great benefits and compensation, good work environment
Real corporate culture -- it comes from the top, it is consistent, it is communicated, it makes sense, it makes customers happy. People really refer back to it when making decisions. Kind of tough on the employees but you can't have everything. If you perform, stock options are excellent. If you want to be a leader and you can do it, you can get extremely educational access to incredible top people.
Working at Amazon for the last 4 years, it has been the best place I've worked so far. Engineers and management loves the customers. Pretty much any great idea can be taken to market - who would of thought a book selling company would be a world leader in cloud computing ? There is also lots of opportunity to move around the company provided that you have good relationship with your peers and direct manager. Last but not least, the CEO is really really smart and genuinely cares about his top performing employees. Whether he anticipated it or not, the hiring freeze BEFORE the recession hit was pure genius. One of the few companies with zero recession layoffs.
Amazon is a fast paced business that prefers to act rather than wait indefinitely for the perfect solution. The organization is very flat, so responsibility is yours for the taking. They take leadership very seriously, and expect great things from their managers every year.
You learn a lot. Get to work on some very complex problems. Get to use a lot of new technologies. Lots of smart people.
smart people, new technologies, entreprenurial spirit
I am very proud to have been a part of Amazon. It could be a frustrating place to work, but it was never boring. I have never felt so mentally stimulated.
good for development for a new hire. You'll learn a lot from peers. Good money too.
Powerful business model on core retail business that drives seemingly unlimited growth. The basic principle that the company was built on which by driving lower prices it can fuel sales, gain leverage and reduce costs from vendors to further reduce prices fuel growth, etc. is brilliant due to its simplicity. In order to be successful this model requires long term thinking and Jeff Bezos is famous for that, which allows folks to focus on projects that may add a lot of value 5+ years down the road. This also leads to plenty opportunities for innovation, which are key in creating a sustainable business.  Another pro is the fact that the company focuses on three things that do not change no matter what the economy does: great prices, great selection, great customer experience. No matter what the state of external elements might be, focusing on these three things gives a company an edge.  Finally its obsession with customer satisfaction is a lesson to be learned. Being in that environment gives a unique perspective on how to manage a business that needs to be seen in practice to truly absorb.
I'll never complain about the advancement opportunities at Amazon. I was able to move around quite a bit in the company which kept the boredom off
1. challenging and helpful to write all these different topics 2. As regarded, you will get lots of help from team mates when needed
Good opportunity to work on real-world scaling problems.  Lots of new project initiatives, and still some good challenges in migrating from legacy systems.
Work with different technologies, in a highly scalable environment. Not a lot of structure.
I have hope that my experience isn't the norm as I've been with the company for about a year (but these reviews imply it is) - but this company is not great. However, it is a good name to have on your resume - so probably a good place for people without a lot of experience or are looking to only stay somewhere for a few year.
can be exciting with authors and bands stopping by lots of room for lateral movement within company 10% employee discount
bands come by and play conference rooms promoting CD's. author's come by and do book signings for employees. free crap supplied by vendors.
High accountability for all. You get recoganisation for your work.
Location, location, location - easy commute if you live in Seattle.  Some smart folks working down in the "trenches".  An "OK" job for someone right out of school, and never experienced anything better. But a <b>horrible experience</b> for a seasoned professional.
Data driven, lots of development, chance to innovation, smart people, high hiring bar, rewards the achievers, cool technology, freedom to write code, management buys into logical arguments, good compensation, very little politics, no glass ceiling, frugal, ability to switch teams easily (still requires interviews), intense customer focus, and passionate people.  SDEs are the bread and butter of this company, nothing moves unless SDEs make it happen. Management structure is thin, but hit or miss, but when they hit, its usually a homerun and you wonder why they decided to work at Amazon and aren't running their own startup. SDE are given very direct access to upper management, Directors, VP and sometimes the senior VP. Management structure is flat, makes it easy for superstars to stand out. Good work is recognized and rewarded. Average and below average engineers see little monetary increases in salary, very much a meritocracy.
smart colleagues interesting projects good learning opportunities
There are a lot of smart people who are passionate about their jobs. If you are not afraid to express how passionate you are, then this is a potentially good environment to work for you. I say potentially because if you disagree the right way, people will listen. Decisions are made with data support and tradeoffs are made when it benefits customers. If you understand you get the next job by doing it first, then it is the right place for you.
I thought the base salary was pretty good.
For someone willing to push for what they want, Amazon is very open to people taking ownership, transferring to a group they're interested in, advancement, etc. If you're not happy with your current position, you can soon transfer to another group. I'd say that's the largest benefit, having the ability to basically choose your own career path and drive it at your own pace.
Amazon is the kind of company you'd go to, when you want to earn your programming chops. I know so many awesome developers who started out at Amazon before they moved on to bigger better things. You'd think that a company with a core value of frugality wouldn't have some of the best salaries and benefits of all the big tech companies, but you'd be wrong.
good people. good benefits. some projects are fun
Challenging work - which means you learn a lot. Somewhat of an open door policy, where you can talk to senior management. High level of responsibility but equally rewarding financially and professionally. Lots of smart people.
You can see results in minutes not months
New exciting technology, problems and challenges. Lots of smart people. Now focused on improving developer experience and making improvements to development ecosystem.
Pros  For someone leaving the Military, Amazon was a good place to go. They aggressively recruit and find new talent. It made finding my job here very easy. The base salary is a good wage and if you plan on sticking around, the stocks and bonuses are very good. The company does grow every year so there are new opportunities elsewhere in the company if you are willing to move.
My experience at amazon was a good one. I learned more there in 6 months then i did in 2 years at my other job.
-Good Projects, - Management is aware of problems with technology, - Highly talented employees, - Great reputation, - Excellent work Environment, - The quality of SDEs is pretty high, - Decent compensation. - Opportunity to work with the latest technologies.
Forward thinking mentality. Customer centric. Smart colleagues. Good learning experience for how to be frugal, work harder than you ever have and get no feedback or praise in return.
good place to work fun
The people here are the best and brightest that I have worked with. The level of responsibility and input into the company's direction is amazing.
Fun work environment, casual attire, quality not quantity, intelligent coworkers...
Data driven company with leadership development focus. Values MBA
awesome large scale problems to work on.
If you need a resume builder , and want to gain experience learning that things do not get fixed until t they are broken, and becoming a master at spreadsheets, then this is the place for you. If your lucky to have a good manager, then you can have a great experience.
amazon is overall good company
-Lot's of autonomy. -Decent compensation -An attempt to keep Amazon from being driven from the top down, like lot's of big companies. It's actually partially successful. -If data is available it rules the conversation, no matter what the rank are of the people involved. I'll take data driven over ego driven decisions any day. Amazon is a VERY data driven environment. -Because Amazon has such a large variety of systems and technologies in use its an easy place to get lots of exposure to large scale systems used for lots of cool stuff without job hopping.
flat culture fast paced environment smart people innovation growing company
You'll get big responsibilities and opportunities if you want them. Although your salary won't grow much, top performers will see their bonuses and stock rewards surpass it.
Decent Stock grants after 2 year mark A lot of exposure to LSS and Process Improvement
Growing company with a great reputation behind its name. Very innovative and always looking at ways to make process better. Always searching for new talent. Uses business principles and concepts in everything they do. In short, looks great on your resume. They try to take care of the hourly associates.
good stock, good location, smart engineers around you, very good to customers, good name on your resume, nice restaurants around the company.
Get to work on great projects, excellent networking opportunities within the company, quality coworkers, smart and savy senior management team, lots of opportunity for lateral movement within the company
Amazon is a very decentralized company and silo'd company, so many areas are great for developers and managers to work in. In these good areas, devs get: * A lot of freedom to do the right thing * Great support from upper management * The ability to experiment with new and interesting technologies * A strong commitment to building tools and infrastructure to make life easier for devs  As a manager, if you're in these shiny areas, you own your project, soup-to-nuts. You will work *with* program managers and product managers, not for them. It isn't an easy environment to manage in: you're generally expected to do a lot of things that other companies use TPMs for, but I personally find the challenge very rewarding.
No monoculture or bureaucracy - within your team you have a lot of control over what tools you use. The quality of SDEs is pretty high. No "architects" or "research teams" sucking up all the resources.
Chance to work with the latest technologies. Chance to try out new/innovative ideas. Work around lots of smart people. Very aggressive place if you want to grow. Company is in a hight growth area.
Working with very smart people. Recognition of the Amazon brand.
Amazon.com is a great place to be a software developer. You work with some of the smartest minds in the industry, you work on challenging problems, and your code will be periodically exposed to customers. The internally developed tools at Amazon.com make this an even greater pleasure. Furthermore, the compensation is good, the benefits are good, you can work from home at reasonable intervals, and hours are flexible (in that you can basically work whenever you want, within reason.)
- interesting work - deal with scales you can't get in many other places - can feel like you're contributing to customer experience and the bottom line
Get exposure to most of the best practices and trends within e-commerce. Good compensation and fun work environment in growing company that offers many opportunities.
decent pay for new hire
Pros: -Great co-workers -Constantly changing responsibilities and tasks -Above average pay and benefits -Many opportunities to learn -Heavy emphasis in Finance/ Accounting on rotating teams every 1-2 years
Lots of room for growth, learning and advancement.
Large company, maybe a good place to start a career if you don't plan to stay too long.
Great opportunity to work on exciting projects and to reach the customer directly with your work
career growth, opportunity for innovation, ownership
Advanced software platform (most of it anyway), creative teams, full control given to developers.
Amazon offers lots of autonomy, flexibility in schedule and working from home. Also, you can bring your dog to work.
Good Salary, Interesting Technology & Problem Space
Profitable company. Things move fast. You can see your code changes in production in no time. Looks good on resume. Cubes have a nice view if you get a lucky seat. Some, not all, of the technology is cool.
Fun company, good stock and benefits, challenging. They are building a new campus that is dog friendly and on South Lake Union!
Strong sense of ownership at the team level. Fast paced environment. Cutting edge technologies. Strong customer focus. Opportunity to make long lasting changes at all levels.
a lot of opportunities for career growth and challenge, but you have to make your own opportunities-no one is going to give them to you
A large pool of potential mentors, seems to be adequate support in teams for cross training, skills rehabilitation, professional growth as communicator and contributor. Excellent knowledge sharing in the form of collaborative tools such as mailing lists, chat, wiki, SharePoint, etc... They support Mac in the enterprise! Lot's of room for new ideas.
The learning curve is very steep. You learn a lot in your first few months as the company operates in a very different way from other retailers.
I believe that company has no respect for it s employees nor does it have trust of its employees I felt obligated to show for work not compelled.
Competitive salary, emerging technology, smart people, dynamic work environment
Casual environment. low level of bureaucracy
Best Concept for work, a vision that one could stand behind and be proud of. Doing something no one has done before.
The best reason to stay here at amazon is the Amazon RSU. Since Amazon's stock is doing so well, employees are getting a great deal from their stocks.
Amazon hires very smart, reasonable people. While people are A-types, people are cooperative and willing to work toward the greater good -- customers. That said, it is _very_ customer focused with a very strong corporate culture. The technologies available to work on are world-class, albeit it can take time to learn it all as much of it is steeped in tribal knowledge.
Amazon is a dynamic, interesting company with a unique structure. Pay is competitive, but hours are long, depending on your group. Interview for the GROUP you're working for, rather than the company itself. There is some room for mobility within groups, but the longer you're in the same one, the harder it is to move around. Some groups definitely work harder than others, and some make better software than others.
Huge growth potential. All current managers all the way to senior VP moved up the ranks and are quite familiar with internal processes. Regardless of employee perceptions, good or bad, it is hard to argue that the company is not a winner and effectively managed.
Part of something big and generally good - Amazon is truly a customer-focused company that has brought some real value to the marketplace. Ability to have large-scale impact in your work: stuff I've worked on has been deployed on hundreds of machines and handled $100 MM+ in business. Colleagues are smart, pragmatic and get things done. The colleagues here are some of the best that I've worked with in nearly 10 years in the industry.
One of the best technology companies to work for.Best Te
Smart people with a desire to get stuff done. I really love the intensity of the dialog, competition, and the desire to be the best.
Super-smart and very competent coworkers make it a great place for driven people to work. The CEO is not afraid to take risks and invest for the long-term, and all of the senior management are superb. The pay is relatively high, and it is possible to find a good work-life balance with some effort and setting of boundaries. Amazon runs a tight ship, which means there's always work to get done, but it also means a developer has a wide scope to do far more than write code, from helping to make business decisions to managing projects.
A challenging problem space with a lot of opportunity to develop interesting and complex problems. It is a company filled with great people with good ideas who have a passion for developing software. The compensation is good and competitive. The work life balance is excellent. Telecommuting is welcomed. Hours are flexible.
Small company atmosphere with big company stability. Profitable throughout the worst economic downturn in the modern era. Not stuffy like MSFT, but not as
The entreprenuerial culture makes Amazon a great place to grow your career if you're the kind of person who will not only pick up the ball and run with it, but will make the ball in the first place. If you're looking for someone to lead you by the hand, though, Amazon's not for you.
High pay for Seattle, which is not the cheapest but definitely not the most expensive city. As a software developer there can be a lot of leeway for technologies used. A single engineer can be involved in all aspects of product life cycle, there's little division of labor. UI, schema design, implementation, testing, maintenance... High hiring standards have paid off - your peers are very competent and many downright inspiring. The company really does make long-term strategic commitments and stick to them. Employees truly do frame meetings around "so how is this good for the customer?"
Lot's of autonomy and the opportunity to work with very smart, very hard-working people. Cutting edge technology and very successful business model.
fast paced. ownership of issues. so many issues arise you can pick the ones you want to work on
Assuming you pick your group properly: Great co-workers, fun projects, great products and managment that actually listens.
In a lot of ways, Amazon's weaknesses are great reasons to work there. It's a frequently disorganized company that does high tech work on a discount retailer's margins, so there's plenty of opportunity to take on complex tasks, self-initiate projects, drive them to completion, and work across groups. One thing that's basically guaranteed is that your job description doesn't cover everything you will have to do, or will have the opportunity to do. Also, it's fairly hard to get hired there--their interviewing process is nightmarish--so you do get to work with some very smart people once you're on the inside, and have great opportunities to create new products and drive concrete solutions to complex problems. At the very least, it is a very creative environment.  Once inside the company, you also have a lot of opportunity to change rolls. After a year, you're welcome to start trying to interview with different teams for new positions, and there is even the opportunity to move overseas for short-term assignments.
Great vision with great people.
Better than average quality of employees.: Amazon has a good hiring process and the newer employees are all competent. Employees are generally devoid of arrogance, which is a common complaint about companies like Google.  Innovative department structure: The two-pizza team structure is innovative and offers a fair amount of departmental autonomy in theory(does not always work in practice) . If you prefer(as I do) an agile developer run process, Amazon has the advantage of not imposing counter-productive heavy processes. Developers have considerable autonomy to complete their assigned job on a day to day basis, though expect to be blocked ruthlessly and unreasonably if you try to be innovative.  Developers treated relatively well: You will get your extra flat-screen monitor on demand, no questions asked when your manager wont. Your manager's digs will not be much better than your own.  Weekly tech talks etc.
I'm impressed with some of the company values like innovation and customer focus. Good learning experience. Not hard to move around across groups, laterally though.
Interesting problems to solve every day, very smart people all around to work with, scale of operations make you push your limits, relatively short lifecycle of projects enable you to see the end results sooner than later, every engineers voice counts if you know what you are talking about. Different organizations of the company are like a startup within itself, there are always new technologies being developed, it's fascinating the amount of high tech impact each one these projects has.
Smart motivated people, challenging work.
Good pay. Good benifits. Great people. This company is a very good place to work. If you get a chance to work for Amazon.com DO IT!
They get stuff done. There are a ton of technical problems and smart people working on them.
You're on an H1B Visa and its the only job you can get, or you're right out of college and having a "Big name" on your resume is worth it.
fundamentally sound company. strong growth YoY still, and should become a force in the retail industry for years to come as internet continues to become a bigger part of our life.
Amazon is cutting edge, innovative, well recognized, and a market leader. They have shown the world they not only can survive amongst a very competitive landscape, but thrive in a down market. That is due to world class operations, relentless focus on margin improvement, and a very frugal internal attitude. As others have mentioned, due to the speed and lean environment, it's somewhat in a disarray internally which leaves mountains of opportunity for self-starters to make immediate impacts to the bottom lines. Opportunities to move within the company are good and encouraged which expose you to the full scope of the business thus deepening your understanding of how all the pieces fit together, what works, and what does not.
There is no explicit path to promotion. One day you are all of a sudden approached as a candidate for management. .
Great career opportunity and a fun job if you are doing what you like in this company which is I guess 90+% of the employees. They make sure that they hire the right people with desire to work and have fun on the job. The interview process is kind of thorough I my point of view is that it is also effective. They don't want people coming from the street just for the money. They seek for people with passion and expertise in the area that they are applying for. Employees are getting rewarded accordingly with stocks and other benefits.
It will provide you with the broadest understanding of how a business should work and will prepare you for your next experience
It is a big company with amazing brand recognition. The company is doing very well, not said about many companies in these hard economic times. If you truly enjoy working very hard and put most of your energy into your work this is a great place to work. There are no nine to five jobs at amazon. It is a great place to work if you are truly committed to self-development-don't expect the company to teach you how to do your job. You will be surrounded by people who are bright and future focused...there isn't time to get caught up in the past.
If you are interested in massively scalable systems, Amazon is great to understand what true scaling means.  If you are early in your career, Amazon can expose you to a wide range of technologies, and give you a a lot of responsibility quickly. There will also be a lot of people like you to hang out with, develop friendships with and so on. Amazon does a lot of college hiring, so there are a lot of like minded bright people in the software engineering areas.  There is an employee discount, which is nice to have.  Seattle is a great area.  Amazon has a lot of tools support for software engineers, and puts a lot of effort into making it easy to build, deploy and update software.
You'll work with some of the smartest people you've met
Most everyone has an opportunity to add value at Amazon. It's definitely a culture where great ideas are appreciated and,. sometimes, acted on. You are surrounded by smart, ambitious people.
The best part is the flexible hours. The job is project based, so as long as you get your stuff done, you can come in early, late, whatever. While the job is technically an office job, you can work from home on days that you have a doctor's appointment, or if you are feeling under the weather. You get a laptop, which is nice. The BUS/Transit pass was a real nice perk. You can opt for subsidized parking if you prefer. You get stock grants, and good health benefits.
You get to work with some of the smartest people in the industry. The environment is very competitive, you would stand out as a sore thumb if you are not performing as well as the others.  The work is quite interesting depending on what aspect of Amazon you are working on. You get to work with latest technologies in the field. You are expected to be a self starter and have the ability to learn on the job and adapt to rapidly changing work priorities.  You should be flexible with your work hours as you might be working weekend when the work is real crazy.
Compensation is fair, work is interesting, and opportunities are vast.
1. Customer focus is truly priority #1 throughout the organization. 2. Long term focus of management means consistent message and direction. 3. Plenty of smart people, and very few places for the "dead weight" to hide. 4. Very easy, and expected, to rotate through various functional areas of the company. Most people switch roles at least every 2 years.
Amazon has a variety of interesting business and technical challenges which continually provide an opportunity for fun work and fun problems. I started at Amazon after college and I feel that I'm a better software engineer now that I would have been had I been employed elsewhere.  I also feel that Amazon does a good job of allowing ideas and solutions to bubble up from the bottom. In my experience at the company, I feel that I've been given a great degree of freedom to develop software that I want to develop when I can demonstrate that my solution is superior to existing ideas.
There is a lot of freedom, and the sense of ownership is really valuable. Groups are small and usually pretty nimble. Logic usually prevails rather than politics. The customer focus feels nice, and the scale things operate is great. There is always more to learn on both the technical and business fronts, and you don't have a multi year personal backlog then you've got blinders on. If you like a challenge then it is a pretty nice place to work.
Good, profitable company to work at. It's really one of the very few retail companies that are doing well despite the current economic downturn. The company truly values and is, indeed, obsessed with serving customers...so that is a good side (maybe good for long term)
Amazon is a brand-name company which looks excellent on a resume. It will probably give you an inside shot at joining a good startup when you're ready to move on. You get a fair amount of freedom in how you do your job. The base pay is decent for the Seattle area, if perhaps not so much nationally. And most of the non-management people I've come across will go out of their way to be helpful.
During peak season there is opportunity to work a large amount of overtime. The pay is reasonable for the job. Although not all of the bosses are good, my boss is amazing. I feel a sense of accomplishment when I leave work.
Great place to work, smart people, innovative culture, good benefits and good growth
You can learn a lot in a short period of time. Lots of smart people and they run a tight ship which is all good. A great place to start your career or until mid level
Very supportive of your career path and understanding of the demands outside of work. It is one company who despite the economy downturn, continues to grow and stay positive. The main reason for this is the central focus on the customer, their needs and their interests. Another reason they are so successful is innovation, they are very willing to listen to and incorporate ideas from any of their employees. The "all-hands" meetings, held quarterly, are fun and informative. The management is approachable and are willing to help with any aspect of your position, whether its corporate questions down to the individual task.
You will be given the chance to work out interesting problems with some great people. If you have the motivation to drive your own deadlines and you can sell yourself to an MBA everything is pretty much great.
* Very hospitable working conditions * Great people and management * Exciting projects to work on
Being able to work in the fast paced environment of online business. Highly talented people around. Can improve your analytical skill. The business is all about analyzing numbers whether it is pricing, inventory management, or business process re-engineering.  Many people who left also agrees that they have learned a lot working for Amazon.com. The skills acquired at amazon is very useful for working in another companies. The business model of Amazon and how you analyze business can be applied to any other online company. Many who left were successful getting higher salary and higher job title. I am also one of them.
It's pretty cool to work for a company where you can call yourself a customer and an owner. Amazon truly does think about the customer first, and all business decisions are generally made with the customer in mind. It's nice to have access to some of the creators of one of the best (if not the best) product recommendation tools. Amazon definitely has the power of a large corporate company (along with all of the red tape that goes with that), but that strong corporate brand name alone helps secure meetings with potential partners. The Amazon discount is small, but I suppose it's good that you get one!
The compensation package, provided you negotiate it at time of getting hired. Opportunity to work with the best e-commerce platform out there, and you will learn a LOT. Great name to have in resume
Some of the people I've had the pleasure of working with have been nice and very bright. It's really been a pleasure to work with them.  Having a world class internet retailer on your resume if you are interested in the industry helps to get you noticed. Amazon has been incredibly successful (we even had a good Q4 despite the economic issues plaguing other companies) so if you do work here you can learn how it happened. You can also see first hand how what works when your small can create a lot of internal turmoil when you get big if it doesn't change.
in most parts of the company, people are treated as adults. Diversity is valued, intelligence usually wins out
Amazon.com is really a great company. Especially when it comes to how they treat their customers. They really do put the customer first and that is something that is in the DNA of the company. I have worked for a lot of companies who say that they put the customer first and listen to what they want and its mostly half hearted PR speak. At Amazon.com this is not the case and they strive to make the customer experience better.
If you are on the right team, your work will have a tangible impact on millions of people, and as an engineer, it is interesting and gratifying to work on the large scale, difficult software problems. Direction is still very much set by Jeff Bezos, but to his credit he has made a lot of bold but correct decisions in the lifetime of the company. While the startup culture has faded a bit, that does mean that you can maintain a surprisingly good work-life balance while still working on interesting things.
Great enterprenuerial environment where one can really make an impact on the business. Great co-workers who work hard at what they do. Input was actively solicited by Senior management and I felt that my opinion was valued and listened to.
Amazon has a great future and it is exciting to be a part of that.
The best reason to work at Amazon is that it gives you the ability to control your own destiny. If you are assertive and hard working then you will go places, just keep up the hard work and people will notice.
You will get the opportunity to work with lots of other bright people on massive scaling problems. Amazon is an excellent place to work right out of college. Your mileage will vary depending on the particular group you work in but there are lots of opportunities to move between teams once on board. I have been able to secure interviews with ease since leaving Amazon and managed to sharpen my C++ and SQL skills pretty dramatically while at the company. I was given a raise every review cycle during my stay at Amazon and was happy with the salary and benefits I received.
Good opportunity to learn about eBusiness at a large scale. Innovation does happen at Amazon. One can move around within the company and gain exposure to various aspects of the business. Compensation is pretty good but not if you consider the benefits and time demands.
To get paid a decent wage
I highly recommend Amazon. As an engineer, you have a vast amount of resources and tools to get the job done and the infrastructure is such that you don't have to bug IT to install this and that on your servers (unlike other companies). Your team takes ownership of almost every aspect of your product, so there is a lot of opportunity to improve how it runs with limited red tape. There is a huge emphasis on working on large-scale systems which is both fun and an educational experience.
Compensation. They pay well and its looks great on your resume. But they dont pay overtime and EVERY person works 55-60 hour weeks at Amazon. They get their money's worth.
There is little bureaucracy and a relatively flat hierarchy. Many members of senior management have a technical background and are very intelligent. They are also open to ideas and respectful of other employees. One of Amazon's corporate values is frugality which usually leads the company to avoid and cut unnecessary spending such as fancy furniture for senior management, or expensive benefits packages for niche groups. Amazon is a relatively efficient, fun, profitable company to work for.
Good company, great products, forward looking and innovative
Amazon has quite a lot of smart people, and they're given free reign to solve problems the way they think best (after all, they have to deal with the aftermath). The result is a streamlined, low effort, build/deployment system, fairly low bar for building new services and tools, and the opportunity to try new things in a safe manner.  the technical environment is top notch, and the important parts are implemented well enough (always some room to improve).  Amazon is obsessed with metrics - when a service is deployed, part of the process is choosing metrics and monitors to ensure that any problems are caught automatically and fixed, due to the good tools, patches can be pushed out in hours, and rolled back in minutes, so responsiveness is expected.  Senior management communicates fairly openly, the CEO fields questions at the quarterly meeting, and welcomes hostile or difficult questions, which surprised me. At a divisional level, I always had a good idea of where things were headed and the priorities.
The problems you have the opportunity to solve are large and unavailable at most other companies. It's extremely exciting to see your project talked about all over the tech press and to think about how many billions of times a day your code is being run. At Amazon someone who is right out of college can easily have the opportunity to design a big system from scratch without being told what to do by other more experienced people (although this is a negative if you are that experienced person having to clean up after the newbie). This of course allows you to learn from your own past mistakes since you are allowed to make them. And, after you eventually leave Amazon you'll have that recognizable name on your resume.
Challenging problems, smart people, a company known for innovation.
Looks great on a resume. If you can survive at Amazon, you can be successful most anywhere.
Challenging work, very high hiring bar, difficult to get a job there, but once you do, you will be working with the top talent in the industry. Many different profit centers within the company (vs. Google, which is highly dependent on ad revenue almost exclusively) and lots of innovation, so there are always new projects going on in almost every area of the company. Amazon has arguably the best cloud computing environment in the industry and is the industry leader in online retail (both the bread-and-butter of the company), but also does many other things (third party merchants, eCommerce platform, subidiaries such as IMDb, A9, etc.).
They are very people oriented. Both in the way of employees and customers. As an employee, there are so many perks and enjoyable things that make it fun to work there. During the holidays and especially on the cold / snowy days, the management team made chili, pancakes, waffles and other delicious "warming" foods. They pass out candy and all other many of treats to keep everyone going on long days. And, as far as customers, we employees are given the tools to really help them. It's not often that we have to hide behind a policy, because our policy is to leave our customer's with a good experience. Period.
One of the selling points for this job and for the company was that there is a high level of employee visibility.
At Amazon innovation and efficiency are prized. Amazon's customer obsession is a big positive. The company prefers to invest in long term decisions which are positive for customers over short term decisions which may give the company a temporary boost. While no company is a true meritocracy, Amazon does a great job of rewarding performance and delivery of results. You will also get to work with very smart people at Amazon. There's always an opportunity to learn from your peers or management. There are many mechanisms for feedback and your job will have a lot of visibility and potential for impact.
Great managers that are easy to talk to. Easy work.
It's a place where I'm allowed to implement the ideas I have.
Be part of the leading online retailer.
An innovative, fast paced place
There are a lot of smart people and lots of opportunities to learn from them - frequent tech talks, generally open communications policies. All of the managers I've had have been people that I've felt like I've worked _with_ rather than _for_ - they've been generally interested in figuring out what's needed for our customers and getting the group's feedback on how to get it done. I haven't experienced any of the micromanagement styles that I've seen mentioned in other reviews here.
-Fortune 500 company that has a strong corporate culture -Generous pay -Good organization -Useful benefits (bus pass, shuttle service between buildings) -Creative company -Cheap cafeteria -Everyone working there is pretty well-rounded and genuinely nice -Lots of opportunity for self-improvement and process improvement
Industry respect. Focus on the engineer and finding creative solutions.
An opportunity to work with some of the smartest people around and a chance to see impact on a massive scale. The smallest change can impact millions of people. Every decision, every thought is driven by numbers which changes the way you think and forces you to focus on results.
Improve your ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Extremely smart people and a fast-paced environment.
A great experience if you want to make a difference ay a major corporation. Employees can diretly impact the business and the company encourages you to "just do it". I've been a long-time employee and i my whole career has been at Amazon but feel that i have had ample career growth opportunity.
No better place to learn about the ins and outs of e-commerce and sound web-based application development. Truly breaking ground with a scale no one else can match. I find that the lessons I learned at Amazon are useful in my current job and anticipate that I will continue to find new uses for skills honed there.
Amazon is a place were you work next to really smart people who are motivated and excited about what they do for a living. While our workforce has changed over the years, the culture instills a focus on knowing the details of your business, maniacal focus on the customer - even if that means short term and perhaps long term pain - because that is the right thing to do and a willingness to take risks. People who love change and deal well with ambiguity thrive at Amazon. Those who want to be told what to do and who desire a clear road map get very frustrated. Every job has it's ups and down and Amazon has had it's fair share and more, but the company continues to innovate, continues to eschew the trappings of success and the employees take pride in their work.
Amazon truly values the customer. There were a number of instances where Amazon would do something which short-term wasn't good for the company, but was definitely good for the customer. Bezos strongly believes that doing the best for the customer will also be best for the company long-term.
career growth, ability to impact business, ability to make a difference
Ability to lead initiatives since management ranks are lean.
It is a fun, fast paced environment. Lots of opportunities to advance with the rotational program which really gets the creative juices flowing and moving between teams. People are highly motivated and want to change the world, very serious about the company mission. Everyone is treated with respect and team environment is great. Relaxed work environment, I can chat with anyone around me and listen to my music, then go out to happy hour after work with some coworkers.
Truly a start up. Although a big company Amazon still enjoys a start up environment, you will quickly get responsibility over diverse areas and will have a unique learning opportunity
At Amazon.com you have flexible work times and the option to work remotely (as long as it is in moderation), and the managers are very supportive. These have been important factors for my performance, since I feel that I am most productive when I work without disruption.  In my opinion, the best aspect of working at Amazon.com is the fact that you have immediate impact on customer experience. The projects are usually short (on the order of weeks), iterative and deployments are painless, making it quite easy to innovate and get instant feedback. This also means that you get to work on a variety of projects that stretches you on different levels.  Teams are usually small, which fosters team spirit and sense of ownership. You are always judged by your merits. Your opinions are heard, and as long as you can make the case they are most often adopted.  Amazon.com, today, is more than an online retailer: it has variety of other services to offer, like Amazon Web Services. This means, there are a large number opportunities to advance your career in a variety of aspects -- without you having to change your company. And, did I mention that you will be working with some of the top engineers in the industry?
Focused on the customer and creating a good expereince for them. There are opportunities to work outside US if you want to spend some time working at elements outside US. Most of the survivors are an intelligent group that try to believe in what they are doing.
Amazon was a great place to learn and hone skills but an incredibly stressful experience overall. It's nice that they really do put the customer first, and I will continue to be an Amazon.com customer.
Excellent medical/dental benefits, good pay and interesting work.
Employees are challenged on a daily basis. Decisions are made quickly and people are willing to listen to new ideas. People work hard and are passionate about what they do and how it benefits the customer. Amazon consistently hires very intelligent, motivated, and ambitious employees.
New opportunities and the chance to work with smart people
Customer orientation and innovation. Customers love our site and they keep coming back. It really pays off when you see a ton of compliments from customers about a product/offering. Also, having smart and driven people working around you helps develop your thinking on different aspects of the task.
New Technologies, Challenging environment, good core values
Working for Integrity Staffing for Amazon. Do not know if there is any pros besides the pay rate?
- Work experience is excellent, with exposure to many different technologies. - Amazon Web Services is a technology leader in some fields, which makes working on some of the web services projects extremely interesting. - Their are some excellent managers and team leaders in Amazon, with great insight into the process of software development. - Amazon has a higher hiring bar than much of the industry, which ensures that most (but not all) employees are competent and good at their jobs.
Good place to learn about e-commerce. Seattle is a great city, and Amazon near the core rather than stuck out in the suburbs. Great coworkers. Amazon.com looks great on a resume. You get to roll-your-own engineering much of the time.
If you want to develop a total retail frame of mind, this is the place to do it. Likewise, if you wish to sharpen your cost-costing skills this is the place for you.  If you have little faith in your decision making skills and require micro-management to make it through your day-to-day activities, Amazon is a good place.  Amazon is also a great place for the "meat-eaters" to work. You will have ample opportunity to ambush slower animals.
Work with really smart people. Pay is good. The brand is very strong. You get to work on very cool products and because there are so few product managers, you get a lot of responsibility. The company is moving in a really cool direction from a technology and business standpoint, and there is a strong sense that this company will be continue to be a leader in the long term.
Amazon is a fast paced environment that allows one to learn a lot from developing large scale software. The company does care about it's customers. You can often end political arguments by focusing on the customers. You will work with a bunch of smart workers who are very talented. The work life balance is decent, but it also depends on the team you are on. The senior management has been pretty good at listening to people below them, and giving the workers the proper support they need. Senior management also has a pretty good idea of how to progress the team for the future.
You'll learn a lot and its a growing environment. I used to get really frustrated about the focus on frugality and the not-invented-here and build-it-over-buy-it mentality there. However, seeing how the rest of the work does IT, I'm good with the frugal approach and building it and doing work. Most people out there do IT via spending money on products to expand the domain of the IT manager, without any focus on the business, and without any metrics for success -- Amazon is the opposite fo that. Everything needs a cost justification and its difficult to build empires without any competency.  The topgrading environment is actually good in some ways because it does eliminate a lot of the people that you have to put up with at other jobs who are totally useless. The bar raising interviews and stack ranking does actually mean that you might be working with a bunch of other decently talented people rather than trying to drag a department along single handed.  I usually get bored at a company after 2-3 years, but I stuck with Amazon for nearly 5 years before getting bored with it because it was growing so fast (grew from managing 400 servers to 30,000 servers in 5 years). At some point, though, I'd learned most of the lessons dealing with scale, and that exposed the fact that I simply didn't like working for the company or the upper management (Bezos in particular).
Entrepreneurial opportunities within company, the CEO and some of the SVPs are the very best, no red tape, smart people, stock, brand.
Casual Attire allowed everyday of the week
good career growth with exposure to a high-success way of doing business. Great to focus on the customer rather than on stock share prices.
Very strong IT engineering, lots of extremely smart people, plenty to learn, interesting tech challenges. Minimal formalism, engineers often have direct contacts with their business customers. Generally, there is very little balance, practically everybody I've met in different parts of organization were true professionals.
growth and money you can grow really fast
Work with empowered, very smart people. Lots of interesting technology. Individual groups have a lot of autonomy and are empowered to make their own decisions.
Got to work on a cool project that the whole world can see.
Would have been a great career opportunity for advancement, however we are all aware of the great crash of 2008 and the impact this is having on consumers. Hence this is a tough year to be in retail and a time when most management are fearful of making investments. However, this could also be a time of great opportunity for visionary leaders who are willing and able to invest with an eye on the future. How will American consumers buy post this crash, online of course! Hence Amazon needs to position herself to lead in this future. In fact, feel responsible for driving, creating and innovating to bring this future to past. Other positives, great location, awesome discount on website products and opportunity to learn about retailing
The company hires really smart people and create a great product that really focuses on the end user.
It's a well-respected company, and a lot of exciting things are happening. I think the company has a good long-term outlook
The company provides a lot of opportunities to work on various projects and interact with different groups. In addition, it is fairly easy to move around to different groups. The results of your projects are very visible and you will have the opportunity to interact with management. The company has a very long-term approach and seems to be well positioned for the future.
Good, long term vision that seems to be paying off.
Scale -- Amazing opportunity to have exposure to large-scale ecommerce, website, infrastructure. Truly the most top-notch security folks I have seen anywhere.  Solid Company -- I believe that Amazon has a good, solid core business and that Jeff truly does have vision.  Amazing colleagues -- Some really smart, good people that I have loved to work with. Exceedingly competent software development overall.  Vacation -- stay there long enough (7+ years) and you'll get a decent amount of vacation.
There is no micromanaging on my team, and I'm free to make whatever corrections I deem are necessary. If I see a problem and decide it needs fixing there is nothing in my way, and I enjoy this freedom.
The people you will be working with are amazingly clever. The "bar raising" approach they bring to interviews really has done a lot to keep the employee base competent.  You will be building software used my hundreds of thousands of people.
Good compensation package, no state tax in Washington. Competitive with Google and Microsoft.  A lot of exciting teams to work on, which was surprising, especially to those that view Amazon as a "bookstore."  Teams are usually small, divided into two pizza teams, meaning that each team can be fed by two pizza. This is nice.
Philosophy of focusing on the customer and they truly mean it. Many times we made decisions that were bad for the company short-term but better for the customer. Great to be guided by what's good for the customer.  Strong sense of innovation - they try to do things in a new way and think big and ambitiously. You will have the opportunity to build interesting products and features.  Stability - Jeff Bezos has a very long time-horizon and runs the company for the long term. Although the stock has traditionally gone up and down, the overall investment strategy is actually conservative. This company is unlikely to have anything that's a big hit that causes the stock to shoot through the roof, but you can count on fairly steady growth and I would not be surprised if the company is never forced to go through significant downsizing again.  Size - The company is actually quite small. Don't be fooled by employee headcount numbers, most of those people are working in distribution centers and customer support. The actual meat of the company, the people building things, is small and fits in a couple buildings in Seattle. The product management leadership is a small group and it is easy to make an impact.
The money. They pay you a lot to work a hell of a lot. No work / life balance so kiss that goodbye. The benefits are okay, but honestly, this is probably something you won't even have time to enjoy depending on which department you work for. If you are an IT professional, run don't walk away from this company. They work their IT employees extra hard and not much appreciation is awarded. Other than that, there are SMALL perks by working for Amazon. Visiting book authors will stop by and employees get a chance to meet them and hear them talk in a conference room. That's about it!
Genuinely intelligent co-workers. I have always been very impressed by the quality of the people I work with at Amazon.
If you are good and can handle the pressure you will go far
Opportunity to work on many different projects, smart people in general. Genuinely oriented towards customers.
The place is fast paced and challenging
The company has a very clear vision. If you are sufficiently extraverted and political, opportunities for advancement can be good.
It is the place to be for e-commerce. You won't get this kind of experience anywhere else. For someone with little experience, its a great place to get a lot of responsibility quickly.
- Interesting/hard issues to attack. Challenging and fun. - Fast release cycle. - SDE does work in multiple areas - some development, some QA, some PM, ... - Encouraged to explore new technologies and get experience for other teams. - Brilliant, knowledgeable and friendly coworkers - Friendly management style.
Customer focus reigns supreme. Lots of smart people. Very clear focus on what they want to do.
If you are fresh out of college, Amazon can be a great place to pick up loads of skills. You wind up (mostly) managing your own projects end to end, so you wind up learning about build, deployment, system administration, schema design, as well as any coding required for the task. You also learn about scalablity. And of course, you get to work with lots of cool distributed technologies. There's something to be said for having software that runs on hundreds of servers. There are a few nice perks as well, such as a free bus pass and occasional keggers. The environment is pretty relaxed in that you don't have to dress up or watch what you say.
Small teams encourage start-up-like mentality and working environment. Compensation is top-notch. All teams are limited to some 8-9 people, which allows each person to assume a comprehensive role covering all aspects of software development. The job also gives very interesting technical challenges.
I get to work with very bright, very customer focused people, who are also genuinely decent and caring individuals. I get to work on some amazing technology and I can see how it will change the world when it is in the hands of our customers. Senior management is smart, intense, focused, and driven by results. They are also very accessible via email, and will take the time to respond. There's a total lack of politics, game playing, and manipulation. The product cycle is short, so the work you do today will be in the hands of customers tomorrow. You can bring your dog to work. Having fun and helping to make Amazon a fun place to work is a core value and doing this right can even have an impact on your review.
they are doing good business for sure. as a shareholder I would love to own it. their philosophy is customer centered, everything is to create the best customer experience, even at the expense of low profit margin, which I totally agree. the loyal customer base is essential.
If you are interested in moving ahead, particularly as an Engineer, it is all in your hands. If you are smart, work hard, put in extra time, you're almost guaranteed to move ahead quickly. Politics don't come into play nearly as much as results.
The work is pretty chanllenging, lots of new things to learn. and the money is pretty good.
Really smart, motivated employees. You ship software often and can see the results of your work frequently. One year at AMZN is equivalent to several years of experience at most other companies. If you look around you can find really cool projects, many of which are greenfield and do not require supporting old code. Having Amazon on your resume will also open a bunch of doors for you. I received a never-ending stream of emails and phone calls from recruiters while I worked there. Generally speaking, you have a great deal of latitude in working on things that interest you.
Amazon is packed full of opportunities. There's plenty of space to grow both personally and technically and challenges abound. The real beauty of the place is that individual groups and teams are given nearly full reign in how they operate as long as they produce the desired results. This level of freedom means that those teams which require strict SDLC methodologies to meet high availability requirements can apply those, while teams who do not require as strict of a methodology are also free to explore agile approaches. There are lots of available tools for working in certain ways, but teams are not required to use those tools and are welcome to use others of their own choosing. This freedom keeps the work environment fresh and interesting, even as Amazon has grown into a truly large company.  The other aspect of Amazon that is truly rewarding is the "ownership" attitude that is fostered. Not code ownership, per se, but rather company ownership. Any employee is encouraged to think about how the project they are doing improves customer experience, drives down costs, and overall improves the business. Anyone can say "I don't think that this is a good customer experience," and people tend to listen.
There aren't too many rules or established ways of doing things so if you're the type who wants to try out new things, write new code or that kind of thing you'd love it. You wont hear No as long as it doesn't cost the company money. If it doesnt cost any money then you can do virtually anything you want. Probably half the cool stuff on our site comes from ideas people had and tried out on their own. It is definitely a good place for people without much else going on in their lives because your not going to have time for any thing else.
It is a big start up company. Original ideas are respected and you see the sprite and growth of a start up company. Unlike many high tech companies that I have worked - I like the frugal ways of Amazon. It is more long lasting that way and enhances the share holder value in the long run and as an employee you do hold a large amount of company stock. There are lot of new initiatives which keeps the innovation level very high. At the same time mere visionaries and arm chair thinkers have no chance of surviving in the company. Innovation is only respected if you can execute.
the people were great, the brightest i've worked with
It's great to work for a company that you're also a customer for. It definitely creates a more fun working environment.
The company is very successful. Diverse workforce. Smart people.
Since the company is growing, there are a lot of opportunities to dig in and make a difference. If you don't have a lot of experience, it's a good place to start and learn. Additionally, the company is making history almost every day, and it's great to be part of the company's achievements.
Innovation, innovation, innovation. Work hard. Have fun. Make history. It truly still is "day 1" at Amazon. Amazon loves to try new things and we give people room to fail. Failure is important if one learns from the mistakes. And every now and then great new ideas are born. Look at Web Services, look at things like Mechanical Turk. These are awesome, awesome projects to work on. Amazon has some of the smartest people in the industry. Think of what you can do when you are together with so many great minds!
Very dynamic company and high growth
great experience to work with very clever people
Great place to get started. You can work with a lot of difference technologies and get the Amazon stamp of approval on your resume.
Fast paced, huge company. There is a lot of development and expansion going on, the company is experiencing global growth.
Amazon is a fast paced company where you get the opportunity to work on just about every aspect of a problem to get it done. If you have the right type of personality (I do) then this is a great chance to try out allot of different job roles without switching companies or positions.
They pay to relocate you back to the Pacific Northwest.
Work with many smart and talented people.
Everyday at Amazon was a challenge, but in a good way. I enjoyed the people a lot...and there were a lot of interesting people that worked in Seattle. The development community was always there to help. Same goes for managers and top execs.
Amazon is a great brand. If you tell someone you work at Amazon, outside of Seattle at least, you will inevitably hear, "Oh, I love Amazon!"
You work with some really good people, you work on large scale problems and you can learn a lot about distributed systems.  There's a lot of good automated infrastructure to help you get your job done.
Amazon provides excellent starting salaries to interns and recent college grads. The benefits and moving packages are excellent and they help you get settled in. The atmosphere is comfortable. While you are only one person in a large company you will find it easy to meet others and they do a good job of helping you feel like part of the team.
1. Challenging problems (depending on which part you work on) 2. Fun environment 3. A lot of "not invented here" -- if you can play it right, you can build quite an engineering portfolio for yourself 4. If you are an adrenaline junkie -- you will enjoy the rush of having to fix a broken website in real-time. 5. Management seems to recognize some failures and is remedying them, slowly but surely.
There is an excellent and competent workforce.
High quality and dedication of employees. Interesting and challenging technical problems: scale AND (application) complexity. Cooperative working environment, not excessively political. Amazon still has a lot of new things left to do. Frugailty is taken seriously: the work's the thing. Totally. Seattle is a great place to live.
Amazon still feels like a startup in someways, in that everything is moving quickly and there are many opportunities to make a difference. I have felt empowered at Amazon to make impacting decisions that at other companies may have been slowed by bureaucracy. Amazon is not perfect, however that results in opportunity for you to fix the imperfections and get recognized. There are many diverse job roles at Amazon and many different business groups and you are able to move to different business groups fairly easily if you perform well in your current role. The people working at Amazon are smart and most seem fairly happy. The company is still growing fast and the total compensation which includes generous stock awards is very competitive.
The opportunity to work on projects that have great impact both internally and externally. Ability to move around the business and not get pigeonholed into a particular function/job. Should be a more formal process... People think you work at a great company and are very impressed when you tell them you work at Amazon...that is unless they know better. (i.e. ex-Amazonian or know someone at Amazon)
You'll be working with some of the smartest, most able, most passionate people you'll ever meet. You'll get opportunities to succeed (and fail) beyond your abilities or scope and if you're good, you'll get a lot of responsibility fast (though maybe not the title, salary or recognition that responsibility deserves).  You'll work on projects, programs, innovations that touch millions of customers worldwide. Rarely will you work for a company whose customers feel so passionate about the service - and tell you about it too. If you're data-driven, have good judgment, like to build things and like to move quickly, Amazon will be a great place for you. And you'll have great stories when you go to parties (except of course, they're all business confidential).
Chance to work with great engineers, exposure to scaling, availability and reliability issues in software and systems, and great senior management who apparently know what they are doing. The stock units aren't bad either with the way the stock is doing lately.
At Amazon, you are constantly interacting with very intelligent, driven people. Yet most Amazonians also know how to have fun, and it is not unusual to find teams gathering for lunches, after-work drinks, summer baseball games or other activities.  The team I am on is a large team but a very open team. Although most of us sat in cubes, the "open-door policy" was always practiced, even with the management who had the walled offices. Communication between levels is expected, regardless of what level the comment is coming from and what level it is going to.
Good brand recognition, it will work for your resume. You'll also get to work on some interesting projects and around really bright people. If you have a great idea and plenty of motivation, you may get a chance to champion your work.
Interesting technologies, great new projects, with tremendous positive impact on the customer. It's a great place to learn about how to run a business. You can have exposure to as many facets as you please. It's relatively easy to move internally. Lots of great people who work in this company.
Its a fairly decent company to work for although it can get crazy and hectic come the holidays. The pay scale is fairly average I suppose however for the amount of work that you're required to do (ie putting in OT alot) and constantly changing work schedules (tends to change every 6-8 months) and dealing with angry customers makes it seem below average. Communication between management and employees can go either way. All in all not a bad place to work.
Amazon.com employs some of the brightest technologists, shrewdest business people, and creative merchandisers. I am continually impressed with the caliber of Amazon employees. Most attended the premiere schools for their specialty and have work ed with a wide variety of top companies. Despite vast accomplishments, employees are very modest and rarely mention achievements or backgrounds. The culture is very egalitarian and casual. Without recognizing faces it is hard to differentiate the CFO and SVPs from low level managers. The company has zero tolerance with politics . The environment is very fast-paced and entrepreneurial.
- Money - once you have 2 years in, the salary plus stock is very competative - High visibility product - Technology focused - Smart people - Freedom to make technological decisions (i.e. not centrally mandated) - good performance review process -- highly based on peer feedback
ownership and dynamic culture. Strong technology focus
You'll be working with systems that function on a scale that very, very few other companies have to worry about. Every year, they have to push the envelope to survive the Christmas season without melting down. It's something that you don't get elsewhere.
Very good pay compared to the industry. Developers are responsible from design to QA, deployment and maintenance of software. This allows great efficiency and ensures little overhead of dealing with multiple groups on one project. Developers are very good at what they do, and are helpful in general. There are internal tech talks and learning sessions almost every week to keep other developers abreast of what's happening at different units. Most managers came from a technical background, therefore they understand and communicate with developers well. There is little office politics I can see of. Internal transfers are encouraged. This is great because there are always exciting new projects going on within the company.
Smart, passionate, driven co-workers, highly collaborative, high energy environment
open environment, u can do a lot
Amazon is a great place to learn about lots of interesting and hard software problems like massively scalable distributed systems, personalization, internationalization, user traffic analysis and data mining. The sheer scale of Amazon makes software development rewarding: millions of people will use your code (or find your bugs). The code you write can have a significant impact on both people and profits. You will also get exposure to many cutting edge industry problems that give you very marketable, appealing skills as a software engineer. When moving from Amazon to other tech companies, I was surprised at how highly regarded my experience at Amazon was, and how useful what I learned there has become at later stages in my career.  The company overall is very analytical about everything it does- absolutely everything is measured, and decisions are made based on data, not feelings or politics. All projects and individual performance are evaluated against the same set of technical and leadership corporate values. Everyone is held accountable all the time for the measured quality of their work, which forces yearly evaluation and rewards to be quite fair.  The workplace environment overall is good- management is very aggressive about enforcing standards of good conduct amongst employees, and the engineering community is very vibrant and collaborative. It has the feel of a startup in many ways, even though it is a multi-thousand person company. The developer community in particular is great- the density of smart people is very high, and there are more opportunities than a single person could take advantage of to broaden their tech knowledge and skills.  The benefits and compensation are also generous.
Amazon is a very innovative company with never a dull moment at work. Management greatly encourages new ideas/technology, given that you can get some free time off your operational load (see below). The company has some of the smartest people around and provides awesome learning and career growth opportunities. If you ever wonder what does it take to keep a large scale distributed system working where the customer never even realizes the machinery behind amazon.com, you need to come work at Amazon. Great place to work at, learn some new stuff and have fun while doing it. Amazon totally rocks!
As a young Software Engineer, there aren't many places that will pay you like Amazon. The pay is very, very good. Figured I would get that out there up front.  I have a good deal of freedom with my job, and with small exceptions, I haven't been overburdened with long hours, either. From talking with other employees from other teams, and reading these reviews, I think it is somewhat the luck of the draw with Amazon - because teams are very independant and decentralized, your experience with one team can be wildly different from another. Luckily, I believe I am on a very good one.  Management has been great, in my experience. My manager is a coder/manager, so while he isn't the best project manager I've ever worked with, he works very hard to understand what is going on at a low level with the team, without micromanaging. I rarely have had to deal with upper management, and when I do, the experience has been positive.  Work/life balance has also been good. My team is very understanding and somewhat liberal when it comes to giving time off when necessary. The schedule is also very flexible, we can come and go as we please, work from home when necessary, etc.  Amazon's recruiting process brings in the best and brightest. I have yet to meet an SDE at Amazon tha I thought "slipped through the cracks" and didn't belong. Everyone at the company seems capable of contributing at a high level.
Good name and good experience. You get to work with a good number of smart, driven individuals.
You work with lots of smart people who really want to do a good job. We really are customer focused, which makes you proud of the work you've done at the end of a long day. Nearly limitless possibilities for moving around internally and learning new skills.
Amazon is doing a bunch of things that are really at the cutting edge of information technology. Massive scale? Check. Cloud computing? Check. Utility web services? Check. Internet media? Check. You get the freedom to do amazing things. (Mind you, along with that comes the responsibility to do them right.) That's from the engineering point of view. I can't really comment on the retail and supply chain parts of the business.
Very bright people. I have never been bored. You can see the results of your work quickly. Innovation is encouraged. Developers have the opportunity to use new technologies. The private book signings with authors that are offered to employees are great.
Fast paced dynamic environment. Smart co-workers. Strong sense of ownership in the decentralized model lends itself to designing and writing better software. Flexibility to explore alternate career paths.
Amazon is still growing, and there are a lot of great teams to work on. If you pick the right team with the right manager, there's a lot of opportunity to work on fun things like AWS or Digital Services, and get recognized and rewarded for your achievements. Some of the other highlights include: weekly tech talks to educate engineers on what's going on in the industry or to talk about a cool new technology that a team is working with, "fishbowls" - where popular authors or artists come to talk about their latest books and albums and of course, all the benefits of working in downtown (or close to it) Seattle.  The dreaded pager duty that many Amazonians complain about again depends on the team you work on. On a large team, you can foresee being on pager duty once every 6-8 weeks. If your software service is critical and has a penchant for going down, this can definitely be hell. For some teams, where the service is not critical (support for internal teams, for example) or not prone to outages, pager duty can be considered a mild inconvenience.
Its growth will bring a lot of opportunities for future career advancement. Fast pace and dynamic work environment.
The best reasons to work at Amazon would be the following: resume building, experience in a dynamic environment, where you could design and run with a project. There can be room to make your position what you'd like it to be if you're on the right team.
A great place to learn how business and technology work together. The vision and communication from senior leadership is good. Amazon supports a great work/life balance (depending upon your manager). If you ask, you will get answers and justification for various things from compensation, promotions and career advancement. If you are smart you will be rewarded, do not be afraid to challenge. Amazonians respect smarts.
free FlexPass, smart people, casual environment, can learn a lot to build things to scale
The best reasons to work for Amazon are that it's the best experience builder and resume builder you will ever have. A year at Amazon is like a dog-year - it's worth 5 of anywhere else. I've had no trouble getting my foot in the door elsewhere simply because I worked for Amazon. Right now also the pay is pretty good because of the stock options, though that didn't use to be the case and certainly there is a belief that Amazon does not share the wealth the way it should.
small company entrepreneurial feel with a big, reputable company brand name
Great, smart people who are passionate about their roles as builders. High bar for excellence and analytics. Challenging and constantly changing business opportunities that make each job "new again" on a regular basis. Jeff is a visionary and is one of the few CEOs of Fortune 500 companies that is actively involved in creating value for shareholders.
Amazon.com is an amazing place to learn. The decentralized, self-starter atmosphere strongly supports and encourages people who are motivated to try new things. In just months of being here, you'll end up having responsibilities that most companies wouldn't hand off from the legions of middle management for years. You're able to touch every aspect of the business, from the actual business side (TCO, business justifications, cost/benefit analysis, etc), to the deeply technical side (even all the way to choosing whatever technology, language, and platform you like). Every role has a huge amount of autonomy and responsibility.  Additionally, there are no middle-management drones here. Every person I've met here is top-notch, blisteringly intelligent and an extremely valuable asset to the company. Like most companies, there are some folks who might do better in other roles... but I've been overwhelmed by just how GOOD these people are. Coming from a different company where a lot of people just "coast", this is a nice, refreshing change.
Amazon attracts very bright engineers who are motivated to solve large and complex problems. The culture encourages creative and diverse solutions and promotes knowledge sharing through brown bags and tech talks. Amazon has created a robust technical community within the company.
High ownership, and ability to make significant differnce. Each individual has lot of power and freedom to make the s/w better. Employees are generally not restricted by process.
There is good opportunity for professional growth, there are plenty of chances to lead, and plenty of hard and interesting problems on which to work. Also, the company treats the customer very well. It treats the employee less well, however.
very interesting distributed system, large problems, can get work done,
Powerful technology Relatively non political Friendly culture
Working at Amazon is technically challenging. Amazon has a very high bar for its employees which results in a company of smart and dedicated people. It is a great place to learn and provides lots of opportunity for growth both in terms of technical skills and in terms of job opportunities. It is very easy to get information about what other teams/groups/departments are doing.
Amazon has high hiring standards. I worked with people I respected and admired.  Amazon people said what was on their mind. A great example was the quarterly all hands meeting. For an hour or more at the end of the meeting, senior managers would take questions from any employee on any subject: from the company's business strategy to its work environment to its food.
An extremely fast moving environment where you are empowered to conceive of and champion your own ideas to fruition (as long as they are based on core values like customer-focus). This autonomy can allow one to accomplish a lot and advance.
I can make a direct impact on Amazon's bottom line and customer experience.
Because you are everything (PM, SDE, SDET, Build/Deployment Engineer, Support Engineer), you can learn a lot. But this comes at a huge cost of sacrificing your life. If you have nothing else to do in life this is a great place for you to kill your time.
I am a Software Engineer, and I love working at Amazon. There are a lot of smart people that work at Amazon. We are very focused on working on things that are very important to the company's core businesses, but willing to create new ways to expand the business. Not a lot of theory, all practical engineering.  Most of the time, I am driven to complete projects because they are interesting and important. I very rarely don't care about what I'm working on and need to be pushed into doing something. Most people that work there can operate independently, and those that can't usually don't like it very much. I am very independent and self-motivated, so I love not having a boss tell me what needs to be done all the time. There is a flip side to that though- sometimes I feel like my boss doesn't necessarily know what needs to be done.
Amazon's decentralized structure gives teams a good amount of autonomy and freedom to set their own roadmaps and schedules. Everyone feels a strong sense of ownership in the systems they build. You are not just a code monkey.  The decentralized nature also means that the employee experience may vary depending on what part of the company you work in, so my observations may differ from those of others. (If you're working on base-level functionality such as the order pipeline, you will have different pressures placed upon you than someone working on higher-level or internal-facing features.)  One of Amazon's core values is frugality--a fact which doubtlessly helped the company survive the dot-com crash of the early 2000s, and should continue to serve it well during periods of economic uncertainty. This adds a nice degree of confidence in the security of one's job.  Upper management attitude is that we should always be innovating, and based on the features the company has launched over the past few years, you can tell they aren't just using that as a buzzword. Amazon is still a relatively young company, so there is still a willingness to experiment.  Look forward to the mid-2010 move to Seattle's growing South Lake Union neighborhood. We're building a new campus from the ground up. It's nice that they're using employee feedback in the design process.  I've seen some headlines that seem to imply long hours (though I can't read the full reviews yet)--fortunately, that hasn't been my experience.
It is a great company
You work hard but the people are smart and they are committed to what they are doing. It's great to work with a fun group of intelligent people that are continually innovating and improving.
The initial offer was the best I seen in the industry.
The people are Amazon's greatest asset. They put a lot of effort into hiring the best people they can find, recruiting is taken very seriously. Some of the smartest people I've met have been colleagues at Amazon.
Fast-paced, innovative, breadth of experience, learning opportunities. One of the best companies in the internet space. Fundamentally a technology company that built pretty much everything from ground up.
Amazon.com is the cure for the traditional, command-and-control work environment. Jeff and the rest of the S-Team (top executives) do an amazing and consistent job of setting and refining top-level priorities while doing everything in their power to empower engineers to be able to just build.  There are a wide variety of teams at Amazon which work in a wide variety of ways. Teams whose software is core to the primary business (SELLING STUFF ON THE WEB HELLO!) tend to have to move much more slowly and carefully, and are obsessed with keeping software highly available and operating at maximum efficiency. The problems of scale are many and from this area of the business comes a continuous stream of innovation to allow the business to keep growing leaps and bounds each year.  Teams whose mission is less central are free to innovate in a wide variety of ways. With a world-class technology platform powering thousands of distributed services, new businesses and programs come online every day with much less overhead than any other company I've ever seen!  Compensation for top-performing individuals is extremely competitive. While here I've had offers from Apple and Microsoft which could not touch it.  Amazon.com is a global powerhouse with exciting problems being solved all over the world. With decades of growth ahead of them there will continue to be significant opportunity for all of its employees.
The energy and pace of growth makes it a really exciting place to work. Coworkers are generally interesting and fun people. Work environment is casual with a true open door policy, lots of manic panic in the hair of management, and other similar monikers of a laid back internet company culture.
You get to work on the cutting edge architectures - webservices, SOA, middleware. There's a 360 degree view to engineering where you can get involved with not only the end-to-end SDLC but from an enterprise architectural perspective as well e.g. capacity planning, load/performance testing, senior management reviews and presentations etc.
You are a part of a company on the cutting edge of ecommerce technology. When working with other companies you have a considerable degree of clout given Amazon's place in the marketplace. Great focus on the customer experience as well as amazing efficiencies on the operations side.
It is one of the most innovative companies on the planet that never sits back and rests. Amazon has a humble approach to everything which I find very appealing in today's world of companies screaming about how great they are.  Amazon also has an extremely high hiring bar, and the company is loaded with really smart people. That makes it easy to come to work in the morning.
I'm a career software developer, so my review will be slanted toward the environment Amazon provides for engineers. I can't speak to what it's like to work in the operations, retail or other areas of the company.  The single best reason to work here is that Amazon has done a good job hiring smart people. I'm surrounded by people with a variety of different talents, whether it's design skills, algorithms knowledge or general programming skills. I am consistently stretched in my development by being exposed to different, intelligent viewpoints. That's mixture of DNA is vital to a thriving environment where people continue to learn and stay engaged.  One of Amazon's other key strengths is its ability to remain focused on customers and building long-term value. I've worked here for over 10 years, and we've consistently found innovative ways to improve the experience for customers. Many projects don't reap immediate profit or cost savings rewards, but because they're the right long-term move for the company, we do them anyway. That's great to see as a long-term employee.
You get to work on challenging problems and learn from some of the best engineers out there. There also tends to be a clear correlation between what you're working on and tangible business objectives. Also, individual development groups have a lot of autonomy in how they work. (This has it's downsides, see below.)
Amazon is a great company in many respects -- the core retail website and Amazon's customer service operations are outstanding. Given it's established status as a successful online retailer, it's in an advantageous position to sell digital media which will of course become an increasingly huge market. The company also has an extremely driven, hands-on, engaged CEO.
Very flexible. If you are on the right team then the work is awesome too. The pay was incredible, even as an intern. Overall I love working for Amazon. In general I get to work on interesting problems and the experience I am getting here will transfer well to anywhere I choose to go. Cloud Computing FTW!
I work for Amazon Web Services, which is definitely the hot spot in the company. Great game-changing technology that is shaking up the industry. Absolutely no complaints about what we are doing.
Entrepreneurial environment still exists which makes your job interesting. There is little time for micro-managing of employees - people who last and succeed at Amazon.com loves this aspect. The company's stock performance has been very strong which makes the low salary ranges easier to deal with during reviews. There is still a lot of "out of the box" thinking when tackling problems. There is accountability within all levels of the company.
Very litle politics. If I do a good job, I get recognized. Things happen very quickly here - there is little red tape/beauracracy and people tell each other the truth.
Amazon has a lot of interesting projects going on at any given time. You will likely be dealing with projects that have a scale that few other companies can compete with. This will well prepare you for your next job.  If you're interested in a project that you are not working on you can still access the code and explore the development environments. This helps when starting a new project so that you can see how others have done things before.  Amazon tries to hire smart people, this means that you will likely be surrounded by people that will be able to teach you something.
Career opportunites and advancement are available for those who are willing to work hard
Smart people and fun, casual environment where you are given tremendous responsibility from day 1
The stock compensation. However be aware, if you join before Jan 1, in your next review period you won't get awarded any stock grant. The initial stock grant vests in 4 years. 5% 1st year, 15% 2nd year, 40% 3rd year, 40% 4th year. Future stock grants vest in 2 years.  If you are really ambitious and willing to work hard, I mean not have a life , 65+ hours weekly, pay for your own Blackberry then you will get promoted fast. That is if you don't piss anybody off. But hey if you are wiling to do the time...
Amazon is a company full of smart, driven individuals who work hard and smart for the most part. Always on the cutting edge and every individual in the company has the opportunity to contribute. Everyone all the way up to JeffB fosters innovation and creativity. No tolerance for underperformers and great recognition for those who do well. A company that seeks out leaders and gives them opportunities to grow. Very driven management with vase and diverse experience. No hierachical red tape and beauraucracy. A fantastic place to work and grow!
Teams tend to be very small and they work fairly independently from each other, which helps keep things moving along quickly. Teams also own their business, which means individual members can have a large impact on what the team produces and how their business grows. Most of the people you work with are very smart and produce quality work.  Amazon's business and scale provides has a huge variety of problems to solve (it ranges from building cool web applications, to optimizing order fulfillment and shipping, to personalization, to web services). If you are unhappy with your current team, odds are there is a team elsewhere in the company doing something you find interesting. Internal transfers are fairly easy and happen all the time.
Salaries, freedom of action, responsabilities
The great things about amazon are definitely the salary that the company pays its employees and the fact that the company is still young and has lots of market it can still capture. Another huge bonus is that they have a downtown office that's right off the I-90 corridor (but that's going to change soon)
Amazon is a very dynamic workplace with lots of interesting challenges and technologies to work on. With mix of retail and cloud computing there is a great deal of verity that Amazon offers to its employees. It is also encouraged to change groups periodically to help with career growth of employees. Comp is good and at par with industry standards. The workplace is not very political and management tries to remove road blocks where necessary. Career growth wise, you have control over where you want to be and set proper goals to reach your target. Management will encourage you every step of the way.
1) On-going flow of innovative ideas that provides a sense that you're working on the cutting edge. 2) Smart, capable and interesting colleagues.
1. High stock price and when most of the bonus is in stocks it makes a significant difference 2. Innovation, challenging work environment. 3. If you are geek this might be best place to work 4. Code-code-code. If you like to code this is one of the best place on earth 5. Very high hiring bar, ensures you always ends up learning from your co-workers
The scale and breadth of the work is energizing, and I am free to solve problems in just about any way I like. The people are also generally charged, smart and inspiring making it fun to meet and work with most everyone.
It is the place to learn the the latest in customer centric web technologies and online retailing. It also pays very well.
It's a growing company with a lot of new ideas and you get to make a lot of people happy. They are always looking for a way to expand and grow. Once you get your foort in the door as a manager you have a lot of room to grow. A wide variety of job titles.
Cutting edge company. Prestige on one's resume Working with extremely talented people. exposure to leading edge technology and opportunity to understand same
Surviving the abuse will give you unbelievable skills. Most of your peers are incredibly smart, competent, and talented people who will teach you all the things you didn't learn in school.
the initial salary, signing bonus, and the stock is not bad. the people are generally pretty smart, projects are of interesting complexity.
Good for new graduates to work for 1 or 2 years.
Company is profitable and health today.
Amazon has consistently surpassed expectations and is one of the most exciting places to work for. As an individual Amazon greatly empowers the employees for decision making.
The engineers are generally motivated and talented. Incompetent people get fired (that sounds scary, but the opposite is true). There are interesting problems to solve. The pay is good to very good. Engineers, generally speaking, get more respect at Amazon than other companies for which I have worked.
Amazon has a strong bias for innovation and out-of-the-box thinking, and tends to ignore title/position -- anyone can invent. They have a "Just Do It" award that is given to people every quarter for stepping outside of their job and creating an innovative solution to a problem, which exemplifies this bias. Amazon has a strong commitment to these innovative ideas, and doesn't have the "sink or swim in 9 months" mindset that many other companies have. Amazon sticks to an idea to see it through.  Amazon offers a reasonably balanced work environment, and expects you to have a family and friends outside of work. You work hard, but you can also have a life outside of work.
Learn the workings of a large distributed system and huge world-class website, learn technologies and software development ideas from coworkers. Good money.
Amazon pays really well and lets you pursue your interests within the company. There are so many different types of engineering jobs available, you wouldn't believe it.
being surrounded by very smart and passionate people who come from all over the country, great pay and options, job growth and opportunities if you demonstrate talent, they take technology very seriously and encourage experimentation and give more than enough resources, the pride that comes from working on a mass-scale consumer product for a globally recognized company
The company is certainly doing well from a business perspective...but that is on the backs of their employees. Benefits are OK, but there are plenty of other companies that provide better.
Being surrounded by talented and dedicated people. Seattle is a great place to live. The signing bonus wasn't bad and staying at the W hotel was nice. Can't wait til headquarters is moved to South Lake Union. It's just plain cool.
Working at Amazon exposes you to a unique work environment. Coworkers are some of the best I've ever had. You get to work for a company where you know you are impacting the way people purchase products on the internet.
There are a couple of good reasons to work at Amazon. You'll probably see some of the same words used to describe other companies within the tech sector, smart, driven, intelligent colleagues. In general you get to work with smart people. Rarely have I met somebody who was incompetent working there. Inexperienced but never incompetent. For the right personality types, this is a way to experience start up life (wearing multiple hats, frugality) while also having a semblance of security. The company is still growing and Jeff is willing to make bold long term bets even if the stock market doesn't like the expense in the short term.
The environment is a very fast-paced, get things done no matter what quality you can deliver. The people are very smart and for the most part everyone has some business sense to them (whether you aspire for this or not). There are some really cool projects (e.g. AWS), but they are saved for people who are Amazon veterans (i.e. don't think you'll come into Amazon and work on a cool project right away, unless of course you know someone). The overall compensation is definitely above average (assuming the stock isn't plummeting) but you have to be willing to sacrifice your personal life.
Great place to learn the fundamentals of highly distributed/scalable transaction oriented development. Must be young, hungry and kid-free to fully appreciate the experience, it's fast and furious.
getting to work on massive scale, seeing how the whole process works, there really is a lot of ownership given to smart developers and teams, with mostly fairly little oversight. You are surrounded by smart and passionate engineers, for the most part, who have choices and want to be there.
Compensation and work life balance. Location in downtown seattle is nice for commuting. Benefits package is fine for someone who is single but not great if you're married
Great learning experience. Great environment and culture.
career opportunities and room for advancement
Great culture. Smart people. Customer focus.
Because Amazon is not focused on previous experience, it is easy to get hired right out of college. Amazon is an environment where you can easily grow and learn a lot.
The name: working for Amazon is instantly recognizable. Amazon does amazing things for it's customers. You will definately get challenged.
The starting salary is extremely competitive. The hiring pipeline is also extremely efficient, empowering Amazon.com to court and successfully hire some of the smartest professionals out there. Unfortunately, those are the only positive thing I can say about the workplace itself.  Outside of work, when you aren't getting paged up the wazoo by legacy applications no one in the company has any idea about, life is awesome. Seattle is a beautiful city with plenty of culture and no lack of things to do. A nice side effect of working at a place with insanely high turnover and high starting salary is that you end up with tons of young professionals, all new to the same environment and in the same stage of their lives ~ if you're one of them, there are plenty of people to meet and hang out with.
There are lots of varying opportunities, some really smart people, and the problems they are trying to solve are huge.
You learn a lot. You work in small teams where you are an owner of your software. This means that you own everything, from writing the code to testing it to deploying and managing your fleet of machines. Depending on which team you are on, you will end up working with some cool technologies. This includes Amazon Web services (S3, EC2, SQS). You will most likely end up writing large-scale distributed systems.  Like I said before, you will learn a lot. Depending on the team, you will not have support engineers or QA people to help handle operational issues and testing. You have to do everything yourself. This is a good thing, in that it gets you into the startup mindset.
You get to work with fantastic people. The projects, in general are very interesting, and if you are lucky enough to work in PacMed building, you can bring your dog. Once you figure out the culture it can be very rewarding.
Amazon is an excellent place to work if you are driven and enjoy a fast paced and rewarding career with excellent upside potential. I like it how performance is rewarded with increased responsibiliites and stock based awards. The company is truely customer centric and is continuing to strive toward a better customer experience in all aspects.
My peers are bright, highly motivated people that I learn from Have improved project management and Excel skills Competitive compensation package.
Leading the market in innovation and constantly finding ways to bring savings and value to our customers. There are a lot of very bright people here that think out of the box to create value both short and long term. It's exciting to work for a company that truly has unlimited potential both today, and many years down the road. People here are relentless are driving internal cost savings that deliver value to our customers. On the flip side, others are relentless at finding new streams of cash by identifying underserved market segments or identifying completely new segments. It is invigorating being part of a very unique company.
It's just great to be here, a company filled with people with good work ethics
Cool company that offers a great service. Good work/life balance. Good comp.
Learn a lot about the mindset needed to run a business effectively - more than you can learn at most other companies
Good compensation, interesting projects, a lot of opportunities within a company
Good compensation package, millions of customers, some very interesting technologies especially in the area of distributed computing, some interesting talks, AWS teams seem to be the best organized with the highest level of morale
The salary is enough high
In the old days (1995-2002), the people who worked here were incredibly smart, talented, interesting, versatile. I have never worked with a smarter group. Ever. It was like being in an elite college--that level of intelligence, but in a work environment. Very fun and stimulating.
A respected name in e-commerce and one of the most powerful forces in retail. Innovative ideas that enhance the shopping experience (and Amazon's revenue potential) are abundant. Seattle is lovely and the cafeteria burrito bar is one of the best!
You get to 'own' what you work on - no one will come rescue you. So you'd better be on top of things
The office space is amazing. Lots of cubes: rows and rows of cubes. Some windows, some chairs, etc. Some kitchens and sinks if you know where to look.
innovative projects darn smart people everywhere you will learn a lot data is king SDE's rule
You're given a lot of responsibility (depending on the team, of course), which is a good learning experience for someone fresh out of college.  You get a 10% employee discount (okay, I'm running out of good things to say, and I need to get to 100 words-- seriously, if you are ambitious, there just aren't a lot of good reasons for you to stay at Amazon).
WELL KNOWN, STARTUP COMPANY. A PRESTEGOUS IMAGE. EXCELLENT FOOD SERVICE. SEEM TO BE HIRING LOTS OF PEOPLE
Some great people work for the company.
I really appreciate the customer focus.
The people here are good, and the company has accomplished some great things. The interview process is grueling but effective, there aren't very many people here lacking in intelligence.  The management has realized the value of a balanced life, we aren't asked to work extended hours. At least in my group, they're doing their best to keep the unpleasantness of being on call to a minimum.  The mentoring program seems to be pretty good, the principal engineers put on some pretty interesting presentations describing the technologies that they're working with, and technical issues that affect developers.  There are some interesting technical problems to solve at Amazon, so if you're lucky enough to be on a team that's solving them, you will probably be quite happy here.
Amazon.com has endless opportunities, not only for career advancement but for breadth of opportunities. In fact, they have a new shoe and handbag store called endless.com, check it out. Not to mention, amazonfresh.com (grocery delivery), smallparts.com (hardware store for R&D), web services for enterprise clients (target.com, sears.ca, etc.) and just about everything else on amazon.com.
Money, Money, Money, Money, Money
You own your own work
It looks good on a resume. The visibility of the company may allow you to catch the eye of recruiters in the future.
Name recognition. Free candy. Color printer. Coffee comes quickly and often. As it is required for someone to submit a comment that has a minimum of 100 words, a brief sentence to explain what is necessary can be used to do the needful. Run-on sentences comparing unnecessary aspects were popular in previous corporations where once I worked. How at this point can one bring oneself to reflect upon such experiences yet get some complication out of simplicity can boggle one's mind briefly.
If you take advantage of the discounts, you can save a good bit of money. You definitely get recognised for doing good work and you can quickly earn respect throughout the company if you earn it. Comp time is easy to arrange if you have a decent manager.
Amazon is the leading e-commerce company and the best to work for right now.
free drinks and free paarkimg so its good
less work stress at workplace
Ambience, facilities, support and everything is great.
Offers of Great Opportunity and good Benefits
Work/Life harmony Leadership principles really applied day by day Very well designed recruitment and on boarding plans Enough time to learn before start having responsibilities
You get hands on experience
Work from whichever place you want
It's an amazing company for employers.
amazing people good place to work
Great impact. Professional people. Chance to solve complex problems.
Amazing work culture and atmosphere Well organized and helpful supervisors Wonderful infrastructure
Amazing work culture and pristine leadership principles
Amazon has good surroundings to work with, i love the infrastructure and the way they treat everyone is just amazing... Its a great start for the one who is starting their carrier in AMAZON because they have choose the right path. One can grow well in their talent and everything is appreciated here.. The amazing thing is that no dress code and we follow "Be yourself"
1. Work culture is good. 2. Your innovative ideas will be welcomed in any process 3. Growth is certain if you can quantify and achieve a good impact with your ideas 4. Relationship with managers will be crucial for growth. A good manager will ensure that you grow. 5. Learning should never stop. New skill sets are always encouraged. 6. Millions of opportunities if appropriate skills are learnt which will help in improving the performance metrics necessary for growth. 7. Gender diversity is good and no bias observed by me. 8. Good leave policy and no hassle for getting them if you plan them well. 9. Cab facilities available for employees and lower level employees get some amount as transport allowance if not using cabs which is great.
- demanding and challanging culture - meritocracy - smart people all around the place
Challenging problems. Very clear promotion criteria, and plenty of room for growth in a steady manner. You choose your lane.  Decisions are very data-driven, and are usually made for the benefit of the customer.
Good and earns alot a week
Professional environment Multi cultural work area
Amazing tech, exciting and very fast moving,
Amazon has always been a busy and fulfilling place to work, the technical innovation provides employees to a platform to be involved in shaping the future of cloud services. This allows employees insight into the company's core and provides opportunities to continually grow and move roles in sync with their interests.
Work culture, work life balance
- Mobility is encouraged, engineers can switch teams at very high frequency (I will not advice that though, as per me engineers should try a team or role for at least six months) - Deliveries and results are appreciated, executors can grow easily and just verbal claimers cannot survive here - Hands-on career tracks are deep, software engineers can grow all the way up to distinguished engineer e.g. James Gosling
- amazing environment and culture amazon truly believes in striving to ensure customer satisfaction and does not only believe in it they live it. - great place to start a career - great management and staff
Friendly environment, good work culture
High exposure. Great culture. Fast paced.
Amazing pay Good team leaders Free drinks Cheap food
Good working and friendly environment
Great induction program Truly Worldwide Great atmosphere
Great career opportunities, however you have to look for them and be avid for growth. You can grow a lot with the company if you're in the right setting
Very great work culture and environment
Excellent Career opportunities if you have/develop new skills like SAS, MS EXCEL, Photoshop, Video Editing, etc.
Fun time, never get bored because of the activities they conduct, foosball table, table tennis, carrom and pool is even in the cafeteria to get out of stress.
Great benefits including Stocks, Internet, Health Club or Gym
Good team great environment fun loving people great path to learn good career
Its a good work place with lots of opportunities and has friendly culture
Work amongst the best minds in the industry Amazing career growth options Leadership framework and principles - never lets you fail
Fast moving environment, good opportunities
1. Awesome learning curve for new joinees as well experienced person 2. New challenging problems to solve
nice work space nice salary nice bonus
1. Fast learning environment 2. Supportive peers but exhaustive work pressure
Great pay and easy application process
Good experience, A lot to learn.
the still day feeling is amazing
Good salary, cab benefits, meal coupons
Great Working culture, Core Principles, Leadership
Interesting challenges with very motivated and high-caliber individuals.
Great people to work with. Fun at work.
Stock historically has performed well
Great place to start working and grow.
Work from home facility, 5 days week
Lots of benefits, great work environment, schedule flexibility, and people always willing to help , been working here for 2 years and I have no complaints, they are always helping you growing as well
Good colleagues , better work environment , Adequate training provided to execute day to day task at work place.
Interesting Roles Plenty of Progression Opportunities Good Pay Good Work/Life Balance
Great place to work friendly enviorment to process with all work
Good experience, A lot to learn.
Superb place to learn from
You will learn latest technologies, the work quality here is better than other big MNCs.
You're challenged and need to be both physically and emotionally invested in making each shift succeed. If you are competitive, become fully immersed in your work and see what you do day to day as a purpose then this company may be for you
Very Professional Attitude towards work
Great culture in the office
Everything is good.. you can be independent in your work.. No stress
Amazon is a good place to work. Here you'll get a chance to work in complex problems and large scale distributed systems. The work culture will encourage you to experiment and try out new things. Leadership principle are unique and add a lot of value to anyone's personal development.
everyone is very helpful always willing to give you a hand if you need one. Doesn't matter what level they are
Great culture, environment, friendly people
--> Talented co-workers --> flexible work timings --> work from home option --> extra benefits like cab allowance, meal allowance, health-internet-mobile reimursement and a lot more.... --> probably the maximum number of leaves compared to any company.
Diversity of Technology and ease of switching between teams. High standards of software management, security etc. Mammoth Scale.
Work Culture. Great People. Great Peers and workable environment,
Best Work Environment, Achieveable targets
Good place for professional development
Easy to work. Getting paid by Amazon gift cards and getting so many cashback
Overall Very Good Work Culture
work friendly, pleasant work atmosphere
It’s good to work for amazon
Chilled-out environment and flexibility. Good start for a fresher.
Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History
Good company to work for.. Had a good time and learnt a lot
Great place with loads of smart people
Nice place to work very professional
Great experience, Good Environment, Employee friendly policies
Great Work Culture, excellent opportunity to learn, constantly being challenged which makes you think out of the box to resolve unique problems.
very dynamic environment to work
Excellent company is terms of growth and learning. Being a part of mid level leadership team, I know the efforts the company is putting to make the employees feel happy and satisfied with their job.
Very customer and employee focused with excellent training and development resources. Working with team of great professionals and effective communicators.
Good people, environment and projects
Working environment, Good salary, Balanced Life
1) Best Work culture 2) Friendly environment
Best infrastructure, you will always get good vibes when you work with them.
Taking challenge and respected working are mysterious
Flexible policies Helpful work environment.
Amazing culture, data driven, good focus on goals, unparalleled customer obsession
- Impressed with the quality of the people, the place has low tolerance for BS, so colleagues are professional with a good heart eager to grow with and for the customers - amazing growth momentum of AWS means exciting projects that scream innovation, it's a progressive place to be. You learn and re-learn every day.
Great Salary  Great Benefits  Growth opportunities* (read cons)  Free healthcare, union, on-site doctor, popcorn, cafeteria, CR is the most spoiled site worldwide  Great environment  Good parties  Very nice and transparent culture  No Phones (if you're on back office)
Good pay Good food Nice people
Good company always innovating Medical insurance Decent salary Transportation and benefits
Good Quality of Projects. The working environment was very good
Challenging, lots of opportunity, great people
very good environnement ! challenging projects
Best place to have fun and achieve heights
Great Management,Structured,Great people to work with
1) Best Work culture 2) Friendly environment
Best infrastructure, you will always get good vibes when you work with them.
Hard-working. Excellent communication. Take effective feedback and work on it. Patient. Good at time management.
Competitive environment, payment is justified
Good place for freshers, always fun in work, challenging at work. Amazon will pay well and give you all facilities which will beneficial for company point of view. Flexible Work from home option.
Amazon provides equal opportunities to all its employees. Manager never say NO to any idea that you have. You can go higher the ladder with string LP's
Amazing place to work with amazing people. I learnt so much about how to grow an organisation through relentless iteration.
Can be flexible regarding you to taking holiday and time off
Always on the latest technologies, good work environment, like a startup
Am a good time keeper, 8 years experience in deliveries,logistics industry.
Good work culture Rewards for good work
The leadership principles of Amazon build a balance from aspects of making decision and people here can usually benefit from this to make quick and right decision.
4 day work shift, can work day or night shift decent nightly pay
The people work with and the environment are very nice and very international. Many options to develop yourself in many levels.
Earths Most Customer Center Company
Everything is good at amazon
Smart People, Amazing Technology, Strong Customer Demand, Great Working Environment
Culture of innovation Excellent talent Stretch you to give the best
Smart colleagues, Growing organisation, Interesting strategy
Work with very talented people Possibly the best place for learning and development Great benefits package and compensation
Clear Process, Huge business, Best Practices, Good Compensations and Benefits, Lot of Growing Paths and Lot of Events and Training sessions.
New learning everyday, high responsibility from initial point, salary, environment.
Very structured but relaxed Awesome growth possibilities Work with some of the smartest people in the world Opportunities are endless
open mind culture, challenging environment, quick decision, great opportunity to growth: friendly and young environment
Total leaves are 50 thats great
good salary and benefits for employees
Excellent place to work and grow
You will get exposure to new technologies. Work is innovative in most of teams.
Understand and work with distributed software systems Scale is an integral part of the organization be it the software systems or influence that you have on your peers
Always on the latest technologies, good work environment, like a startup
Awesome learning for new joinees as well experienced person New challenging problems to solve
Amazon has amazing principles to help the employee
To experience , learn, encourage, communicate,being part of it
The work environment is pretty cool and anyone will love to work .
Helps to improve CV and gain experience
Fast paced, latest technologies, helpful team
good environment good culture helping seniors which will fab for all. come soon
1. good compensation 2. great office culture 3. many opportunities to grow
good for working and enjoying
Fantastic and very bright colleagues Lots of opportunities for growth Internal Mentor ship program
Opportunities, diversity of work, global presence
every day is very exciting. New projects every day. Colleagues are very smart. Can learn a lot from this job.
cool place keeps you busy nice pay for evenings and you find a wide variety of peopleto work with
Good working environment and some great leaders/talent
Smart People, growth opportunities, innovation options, movements
Loved the work. Friendly people. Good compensation.
they have very good working culture
Nice support during my time here
has innovation and growth opportunities
I’ve worked at Amazon for 2 weeks, and it isn’t what I was expecting from the reviews I have read. To clear some things up....you are of course allowed to go to the toilet whenever you need to, but if you are constantly going then they may ask why, just like any job. Yes it’s tiring, you’re on your feet all day, it is not an office job. Yes you have to walk to the canteen, it takes a few minutes but people leave their work stations a few minutes before their break starts to ensure they get their full allocation of break. You do have to go through a metal detector,, so just make sure you have no metal objects such as keys, coins etc in your pockets or on your clothing and you want get stopped. Yes there is compulsory overtime at Xmas, but they give you plenty of notice when it starts and if there is any problems you can always speak to a manager about your shifts. It is boring some days as you may just be packing or picking, but the day does go quick and to be honest I get paid more at amazon for packing boxes then I did in a call centre & I don’t get shouted at by rude customers. The managers are really helpful, so are HR . It really isn’t as bad as people make out, as long as you are prepared to work hard be be on your feet. So here are some tips: Drink plenty of water throughout the day On every break have something to eat Wear comfortable clothing and shoes Get plenty of sleep every night and you will be fine!
good,awesome ,friendly ,f un, entertainment, outings
Good benefits, discounts, quick career progress
Learning curve is great especially when beginning your career
Good place for a starter to join
Learning is great and fast paced environment Ownership
Learning is great and fast paced environment Ownership
Work culture is great and great opportunity in terms of sales.
Healthy thinking helps build appropriate environment to work.
Being data/fact driven, Amazon provides a lot of opportunities working with huge Data volume. Technical centric and growth oriented culture. Huge emphasis on working backwards. Freedom to work in your own way in terms of timings, estimates, etc.
Good name in Market, Benefits
Good Emplpoyee benifits and best work culture
- very analytical - cutting edge technology - best place to learn operations and supply chain - very quick decision making - good brand
Great environment, great place to work and AMAZING opportunities.
Amazing culture and leadership principles. I believe they must have carved out this principles from Scout and Soldiers analogy. I get to work with best minds in the world - What else is more satisfying
work place, culture, management, benefits
good work environment and salary
Good Workplace Environment for Employees
Good work culture , food for brain
Good working environment. Friendly staff. Fast growth.
Good place to work Helpful work envirnoment
One of the best companies to work
Culture, learning, benefits, work/life balance
Great place to work, Company wise the commitment with the employees is showed since day one.
The Best Company compared with all the others in my experience Chances to Growth VCS its the future Spend more time with my my family More than worker care its worker love
A lot of benefits (gifts, transportation, hundreds of opportunities over the world, options to travel, a lot of growing, learning experience (programs to develop yourself as a leader), you are a direct employee of the company, fun activities, and more). - You have a different line of businesses where you can develop yourself. - Employment stability. - We are making history. - A lot of positions offer Work From Home. - Awesome work environment. - I have been in Amazon Selling Partner Support for over 2 years and I can tell that this is the best company to work!!  I feel proud to be an Amazonian, would you like to be one? If yes, apply for a position now!  Regards,
1) Great working environment. less work pressure. 2) Flexible work hours 3) Lots of learning, progressing opportunities 4) Energetic colleagues 5) supports Multiculturalism 6) Work / life balance
communication is good increases the experience
Great benefits, enjoyable workplace culture, good level of responsibility
Good co-workers, opportunities for high impact work. Shares are good.
In Process associate profile, the perk are good, they provide cab and sodexo coupons. Mostly everyone is young in the team so there's good coordination.
Global Company, Innovative Company, Top industry
Great variety of work experience. 1 year here is probably equal to 2 years elsewhere due to the project work, metric deep diving, and the headcount reporting to you. Currently I have 200+ associated reporting to me.
Ambitious organisation and peers Smart and kind colleagues Wealth of training, learning resources and learning experiences Interesting engineering culture, very customer centric
Leave policy, transport allowance, friendly work environment, activities on floor,good training plan
desirable to prove our skills
Good work culture in amazon
Work environment Treating every employee equally Being a fresher you can start your career here
Nice work Culture Growth No work pressure
Autonomy, responsibility, working with the best. Always focus on the customer.
Good if u go in a tech back
Great teams Great vision Greak Work life balance Good salary package Good growth opportunities Great career goals
A place where we can exhibit ownership and pick up work that interests us.
The work culture, office insides, your boss will only want you to get ur work done nd then you can do whatever you feel like
Culture Empowered to Thing out of the box Great colleagues
1. Great work environment. 2. Good work life balance as you can do work from home without hesitations. 3. Intelligent folks around to work with. 4. To many technologies to explore and make your career.
Gets recognition for reaching every milestone.
Learn and grow a lot.
I can not imagine working for any other company right now. At Amazon one is given all the freedom to decide what one wants to work at. At Amazon one is surrounded by very smart and ambitious people, but without loosing the human touch.
Freedom and ownership whatever the task Lots of responsibilities in early stages of career Very talented and motivated colleagues (mostly overachievers) Room for improvement and inventions at everyday basis No micromanagement (very horizontal structure) Flexible working hours
Amazon's team environment Supportive team good benefits
Environment, Carrier Development, Challenging, Good Managment
As it is the leading company...there are very gud oppurtunities for freshers and environment is just awesome
Excellent Company to work for
pay is not that great
Challenging and exciting work Great colleagues to work with Great learning Fantastic Culture
Nice pay and allowances and also good workplace culture.
Nice and spacious office ambient to work
Friendly work environment, appraisal for work. There are various awards and gift cards distributed to associates for their exceptional service.
Great environment, positive management and peers.
Wonderful work culture for fresher
Amazon is one of the most exciting companies to work at. The growth rate and bread of the business mean that the atmosphere is great and everyone has a real sense of pride in what we do. The work is interesting and challenging, there is a focus on employees learning and development and this is an extremely progressive company to work at.  * Easy to move internally to gain a breadth of experience * Easy to move internationally * Exciting projects to work on * A high bar of talent * Diverse employees and good track record on diversity and equality * Exceptional offices * Great Christmas and Summer parties * Good pay as long as the share price is moving upwards
Independence of decision making Embedding the leadership principles at every step Beautiful workplace Large & Diverse teams Package Opportunities Work flexibility Well Organized teams Pretty fast paced environment
Friendly culture, Friendly managers, work in a college like environment
- Competitive culture - Good leeway to work your way
Great work place and environment
Friendly management, zero pressure, lot of opportunities to grow
Challenging and exciting work Great colleagues to work with Great learning Fantastic Culture
work culture really cool for employees to be stress free.
Good pay.. Good management.. Get lot to learn
Good people good company good
Awesome and friendly work culture
Great company and talented colleagues
You can take your ideas to the next level if they are good no matter which level you are at.
Good company and high stock value
High-risk taking environment, Good ideology, very smart people guiding the company at top leadership
Good place to work at. Lots to learn, develop and grow. Company offers decent medical insurance policy.
just mind blowing org. very employee friendly... manager who is three levels above u also will talk to u in a very humble way.in terms of benefits and salaries, all are great.
Some of the best, smartest and humble minds at work, with reasonably good salary. If you get a good manager, who can help you in your ambition, your career is set!
Great environment to work and also gives the possibility to grow as a professional. Lot of benefits
Many career opportunities, you can switch roles as you progress
In Amazon, our hard work gets recognized. We feel like we're an important part of the company and more than just an employee.
Good environment. Helpful colleagues. Hard work recognition.
Brand Name, internal opportunities and employee benefits
work-life balance, salary, job flexibility, culture
Good Management Good Employee Buy in for H&S
1. Good training period 2. Work environment is awesome. 3. Good support from seniors
You are part of an Ocean with abundant opportunities, provided you are able to make use of it.
above minimum wage. Ideal for university students during the summer. employment process is very quick and easy. no previous experienced required
Nothing to learn but new process
Lot of outings and freebies often.
Good Company The shift will Change every 3 months Meal coupon - Rs 1100 Free Transport Night Shift allowance Great working environment Work from Home for few teams  Annual appraisal assured for Best performers No micromanagement
You're leaning so much about state-of-the-art modern retail system and software development process.
Good benefits (medical, stocks, wfh, etc)
The work culture and the pay is very good.
Work-life balance, Talented people, good work culture, obsessed with the customer, a good place to learn a lot.
Work life balance Great work culture
Great environment, cooperative management, you will get to Play on the floor.
Good growth. Your salary in your hands. They have best environment. Understands your problems and help you every time.
Good job, flexible pay with options of over time.
Good pay and reasonable breaks
Work Life balance, Overtime payouts, Job flexibility
flexible work, no real people manager
Complete Control Over Career. Greater Responsibility beyond job description. Acquire greater recognition for accomplishments. Acquire significant exposure to new practice areas. Flexibility.
Amazon has flexible schedules, work environment is super fun and they really care about you. They really pay for your job. If you have the opportunity don't doubt it and come over here, you will love it. Growing opportunities are reachable and they recognize your effort and hard work.
Amazon Web Services is as all Amazon Subsidiaries a truly customer obsessed company that builds business relationships to last for decades. Never before I was with an employer that puts the customer in the middle of everything they do in such a consequent and sustained way. AWS hires the best and smartes people so they can give their employees power to run business and think on their own.
Pays well, fast progression. No dress code.
Culture, Employee engagement, Casual dress code, IJP's.
New challenge comes every day Learning new things Flexible timing
Good work culture and environment, young crowd, so much to learn, good principles and some amazing mangers to work with
Flexible work timings, Good work, good team and competitive spirit to work with them. Amazon cares a lot for you and their employees, Always gives excellent services.
Have the possibility to work with very professional and smart people from all around the world. Solve complex logistics issue that very few companies could face. Unlimited possibility to expand your career
Good work culture Work life balance
Amazing Customer First mentality - Frugal on ourselves to invest in what our customers would want instead Stock based compensation truly reflects a business owner mentality Everybody is generally friendly and wants to succeed as a business
Challenging environment with smart people with opportunities to learn new things and be customer obsessed
Everything from administration to subordinates everything is as per expectations
It has one of the best work culture in INDIA. Flexibility in work time and leaves. Work-Life balance is good
pays great and benefits
One of top 6 companies
Awesome work new work everyday
Good work environment Good work life balance
Great org to work ,pay is excellent
Brightest people, very strong culture
Flexible working hours, good working environment
good work culture higher level ICs easily approachable
Nice people. Easy to move within the company.
Leaders who are ready to teach you
Good pay, small teams, helpful managers
Very fast working environment, great company. In amazon is always day 1 and u can learn a lot about the company, there is a lot of positions suitable for everyone. U can also travel abroad and apply for a position.
Potential for growth opportunity Good working environment
Awesome work new work everyday
Good work environment Good work life balance
Nice people. Easy to move within the company.
* A great exposure where we can learn tons & tons * We can equip ourselves as per the different principles
Simplified Training process, Easy to connect with cross functional teams
Great place to work at, a lot of fun.
Good work life balance Less Pressure
Good Employment benefits and great working Environment
Overtime structure is quite good .
good environment and friendly workplace
PTO Paid time off can be taken at any moment without notice up to 20 hours per year. Stock match up to $100 per pay. On site "grocery store" (cafeteria reasonable prices apx. $10 for a lunch, sandwich drink chips) 4 10 hours shifts. 3 day weekends. Safety bonus up to $1000 per quarter. Raise every 6 months ($0.50) ever employee makes the same wages (Equality) Very open communication (24hour HR)
amazing atmosphere and very positive managers
Decent pay Benefits I don’t have anything else
Overall a good place to work and meet new people
It good specially if you don't have any job
Flexibility (starring time) Amazing facilities
good atmosphere friendly h insurance vouchers other benefits
Management is really interested in finding a balance between business and employees needs. Growing opportunities are readily available by talking to the Supervisor/Manager and maintaining the highest standards while performing the daily tasks.
Environment, people, culture and life balance
A very rewarding employee environment.
I consider myself lucky working in Amazon. In my previous job was not recognized by all my efforts, however, here any project I do is noticed by everybody.  Also, all people I have met in Amazon has been very trustful, and the open-door policy is very evident.  You really feel that you are working hard, make history and having fun, all days.
1. Very experienced team to work with 2. Diversified learning
Highly paid , no dress code policy , swaps available
- Colleagues are great and friendly. - The benefits is great but I haven't use it yet. - You get the chance to use PTO (Personal Time Off) anytime without permission. - Discount on Amazon (though it have limit once a year. Like how cheap do you have to be??) - Three days off
good working atmosphere and friendly
--You get to work with the best minds in the world. --Innovation Innovation Innovation --Good employee benefits and stock which is skyrocketing.
Better Opportunities with good environment, convenience of learning new techniques are more in the organization, people here are encouraging each others to grow further.
Good Pay, can learn a lot
- challenging - interesting work
Good benefits, great colleagues. Opportunity to learn.
Nice place to work and the management is quite good.
Consumer is the center of every discussion
Ample opportunities Challenging environment Fast career growth
Good Place to work where you can work on your own and co-workers are quite friendly and helpful. You don't have the feeling the corporate feeling it's quite like open culture. You can approach anybody quite freely be it someone quite higher the hierarchy. Career growth as abundant but you need to hit at the right moment. Strict 8 hours of work only.
Great work environment Access to Linda which is a great website to study from.
Great company with great values
Good Pay, can learn a lot
Environment to work, gain relevant experience
Diversity, international oportunities , cooperation, workplace, facilities
Ok work place, enjoyed it
amazing benefits great workplace environment. great money
- challenging - interesting work
Best work culture Good environment Friendly Managers Employer's Benefits
Nothing really, they did not comply with what was promised in the contract.
Lots to learn, good in level growth (but promotions can be more challenging), interesting work, great scale and impact, Good compensation if the stock goes up, 6 weeks parental leave
Amazon is continuing to create many innovative services everyday. Employees have culture that they change their success case to structure for others.
- Work with lots of bright driver people - On the cutting edge of retail experience - Plenty of responsibility given from the offset - Lot's of opportunities to take part in projects all across the business - great benefits and share options
Great work culture and atmosphere. Fast paced environment and benefits
Excellent work environment,It's a company that gives a good start for freshers
the benefits provided are fine
home office, lots of flexibility, overtime is given back, sabbaticals, getting time off for personal stuff,
Challenging Good salary Great people Nice building
This company keeps you challenging with a right rules placed from top down.
Best place to work at
Nothing just the name Amazon
Good work culture, lot less pressure compared to competitors, cab facilities are good.
Good work culture, lot less pressure compared to competitors, cab facilities are good.
Fast-paced, opportunity to work with extremely talented and driven individuals, and lead huge teams and ability to make an impact on a daily basis be it people, process or projects.
Very supportive seniors And work atmosphere
1. you are surrounded by most talented people in which ever domain you work in   2. Good Pay   3. flexibility to move around different functions and teams   4. Allowed to make decisions   5. Given a free hand to work in own style
Extremely fast moving, quick decision making,
Great place and flexible working hours
Good skill development possibility, good training and ownership
Good work culture. Postive enviornment
During the recruitment process, I was surprised on how friendly and people focused the company was. I felt right at home and treated with the utmost respect and interest. After being through the somewhat peculiar (and very exhaustive) recruiting process I am more than pleased to see that this has continued on "the inside". AWS is a very humane and people centric company. They are customer obsessed in the true meaning of the word, it's not just a slogan. The mind the competition, but they don't obsess about them. It's all about doing right by the customer. The company culture is very much alive and they strive for excellence while maintaining the ability to serve customers by being agile and forthcoming. Development opportunities within the company are huge. You are expected to move around, share your expertise, dive into new areas, and grow as an individual and a contributor to future success. There seems to be no end to the possibilities.  I would really recommend to look for a job with AWS if you want to be at the forefront of technology, are customer obsessed, while maintaining a good work life balance. It's a place where I can feel good about the work I do.
Good pay and Flexibility Wonderful idea by Jeff
* Good incentive * Good allowances (overtime / night shifts / travel / relocation ) * Fast paced * Great work environment
Nice work culture Decent Salary
Work alongside some of the greatest minds of the industry, pioneer mass-impact innovations.
Very supportive seniors And work atmosphere
Work life balance Great place to work
This is the best company to work with
Chance to work with great people. Good work-life balance.
Multicultural environment, but beware it can backfire on you!
.zeta . cab .leaves . good office infrastructure . no formal attire
Customer obsession. That's about it.
Good pay and Flexibility Wonderful idea by Jeff
Competitive compensation, many growth opportunities, relocation options, diversity and variety of products
Base salary, growth of the company, technology, stock rewards.
Good opportunity to work with Amazon, competitive package, WFH on need basis
Amazon has best workplace for freshers and expirenced, good support from seniors and no work pressure. There is no formal being culture, everyone here is friendly and cooperative. On time salary credit and good perks. Quick promotion or growth opportunities.
Great ambiance and teammates, friendly management, salary above the average in Bratislava
I would Working at Amazon for the Work Culture they have and They have challenging work every day
Very good atmosphere and work environment, amazing people.
Pays very well, nice office locations.
Just the name of the company.
Transportation Acceptable Salary Good stability Grow opportunities Inclusive workplace
Great Working environment Tons of growing opportunities Steady company growth Competitive compensations Always changing in innovating ways
Great smart team, challenging work, allows for mistakes
Ethic company, lots of perks, and very intense!
Best place to work here
- Smart and motivated co-workers. - A lot of opportunities.
Amazon continuously improve to be more customer obsessed each day. Data and metrics are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure we're focusing on the right things. Better yet, in Fulfillment Technologies, the impact of the work directly affects how packages get delivered to our retail customers. If you want to solve complex problems optimized for world wide scale then this is the place to work.
Great customer focus, little internal overhead, lots of flexibility in how, when and where I do my job - but you work a lot, as in any other high-tech shop nowadays. Constantly encouraged to take trainings, online or classroom, all paid, anywhere. It's like a MBA in cloud working here.
Good career growth and expanding company
great for making couple more quids trough summer
great for making couple more quids trough summer
Scope for learning was abundant
Good working environment & Salary
Culture, Leadership Principles, Opportunities, Growth, Learning
Great culture and values. Excellent training
flexibility, obedience, accountability, leadership, culture
I love this job very very
Paid Time Off and Free Coffee.
The work is not hard, great bunch of people who are passionate in the store they work. Good management, plenty of breaks. Discount card.
Freedom to wear anything and a friendly environment
Clear perspective of human rights. I have never over-worked for irrational reasons. And the environment is fair and not discriminating compared to normal Japanese companies' attitude to handicapped employees.
Great people around you, wonderful benefits, career opportunities everywhere. Beer taps on every floor.
Lot of innovations are happening here in daily basis. Less work pressure.
1. Awesome ambience 2. Career goals can be defined 3. Recognition is appropriate 4. Great employee benefits
Innovative projects, lot of opportunities, trusted responsibilities, easy access to leadership, great peoples.
Whiteboard posted so that employees can write down suggestions and see managements response.
Good pay and prompt payment
Environment Friendly, Fantastic Culture and the Most Important Amazon gives a liberal time for Personal life, which is not there in any other Corporate company.
Great company to work with. New challenges daily. This is for people who love to face challenges every day.
Good Benefits. Nice office. Nice people
Can work proactively to deliver result.
This is a fantastic employer with transparent avenues to ascend in the business, in other words plenty of opportunity to thrive and be successful.
Great work culture and ambience
- Opportunity to work with super smart people - Challenging and interesting problems that push your limits - Pay is above average in the e-commerce / retail industry - (Depending on when you join) RSU compensation can make a big difference
There are a lot of pros for this company, one of them being the work culture existing in here. The work culture is excellent, and is really supportive. When you got a problem, there are a lot of people who are ready to help you. The management comes up with new schemes and program mes that encourages new and tenured employees equally to perform and flourish inside the organization.
-Work Culture -Fun activities 24/7/365 -Employee Centric -Good Pay -Recognition -Independence -Respect -Transparent growth opportunity -No politics -Leaders -Understanding
it is a Good learning experience
4 days working and 3 days off in a wee.
Maximum job flexibility and challenging environment
Multiple opportunities to earn during PEAK
i feel like second family here
Company is amazing until you have your managers favor.
best company I have worked. environment is awesome.
Very good support and infrastructure, motivating environment
Culture, Work Style, Hierarchy, HRBP, Pay Hike
Good work environment and good training
Best Culture to work in. Good employee engagement
Lots to learn Opportunities to grow in any vertical
Good and open work culture Freedom to explore and implement
the pay was ok for the job
good environment to work at
Good pay, great benefits, 4 days a week
Product based company allows to learn many things with out time constraints. Technical growth is way better than service based companies
Larger company with good teammeber foster the communication and interpersonal skills
Very supportive Managers and Supervisors
They pay well and their brand name is solid. If you manage to get a desk job you will manage to have a somewhat acceptable work-life balance
Benefits and flexibility a we so me
Good brand name for the company Excellent work life balance
Lots of Opportunities Fantastic Direct Manager
Good Salary, higher than average
A kind of decent salary
You get a salary and a desk. Suits someone with low expectations of life.
Good payscale with great employee benefit.
I love company, good working experience
Good working environment,good facilities.One can see the growth.
High business values, strong leadership principles, ability to identify and hire the best talent.
If I could only think of something
35 % discount on Amazon products online
Friendly Environment, Infrastructure, Perks, Incentives
Training given by experienced and professional trainers. Full support of managers. Great work environment.
It gives you the freedom to work efficiently
Flexible workplace, good parental leave package, great teammates
The best of working for Amazon is the high salaries. Amazon is a company with a great Software Infrastructure, outstanding I would say in term of potential growth, as software engineer that is a good challenge to get a good picture of how everything works, but after few months once you get used to for that your working days become repetitive, day after day just sending email, writing docs and reviewing other people docs.  Mostly everyone working in Amazon is very qualified and clever, but in the flip side most of them lack of professional experience out of Amazon, that comes down to developers who does not have real experience in software development just on amazon development which is not necessarily the same as Amazon provides very particular and unique way to work.
Great company, flexible work hours, lots of things you can do and implement, never a boring day.
Amazing atmosphere, Great to wok
- Great team - Good benefits - Strong leadership - Clear strategy - Free hands for own work
It's an international company n in top position in our country
Some of the managers are good, but the new hiring is bad, they cannot handle anything, this is why customer service is being affected recently
Flexible Timings Work from Home Options Cool Place to Work
Good job don't mind it whatever
Very good atmosphere to work in. Very efficient management and smooth workflow
The culture in the USA! Open hierarchy!
Friendly Environment, Infrastructure, Perks, Incentives
Fast pace work environment. Opportunity for growth.
Minimum work pressure, Leaves policies
Many ways to develop your career. Good place to work.
No dress code, good work environment, good crowd, good growth opportunities if you are focused and dedicated, lot of opportunities to move within teams/ departments within Amazon, good salary.
to work in amazon it was my dream
Work culture is amazing. Flexibility of timing and interesting work, also this field actually is the combination of coding, data analysis and tools, so it helps you to choose your interest and further career options.
Amazon has a culture focused on the customer. This focus, combined with being completely data-driven, means that we are always working on the most impactful projects and features.  Moreover, this culture allows every employee, independently of the level and position in the org, to promote their ideas and see them delivered in production, as long as you can prove your point with data.  Each manager is instructed to think about the growth of the people reporting to them, beyond their own team. Amazon employees can easily pursue growth opportunities, changing team, org, job family, and country: all without having to change company.  Undoubtedly, the best company I have been working for.
Good salary, you can learn a lot about processes in big companies
Best salary benefits food coupons night shift allowance
Very professional, Good work and life balance, good package and very friendly working environment
- flexible hours - big challenges - smart teams and colleagues - opportunities to grow and move between teams
Flexibility to do work from home
Good compensation, Brand name, Exposure to AWS tech.
Amazing place to work with life balance
World best company and be a one of part me
Job timing good. salary very well.employies behaviour good .Amazon is trusted brand.
Amazing smart people who are focused on delivering a great experience for our clients and customers. Strong leaders with inspiring vision on direction of the business. It's great to be a company that truly lives by it's Leadership Principles on a daily basis as opposed to others where these are just used to hire and evaluate once a year.
1.good working environment 2.work life balance 3.timely salery 4.any maters can be spoken with manager of any issue
If you give me this job so its very helpful for me
More opportunities to advance. Develops leadership skills
Without much work you'll get a decent pay
You learn a lot every day Great team spirit Drive to improve all the time Flexible work from home policy
Good work culture,Always something new to learning
Good pay! Motivation Learning and Development
No pressure if you are working fine
It is really great experience to work in such a awesome company. You will get a team outing and party in every three months. Most importantly this company has transparency .
Really good office, good pay, lots of flexibility, smart people to work with & interesting work (atleast for freshers).
Really good office, good pay, lots of flexibility, smart people to work with & interesting work (atleast for freshers).
I need platform to prove my talent
Great work environment, open culture
Non professionnal Managers ,They are afraid of skilled associates
Pay and benefits are great. Very tailored to making sure we are happy. Company growth rate and how its always changing gets you excited to see the future of the company. Training programs and support. The vibe and colours in work spaces.
Work Culture Employee benefits knowledge Culture exchange Compensation .
- Work enviorment and culture - Work/Life Balance
Met some skilled people there
If you want to learn more about Cloud technologies, this would be the best place to learn so much so quickly.
Great staff very well organized, the break rooms are always a dope thing.
- really cool environment - lot's of fun doing the work - lots of travelling - technical freedom - career progress
Nice work-life balance, environment is precious
great work culture here in amazon
You get accustomed to change You have a lot of opportunities to learn new things You can move in between departments You get company shares You are free to work on projects which interest you (at your own time expense though) Numbers measure the quality of your decisions in most jobs
Paid weekly, overtime pay is good
Great for someone that wants to get experience of working for a global organisation
will get hands on experience on cutting edge technologies.
Hard work, have fun, learn a lot
cool job and coll people
10 hours No extra for work on weekends
Culture, flexibility, technology, people
Very comfortable, good work environment
challenging environment. Awesome work culture and facilities.
Good Salary, shares, nice projects
Good pay A lot of work available
flexible ,Good salary ,amazing culture
Flexible work timings, overtime pay
overall better and it can be imoroved
- competitive salary - competitive salary - competitive salary
Flexible shift timing and perks
Very good working environment with good culture.
Work for good pay, holiday
Best benefits and fast paced company
Work environment.. Salary is best in industry
Good salary And good benefits
good to work at amazon
Few extra time, every extra minute was paid.
Good pay A lot of work available
Huge growth opportunities and working with colleagues from all kinds of backgrounds and expertise.
Great learning experience. You cannot get away with mediocrity which in turn it helps you grow. There are enough enablers in the organization - your manager, peers - to help you learn and grow with the organization.
Great learning experience. You cannot get away with mediocrity which in turn it helps you grow. There are enough enablers in the organization - your manager, peers - to help you learn and grow with the organization.
Best company to work in
Really genuinely invested in their employees. Everyone is really smart, I often feel a bit like an impostor :) The teams are really welcoming and supportive.  The interview was one of the most amazing experiences professionally. It took lots of preparation but all of it was worth it.
Nice working environment. Competitive salary
Amazon is a fast growing global top 2 big company. A lot of reason to drive a huge company to growing fast. I'm learning everyday to be on pace.
Awesome benefits for company leave policy are good
the wages were good
As long as you do your job your fine
benefits and balance life internal transfer opportunities.
The work culture is great. Leadership principles are the backbone of the company and every leader across the company focuses on inculcating and applying them.
Less work load , High pay , various growth options
Work culture is amazing and employee friendly
Great atmosphere to work Work life balance
Incentive zeta transport leaves shift
World best company and Still Day 1
Ok for making extra money
Good Pay considering stocks Work Life Balance
Good company to work with
Good working space nice friendly people
Enjoy Work, Work Hard, Stress Free, Have Fun, Make History, Work/Life Balance
Good work atmosphere Flexible leave policy
Nice environment and good start for freshers
It is amazing the freedom you have in the company. This might be good or bad but I get constant support from my peers and that helps me steer on the right direction.
Great Culture, Innovative, Growth and Learning.
1. High pay compared to Market 2. Job security 3. Flexible to Work 4. Accountability 5. Dive Deep 6. Customer Obsession is too high 7. Working backwards to fix the root cause and ensure that the issue doesn't occur in future for the same. 8. Promotion process is too good and challenging. 9. Equal opportunity 10. Trust on Employee
Good work culture Right Salary structure Learning is huge Facilities and Infrastructure
It is very nice app... You can trust this app and buy product
Good to work with this company
A lot of talented and motivated people Strict code quality guidelines Has some of the best data security practices as part of developing every piece of software Opportunity to take your career growth into your own hands and shine
excellent work ambiance and teammates.
Good exposure and variety of work. A lot to learn. Opportunities to move around internally.
Good place to work in a short run
Flexible and less work pressure
Fun. Flexible work timings
Good attitude and displane time mentioned of employees.
Lots of interesting projects to work on. Lots of opportunities for career growth and to learn new things
Good Work culture and better understanding of retail operations
Great experience and salary. Especially for new graduates. Lots of responsibility and autonomy from day 1. Work is constantly varied and you learn a huge range of skills. Great opportunities to progress and move within the business.
If I say in simple words, You have your own space to work even if you have hell lot of work.
Good Package, Excellent Culture and Environment
Good attitude and displane time mentioned of employees.
- good infrastructure, facilities. - Engagement activities keep taking place.
* High hiring bar = super-smart colleagues * Broad range of projects across disparate domains, allowing for new challenges without moving company * No ivory towers: everyone shares their knowledge, and anyone can challenge anyone else's proposals regardless of level or experience * Plenty of career opportunities: role shifts encouraged & SDE progression does not mean management (although I chose to!) * Competitive salary, benefits & RSUs
Great team, decent salary and helping customers
Great work culture for every fresher
Company should be good in market where I can make my carrier
okay just started don't really have much to say to early
Good location and cool offices. Plenty of space, ping pong, xbox, etc Possibility to meet people from many countries and make new friends. Occasional home office in some departments. If counting with the right experience, easy internal transfer between countries aswell. Good to have on CV and for fresh graduates is a good opportunity to gain valuable experience.
Pays better good work nature
Good growth Work culture is modern
Nice work culture,amazing benefits and all together best place to work.
Work culture is simply awesome
work life balance more money for what you do
The working environment is very cool employee friendly .
Pay is comparatively high and performance bonus are attractive.
the company's total compensation is competitive
Good job and free and verry intresting job
no dress code , nice environment
Because this is a biggest company
Pay- nothing more than this.
Good pay for a warehouse job
Good environment to work. Great infrastructure . Good salary package .
1. Accountability 2. Ownership 3. Value to your hard work 4. Competitive Salary some time best in class 5. Data Driven (say with data people will endorse your ideas)
Only facilities is the pro
At Amazon you live and breath the leadership principles and this creates a supportive and innovative culture where every day is always Day 1. You never really realize how many different jobs are available until you are in the company and you are encouraged to grow and develop by swapping roles.
It's helpful to people someone telling us.
Can earn good sum of money
Talented engineers, new technologies, international environment
workload, shift hrs is not suitable
Colleagues, salary, your boss(most of the bosses are good). Your boss understands your problems and if failed in something, they will support you. Not like the other companies where they screw u up for small things.
Leading E commerce industry, Treats Employee better
Free coffee at break, good work environment and chance to grow with company.
Thus company is excellent for professional and personal growth The people is friendly You have owner projects You have the possible for automatize you work
Good place to work. Peaceful environment.
I've worked with some of the smartest people I've ever meet and from them I learnt a lot of new stuff.
Flexible, constant stream of new challenges, management genuinely respectful towards low-level associates, rewards hard work.
Great company to work for. Excellent growth opportunities within the company.
Company Mission Leadership Principles Internal Job Transfer program
Work culture , Salary ,Cab facility , Wfh
Lots of opportunity Growing business Great team of people Good management You own your own business The business trusts its employees to make the right decisions
The culture is too good , superb facilities, cabs are extraordinary.
Best environment Good people I likeit Awesome Mast hai
Ambience is great Good Managers Food is Good in the cafeteria
Good working environment. They encourage your professional development.
good standard and can make good friends
Talented engineers, new technologies, international environment
Opportunities are all over the company
One of the best company to work with.
No work pressure.Nice work environment
culture, fast pace, learning
Working culture. Salary structure Advanced technologies Great ceo
Friendly environment with ua fellow mates but with higher officials it’s a bit abyss
The best reason is that Amazon is the most popular and I have also dream to work here so I have thought my dream may be work here als
Flexible shift pattern, good rate of pay
Best place to work
- A lot of opportunity to work on interesting projects that have a material impact - Work with very high quality people from around the world - Learn from the best, access to global subject matter experts - Competitive Pay - Depending on the role, travel across EU and to the US - Fast pace, a great place to develop and grow quickly - Leadership principles are taken seriously, this is a company with a grand vision and mission and folks are generally in step with that vision - You can pitch as many innovative ideas as you want - Data Driven, attempts to be meritocracy
Very comfortable place with good colleagues and surrounding.
* Workplace that necessitates and rewards continuous learning, exploring and thinking out of the box * Great Compensation compared to industry standards * Opprotunity to move to any team in anywhere in the world (of course where Amazon has a presence)
Highly innovative people/team. Even though I joined as an experienced Automation Engineer, I still found out that there's more to learn as there are always positive challenges on your way. As an Engineer you'll get to improve/sharpen your overall skill sets, your confidence is not only regained but well built up again. I will always encourage and recommend people to this great company.
The work culture is really great. If you are innovative and take ownership of the tasks, you can go a long way.
- Very productive working environment - Great team work - Interesting and challenging projects to work on - Flexible working hours - Employees are well supported by management - Employee ideas are supported and encouraged
Responsibility includes a lot of knowledge on systems end to end. From requirement gathering till deployment and maintenance. This gives complete understanding of a software life cycle. As SDE's are the ones who architect the systems not just code, it gives complete motivation and long careers. If you are a geek, you will enjoy the stuff you do at Amazon.
Amazon is the place where you can work hard, have fun and make history. Every day you interact with many customers solving different issues, customer obsession is one of the leadership principle of Amazon.
Friendly environment/work place, Huge expose to new technology, Learning new skills, Good salary
Amazon provide us a wonderful work environment for employees and there is no much stress and target. friendly
Very well known brand Busy environment - Energetic Continue to expand in all regions
Career growth opportunities Diverse environment Work is oriented entirely on goals International environment access to traveling and conferences abroad. Competitive Salary
Learning, Freedom to try new stuff, work with great leaders, good money
You will get to see lot of benefits in terms of  Benefits Facilities Etc. Things work pretty fast at Amazon, everybody will be on their toes and you will see most them happy most of the time which is a good sign
The work culture and environment also the fun activities.
Well known company, access to millions products
Amazon worries to have the right people in the right place, pays for every kind of training you will need to have.
Amazing growth , fast paced environment, challenging work
Very good company to work
You get can,food for free and good ambiance
Free drinks, paid 30 min break
Options to try different roles
Works on cutting edge technology
Good flexibility and smart people
good work life balance. flexible working hours. nice working environment, fun activities during busy seasons, dress casual everyday.
1. Good learning environment. 2. Good stock benefits.
- pay increase from 1st November ‘18 - set working days - benefits - communication - organisation - good for weight loss and exercise! (Expect lots of walking for some roles) - HR really try to engage with people and create a fun working environment - flexi time - on your days off you’ll feel like you’ve got your life back! - weekly pay
Interesting work. Great people. Good pay. Growing firm.
Innovation, Think Big, work in an independent way
Great company to start your career.
Good work here and nice encouragement
Here in amazon we have lot of growth and the management is very helpful in every aspect and the Hr management is also good.
Very Good atmosphere,very friendly managers,lots of perks,decent salary,cab facilities.
Amazon is built on a set of principles, and any defense can be put forth on the basis of those principles
Free drinks, paid 30 min break
Amazon's Leadership principles are how Amazonians live and breathe everyday -- this gives all Amazon employees a common framework to work against, challenge each other against, and use to drive innovation at scale. I've found Amazon's ability to grant autonomy for its employees to act as owners, collaborating quickly and across teams to make decisions on behalf of its customers an incredibly rewarding and mentally challenging (in a good way) place to work. In particular I've really appreciated the speed at which my role at Amazon has evolved -- I began working on one specific business, within 6 months I was working on launches in new countries, and within 12 months that had continued to expand such that I was leading global strategy and rollout
the pay is good, you get to work with smart people, some projects are really interesting
Good work place to start career
work life balance , work from home , caring towards employees, benefits are awesome
good for begineers a bit long hours
High total compensation Large scale, challenging problems Ability to make a huge impact Talented peers
Open culture, good peers to work with
I am self employed and I work on days that fit me.
There are no amazon saller and i want to creat amazon And grow this area
Workplace. Environment... Culture. Leaves people
The best place to work! The culture is simply brilliant and the management is responsive to all of the employee's needs.
Shares. Colleagues. The offer. The are worse places.
Excellent Environment and very good work life balance and a good pay master
Flat hierarchy You only work 4 days a week Great people Very well paid Great benefits
Excellent company and employee centric. Talented people will grow.
Friendly Environment with your space for innovation and development . Managers are really cool and help you a lot in times of need.
Nice to work here Management is understanding
You are assigned your own project. High level of autonomy, steep learning curve and wonderful people to learn from
Great staff, Good benefits, Decent people and no work politics.
Awesome work life balance and culture.
Awesome work life balance and culture.
great environment to work, team support
Culture is key, and as an employee I feel valued by my company and management. People are very helpful. Just, a great place to work!!
Excellent customer obsession and long term thinking. Very data based and process driven company with superbly articulated leadership principles. The culture is best encapsulated by"Work hard, have fun, make history".
Time Schedule Benefits Career Growth Night Shift option
Prompt payment of salary
Amazon is one of the leading E - commerce companies around the globe. One will learn a lot while working here.
As i want to prove myself which i can do to your company in a good way
Job Security, work culture, big company
Free Hot & cold drinks Higher pay rates as compared to other warehouse jobs
- Culture - Compensation - Team - Fun activity
Good company ans good culture
Sir, My short term goal is to a get a job in reputed company where i can utilize my skill and improve my career path my longterm goal is to be in respectable position in that organization
Great place to work, You work hard, Have fun & Make history
Amazon really takes care of his employees, I feel they take care of us so we can take care of the customers, that is a great way to motivate us.
Good Company with good package
Great Experience, Have been working for 5 years , Lots of growth opportunities.
Work life great good growing chance
It is a good place to grow and hone your skills
Some managers I had were great, very focused and willing to help you growth.
Nice people and nice atmosphere at work
Being owner of the startegy, implementation and results
-Friendly colleagues and managers. - encourages associates to grow in the job. Promotion opportunities after completing 9 months in the job depending on performance. - loads of fun activities and freedom to enjoy and have fun in workplace provided you have completed the work for the day. - can wear anything. I have seen colleagues coming in pyjamas and slippers. - awards and vouchers for best performance. - work hard, have fun, make history
People often mention that life in Amazon is stressful, on-call load, work life balance issues etc. Trust me that's all wrong. I am in Amazon for close to 5 years now and I really enjoy working at Amazon. I am motivated every day to go to work and solve some real complex issues related to business or tech, and what keeps me motivated is the peers, team, senior leaders that you work with. Amazon has the best workforce at all levels and you get to learn a lot from them and become successful in your career. Amazon takes care of work life balance, lots of employee benefits, work culture is the best. When I joined Amazon almost 5 years back I had heard similar stuff about slogging, work life balance etc. but it all turned out to be wrong and I am happy that I took the right decision at that time and did not go with what rumors I had heard.
Culture challenge nice pay learn development and warmth
Good working environment and support
- Relatively good salary - Too many opportunities to learn and move forward
Customer focus, Innovative Products, nice colleagues.
Excellent work culture. We have our freedom to work on our own, not pressurized for anything.
Work culture is pretty comfortable.
Freedom to work the way you want
overtime facility, decent pay, other then TRMS all other jobs are good, good pay for other jobs but not TRMS employees
1. You get to work with smart people. 2. You get a lot of respect from people in the industry because you work for the market leader. 3. Steep learning curve 4. Lot of small perks. You'll not notice them till you lose them :) 5. Good career opportunities. Easy to switch teams.
Technology and new approach in the market are key elements in the working experience. Possibility to try and make mistakes is appreciated and is helping and speed up the learning curve
Good place, good working environment, great place to start your career.
The best pro to work at amazon to have the opportunity to work at home, the environment provided by your team, and manager , free transportation is a very good benefit and also that your feedback is taken into consideration makes you feel listened
Nice people and nice atmosphere at work
young crowd, supportive management, fun after-work parties
great job opportunities inside Amazon!
excellent management and confidence to do your work
1. You get to work with smart people. 2. You get a lot of respect from people in the industry because you work for the market leader. 3. Steep learning curve 4. Lot of small perks. You'll not notice them till you lose them :) 5. Good career opportunities. Easy to switch teams.
Technology and new approach in the market are key elements in the working experience. Possibility to try and make mistakes is appreciated and is helping and speed up the learning curve
Good place, good working environment, great place to start your career.
The best pro to work at amazon to have the opportunity to work at home, the environment provided by your team, and manager , free transportation is a very good benefit and also that your feedback is taken into consideration makes you feel listened
environment is very friendly,no work pressure,no time line
young crowd, supportive management, fun after-work parties
great job opportunities inside Amazon!
excellent management and confidence to do your work
Very Open Culture, If you put efforts you will get the outcome, Challenging role, Can learn a lot on supply chain and inventory related issues.
I get to work with the most brilliant people every day! And for a company where we actually stand by our word and all work hard to deliver the highest standards to our customers.
there are no positive things .... wants to make you fat giving you all kinds of fast food
Good atmosphere and good people
Multinational working environment, good benefits
The leadership principles really is the key component of the culture. Great career opportunities, cutting-edge technology, work environment, salary and benefits. You get shares, reimbursement for phone, etc.
Dynamic environment. Structured access to info and trainings.
- Scale and impact - Learning curve - Combination between business and technology aspects
Benefits and way of work
Salary perks and work culture
- Good pay - Good staff - Free parking
Good pay and subsidized meals
In India, Some People They Don't Know Some Basic Thing Like Prime Membership and Other Futures of Amazon fire tv stick .Consumer they have to Know they can watch both New Indian Movie and IPTV channels in Amazon fire tv stick.
Nice work environment and they always keep you staisfied. Equal opportunities for all. Friendly people.
If you want to work 65 to 90 hours a week, work during weekends, bank holidays and don´t have a life other than your job, then this is your place to work.
Big Organisation, A lot of things can be learned if middle management has a vision and the patience to hear others saying.  Else, don't bother and play with your career to be in Amazon, trust me in a months time you will have the urge to leave.
. Office space Ambiance is good . Compensation is good . Good place to learn especially for freshers
Good Salary. Great people to work with
Colleagues are usually talented, you will get to learn a lot. Mostly not stingy with travels even for non sales positions. However, only economy flights even for frequent flyers. The company is growing rapidly, a lot of opportunities for career growth.
Company is good for programmers
Good work environment, best culture
Really friendly people. Will always help you out. Great place to work at. Loved working here
Talented people, great workplace, opportunities to progress and to work across functions.
really good company to work for
Simply awesome bosses has made the past 5 years at 4 Cities Furniture Removal the best years of my working life.
Open to different career path choices. Start up vibes
good salary benifits get chance to promote
Employee friendly and the best place to work so far in India besides Google and Facebook.
Very good for technical guys to improve his/her skills.
Vivid, positive, friendly working enviroment
Enviroment is friendly one love to wokr
Compensation(Although this is averaging to industry every day) Learning on AWS
Compensation(Although this is averaging to industry every day) Learning on AWS
good work environment, work culture
Strong developers all around. Less micromanagement
Good organization, lot of opportunities
Good work culture and good management
for the employs growth will be there
We have our freedom to work at our own , not pressurized for anything .
- You get paid on time. - You get 2 breaks.
Great environment. Great people. Amazing growth oppurtunities. Awesome training material and management support
Very smart and highly skilled people on the team. A lot to learn from them especially if you're a graduate new hire. Not a conventional support role where you send pre-framed responses. Every case poses unique challenges and one will learn something new every day.
No dress code and work culture is different
Very well organised, always plenty of work and working in really high tech warehouse.
I believe the true motivation comes from really enjoying what one is doing and being highly involved in it. My aim is to work with a company, which believes in teamwork, respects talent, rewards performance and provides scope for long-term relationship.
Company that offers you the empowerment to be successful in your role.
Good environment and Easy process
Great opportunities, good salary ,
free parking and hot drinks
It feels like as if we are working in our home like environments. and the culture is quite different here.
Excellent people place and Benefits plus Great possibilities to Grow
I like to work here because I have flexibility, an amazing team, and people very up to date always available to help each other. Also here I see really, competent persons and customer-obsessed.
Best work life balance
Work culture is very great. Managers are best. Love doing my work
Employee friendly culture and policies gives more importance to employees. Opportunity to Learn the business and latest update. Up to date in technology which makes employees life simple.
this is the first time for me working with international company , so i touch the different by having a clear and organize system .
work life balance and great opportunities
Great Environment to Work and Great Culture
Food benifits and relocation
Compensation is the best and nothing else
Good staff . Good environment. Lucky to work here
* Decent Package * Option to Switch Internally to better Positions * Employee Friendly Management * Additional Benefits like Transportation, Food Allowance etc * Clear Cut Policies on everything * Brand Value in Resume
Temp.job good money plus good working hours
Good working culture (but also kinda depending on the team and senior management) A lot to learn both inside and outside of your org
nice place to work offcours
Full freedom to work Great learning opportunities New tools and systems (though mostly internal)
easy to access cutting edge cloud tech and trend. fun to work with most innovative customers. opportunities for next job.
No dress code  work from home excellent package
Best work Environment, love the culture here and You will never see any company which is so employee friendly. I worked with other 2 companies, but Amazon is the best.
The team is great. The environment is challenging at the beginning but it'll get more familiar with the time. Getting a lot of responsibilities fast. A very high bar, and working with super intelligent people. Great management, and stress-free working environment.
Freedom to execute work in a startup environment though a large corporate Safe environment Large-scale learning opportunities
Amazon is a vast pool of knowledge. The best part about Amazon is the Leadership Principles. They help you to take decisions in daily work as well as personal life[some leadership principles do]. They are a great source and a guiding light. The candidate's who wish to join must have the ability to learn at a fast pace. It's a great thing because it helps personal growth. Compensation is competitive. The company is growing rapidly. Immense opportunities to choose from various career options. Great place to work with smart people.
1. Good salary 2. Many Things to learn 3. Growing very fast
Best company to work for
You are surrounded by engineering talent, that has passion, knowledge and desire to innovate. Leadership is tuned into innovation grow your skills and career. Having Leadership Principles (others call values) help you to navigate complex systems and thinking long term. Office space in dublin is neat !
Always changing environment, always learning and challenging yourself, you feel you are growing each day. You can build up your careers, start new projects, innovate. Young and international team, open minded, passionate about their work, flexible working hours if needed, easy to work from home too, salary on average.
Nice colleagues- made some good friends there Good Laya health insurance package Sometimes you get free stuff like ice cream and fruit
Nothing that I can report on!
Work on new ideas and freedom to try out new concepts
Flexible hours, driven culture and good people
Big company, challanging, open minded
Work Culture, Working environment, Salary, Good Opportunities, Work Life Balance
Independent and end to end ownership to a team for given tech solution. There isn't much bureaucracy even with large organization size. It's pretty much like running like startups with advantage of big organization.  Leadership principles take care of day-to-day noise that one would face otherwise. They provide common ground and yet encourage discordant views.  One does learn a lot everyday with diverse and smart team mates following peculiar organization culture.
Work Culture, Visibility, Opportunities and Flexibility with Work Life and Personal Life(Balance)
Very good working atmosphere and motivation
Interesting, no day is the same, enjoy the work that I do, can earn a lot doing overtime
Great pay, a lot to learn
Attractive benefits! Top global management seems quite clever, Company is growing. Keeping myself always busy with things to do, system is organised, systematically and execute mechanism way.  Surrounded by hard working people with kind, good mental. it is slightly too obedient, too polite to communicate rather awkward., it could be Japanese Customer services' culture. Keep changing, innovative and Kaizen environment.  When you watch Amazon ads TV, you proud of yourself as part of the team, Amazonian.  Never get bored as you can occupy your time with learning new things, changes, new products etc..  Those who are not good at developing good relationship with colleague or managers, it is ideal environment, as it is not mandatory requirement throughout the work, as long as you can chat or communicate via email.
Fast-paced No Bureaucracy Really follow the 'Get It Done' principle Supportive Team & Company
AmaZon is a great, good,confident
Trust worthy so it is Safe
- Clear progression path - Very intelligent co-workers - Good compensation - Decent benefits although pension could be better - Organised culture - Interesting and varied work - Not a desk job - Pushed to be your best - Many other job roles and careers open to you once you start at Amazon - Opportunity for travel and to launch new sites
Work life balance and leave policies is good
- Good for new starters in IT like Grads and Interns - Most of colleagues are nice but some can be extremely political and sabotage others to move forward - Free Fruits, Drinks and Nuts - First few months are pretty exciting learning new tech, but gets boring after a while - Heaven for newbies, if they can be good with managers and do hardwork, they can progress in their career pretty quick, sometimes even surpassing salary of seasoned IT professionals. The keyword is the employee have to be their manager's favorite.
The culture and environment to work are very employee friendly!!!!
Let me keep my Shakespeare English off as it would irritate one who reads..I don't want to show that I'm a verbose..So for easy Understanding.... It was the best time in Amazon,learned a lot with their diversified process and how thing go there 1.Firstly once your recruited you'll be called upon to assemble the first day and will be assigned under a Trainer under whom you'll reflect,once you go they'll tell you to Graduate in Process,just like your UG school,once you meet their requirements you'll be put on productivity and will have a set of goal to attain under a Manager,lucky part is you'll be shuffled under different Managers and so it won't be boring and also you'll be safe(Nepotism). You'll learn a lot and have to use that skill in your IJP's (believe me it's a swarm of competitors)who want to get promoted same as you so it's always recommended to be a bit updated rather than other to be in lead.You can apply for IJPs after 6 months which is good here ,Talent is always recognised here
Flexible hours, driven culture and good people
Amazon is a unique company and gives you a life time opportunity to learn many things within really short period of time. Some people would find it challenging and hard, some people would consider it as a great work experience and learning. Amazon is truly customer centric company and I'm endlessly grateful that I had a chance to work here for about 4 years.
A great place to work and will get wider chance to grow up in your career. Benefits are really awesome.
Good pay Good equity options on senior level
Wage (£41k but with the bonus included). 4 days on, 3 days off. Career opportunities across the company (but only after being a slave for 2/3 years or more).
Good work culture and no dress code
smart people, access to great positions over the world
benefit is good compare to other warehouse. working environment is ok.
Fast paced environment, lots of growth opportunities, flexibility to move across roles
- you get free hot drinks - good pay for overtime
Good compensation, holidays, international environment
nice company and environment is good
amazon is a good process.so i have to know about the work process of amazon and gaining a lot of experience from this process.
Good work in company salary ingeryment
You get to work in one of the world's fastest growing companies.
Great exposure to variety of people, Opportunities to explore various lines oh job, Great compensation and reimbursement plans
You will get to work on the following:  - New products and latest technologies - Great projects and learning opportunities - Good work culture - A lot of flexibility
Great People, interesting work, fast paced work
Brand Amazon, Employee benefits and work environment.
Amazon teaches you everything from ownership to improving your skill sets. Work load depends on team to team basis.
- The work culture / leadership principles - made me a better professional - An insight into doing things massively, properly, at scale, and leading the industry - Managers are usually ex-engineers. I've had 3 managers and they all have been fantastic - An obvious one: Amazon is killing it lately and looks great on your resume. The long-term prospects are also good. - Things do change internally - Loved the corporate events and outings - shout out to the events team
flexible working hours work from home there are many smart people around you who are more than willing to share their knowledge
Shares, Health Insurance, Pension scheme, Opportunities to Grow, Relocation packages.
Good pay and share value
1. Less Office Politics 2. Great leadership principles 3. Ownership
Great company, free drinks, good pay
Good team Challenging job horizontal hierarchy good salary excellent team
I want this job because I needed. I request to you please give me data entry job
Im hard working and puntual
Felexible, 4 days a week , opportunities
It's one of the best employer in the world. You do have work pressure but here's when the learning meets .
1. Get to learn a lot in a short duration 2. Teaches one to adapt to ever changing business requirement
Great and dynamic environment, good work-life balance
- surrounded by a pool of very talented people - fast pace - employees empowered to drive their career path - continuous innovation
Good Working Environment, Culture and values of the company are good, customer obsessed.
We live, breathe, walk, talk and swear by the leadership principles. The best leadership principle and my personal favorite is "Have Backbone, Disagree and Commit." I have worked with Amazon for 3 years, 7 months, 13 days (as of today) and I have never been afraid or hesitant about it!
*Shares. *Good learning, *Coding and more in to AWS cloud. *A lot of opportunities for self staters. *Python is recently everywhere evolved, at Amazon too. So a lot of code base to refer and learn.
I joined Amazon 15 months ago and I am very happy with the working conditions and office atmosphere. This company promotes a very healthy work-life balance, meetings are meaningful and there are opportunities for training and growth.
Hard work Managment not really treat well
You can get promotions by using the right connections.
lots of o/t and perks
Learning opportunity Good brand and globally recognized
1. Get to learn a lot in a short duration 2. Teaches one to adapt to ever changing business requirement
Work culture is best as compared to any company in Pune You can get leaves if you can provide the reason. Career opportunities
great benefits and not so bad salary
Flexible Work timings, Highly knowledgeable Peers, Good Pay and No Politics
Everything is driven through the lenses of the Leadership Principles, so it's very easy to know how to succeed and grow here. There are incredibly smart people here, so it's very difficult not to learn and grow your career at an accelerated pace. Above industry average compensation.
Work culture is best as compared to any company in Pune You can get leaves if you can provide the reason. Career opportunities
great benefits and not so bad salary
Flexible Work timings, Highly knowledgeable Peers, Good Pay and No Politics
Work from home Work culture Management
Great Culture to work in
Safe Environment  Regular one on one's  Easy to reach any level  No Dress-code  No Specified Break time
1) Quality work 2) Amalgamation of research and business oriented problems 3) Good work environment
It is great for career opportunities and learning a lot.
Good work life balance and salary
Fantastic Company. great vision.. great culture Enough said
Excellent benefits. 4 Night shifts, 3 Nights off. A lot of staff to befriend and become part of something more.
Fast paced, and great place to learn. Good Transparency and 360 degree feedback.
From being a customer to being for customer. Its amazing to learn how Amazon is so customer obsession.
Great work atmosphere Super colleagues The work is enjoyable The pay package overall is fine If you're good, you'll go far!
Lots of career growth potential Multiple divisions to work in Corporate and medical benefits
Good work environment and growth opportunities.
fast, high standards, start up environment, intelligent people
Best workplace, fun and everything
Varied and interesting search projects. Exposure to most senior leaders at Amazon. Trust from the team.
{Freedom to think on the different views }
Stress-free work, flexible enough to balance work n life, great prospectives through IJPs.
Good Learning, people appreciate common sense, simple processes, innovative company, higher standards for principles and values, ethical
Great Facility great support from seniors
Great colleagues. Moves fast. You feel you can achieve anything.
working enviroment very good , supportive management
The products are earning money
Very dynamic environment Fail fast policies Working ambiance Travel and stay luxuriously Great visibility from top Excellent support teams (IT & Travel arrangements)
Work culture Dress code Leaves Package for fresher(gets horrible in hike part though) cab facilities
Overtime Allowance, Transport Allowance, Night Shift Allowance
Employee friendly work culture Freedom to think out of box and also make your ideas reality As you are part of firm which is trendsetter, you get an opportunity to learn number of new things.
De centralized decision making, Data driven decisions, Opportunities to work on new technology and programs, flexibility to move across teams and roles
Well-defined software architectures. Good experience on large website design. Chances to work on different projects.
All Good, +ve experience, recommended
smart people to work with....Gr8 experience
Amazon is very much flexible in terms of the work, Amazon lets the employee drive his project the way he wants it to. Various projects to be taken an initiative on.
Good quality work om latest tech
Awesome place to work and learn new things everyday.
Culture is really great worth
I want to work because I have 3 kids and my wife to take care of
I want to work because I have 3 kids and my wife to take care of
The best reason to work here is the work culture
Work environment and facility provided is good
Superb Culture, it's always day one
Employee benefits and fairly set market value pay. @15.75$ an hour for all the walking
good env, fun activities, incentives, transport,
flexible work pattern, smart people, stimulating environment
Exciting, vibrant team. Fun to work in different languages.
Good working experience and growth opportunity
Its massive scale translates to almost absolute freedom to pursue whatever technical direction you wish, Great culture and work environment, Ample career opportunities.
salary, environment, management, shift, co-workers
everything is better than any other company for same field.
Best company to shop. Worst company to work.
Benefits as of day 1
Cab service good pay OT & nightshift allowance
Good Management , teamwork , training, human resource
employee friendly, reliable, great place to work
Challenging and environnment good team
Flexible, good, healthy, coffee, free food
competitive pay ,managed workplace ,overtime possibility
Good work culture, fun activities, salary,
Lot of opportunities inside the company
1. No time restrictions 2. We will get good benefits for employees.
It’s employee centric and friendly
Some of your peers are nice.
Amazon is a great company to be employed with, Having access to huge resources. Its great to have a start up culture for such a big MNC.
All good, a nice work culture
We get to learn new things in compliance domain and how the process of sanctions work and what can we do to improve our customer experience.
Opportunities for Advancement Good Working Culture and Environment Good Medical Benefit Management are helpful and professional
Good salary, flex schedule, managable
I'm learning a lot, and I'm developing new skills. Also, I'm taking on more responsibilities, which is really good if you want to grow professionally. I receive both positive and negative feedbacks on a regular basis, which is something that is really making me grow as a person and as an associate. I feel valued at Amazon. And I feel that if you work hard they see and reward it. Also, the work environment is great, and people have a positive mindset. Another great aspect of working at Amazon that I value a lot is the diversity and the importance given to it.
Best Workplace. (Interiors and interiors only) few Managers are very friendly and helps you to have a clearer goal.
flexible timings cab facility team outs fun activities friendly management
Growth opportunities for smart people. You need to be good at technical, communication and writing skills to grow here.
- Every day is Day 1 - Challenging - Good rewards
too frugal, bad work conditions
- Most employees have very high ownership - Good pay - Good people around you :D
Innovation, Customer Obsession, Flexibility, Career improvement, teamwork
Flexible shift timings , employee friendly policies
Good benefits. Nice management . Great working environment
experience work knowledge team meeting
Very good place to work at amazon especially for women. It gives you a great career growth and opportunity to enhance your skills.
Good atmosphere and freedom to explore new innovative things at work. Also company shares in addition to annual CTC is a perk.
Active, share rewards, licence to innovate so long as result supported
Flexibility and ownership. If your manager is awesome (like in my case), there is no challenge that cannot be faced. I learn something new every day.
Great people to work with
+ Probably the only place with cutting edge technologies and massive amount of sales data + Freedom to move to different teams across globe + Good work culture, talented crowd + Customer obsession policies + Leadership principles based direction
Opportunities to learn, contribute and grow are immense.
AWS: Great opportunities for learning, challenging and cutting edge. Super people to work with.
You have the chance to deal with large amounts of data.
The salary was competitive for the type of work compared with other similar companies.
Good environment. Friendly People. Easy to work.
good environment and easy work
The Salary and Benefits are well paid above average. It's possible to have a work-life balance an the have a career for all your life.  Amazon manages several frameworks, technologies so you always could learn and innovate.  The reputation of the sde is very good and you could find and have multiple challanges.  The personal quality of 90% of the people is extraordinary one of the best things of Amazon.
work hard have fun and make history
Employee-centric , Good Facility & Promising career.
Challenging and fulfilling role - opportunity is afforded to work in an ambiguous and technically sound environment. Peers are strong both technically and from the product standpoint. Independence to execute, improve and manage.
Good opprortunity for career growth
* Good Ambience * Excellent work Culture *Friendly colleague *Perfect Place For Freshers To Get Sarted
One of the best company to work in, work culture/environment , infrastructure, other facilities are simply awesome. Good CTC, ample leaves/holidays, work from home option etc
Innovation, Customer Obsession, Flexibility, Career improvement, teamwork
Exciting to work at Amazon scale. Great pay and perks.
Learn a lot and work with super tech
Good to work and learn
Lot of free time once work is completed
1. lots of information and well organized 2. good onboarding experience 3. good benefits
Good Career Growth, Flexible Timings
Flexible work environment, good senior level management. Organized in every aspects, good growth opportunities sometimes very fast growth and promotion. The internal job posting is a good thing and every team supports. People are supportive both professionally and personally.
Flexibility and ownership. If your manager is awesome (like in my case), there is no challenge that cannot be faced. I learn something new every day.
Good Safety Practice, Work Appreciated etc
good salary, famous brand, smart people
comfortable offices, good facilities, enough money to keep you quiet
Learning opportunities and a lot of perks for employees
innovative, encourage you to take some risks and fail
good management and career progress
Harder to grow in the organization
Flexibility Well planned Own the projects Globalized team to work woth Hi Pay master
Will get to learn manythings
Personality development Communication enhancement Great initiative
You have the best feel best environment which i bet no company will give salaries are best with every allowance
You could make some serious money if you have your own van but you will not have a life
Pay and benefits are good, Open minded and no dress code.
Transportation Health insurance Food coupons Fun at work Games Work environment Extra time benifit OT
Great place to work, master in pay
-Amazon is the best compared to other companies -It only follows a single quote "work hard, have fun, make history" - the work culture is excellent
Good pay Good products to work on
Salary and benefits, compensation, opportunities
Im a police office in philippines Been to a training with regards to security Completed training with response to active shooter
- exponential learning capability - flexible working hours - high level of autonomy
Nice place to work.perfect place to increase knowledge.no work pressure
Amazon is such a great company. Everyone can work full remotely, so it is very helpful who has to care their children. Also, employee can buy anything if it is necessary for their development of skills. Coworkers are very kind and friendly. It is a best place to work!
great place to work, work from home options available.
Amazon takes care of its employees very well. A very good place to learn things and proceed in you career. It has the most flexible and accommodating environment for its employees.
Challenging and fulfilling role - opportunity is afforded to work in an ambiguous and technically sound environment. Peers are strong both technically and from the product standpoint. Independence to execute, improve and manage.
You can learn a lot
Benefits given by the company
* Very Chilled Work Atmosphere * Balanced Work-life * Good Benefits
Good head office, good work social activities, exposure to all levels of the business.
Good hike and salary every year
Cool Culture and Learning is high
Cool Culture and Learning is high
1.Best peer group 2.so much to learn from managers 3. Fun place to be
-Working for the #1 company of the market -High-value deals -Being mentored and trained by top-notch professionals -Friendly environment -Lots of opportunities organized by Amazon outside work -Never boring
High scope for career growth
Great to work those who have ideas and can drive them furiously..
Good work is making our lives easy
Long hours so good pay Easy Work
International exposure, largest firm in its field, great name on your CV
Nice people and good benefits
Great Work culture, Freedom
Making Business Decisions Good Team Lots of Learnings Headway to shape ones career Managers with great knowledge
- Increases your breadth across technologies. - Helping Teammates. - Know the customers and how they are using technologies/AWS Services. - Insights of AWS Services which all are using today. - Get Benefits of Amazon's growing shares. - Get to travel to different AWS PS sites.
Good working environment Best colleagues ever
A good Manager/Team lead of a software company will let you in to the world of possibilities, where your ideas and thoughts are appreciated and converted in to reality in the means of software programs and give’s you chance to contribute to the whole society.     Good payment for your work and recognises you if you and your work is worth of.     Gives you corporate and real time experience in which you can master, Career growth and allow you to demand a good package for future company.     Employment programs such as train and hire are now in favour of both trainees and company.
Amazing environment to work at.
Only good thing is stocks which you get will be good.
You learn a lot initially. Good people willing to help. Very good place to learn how not to manage people.
Smart people around you. Deal with some scaling issues.
Friendly and explorable environment for employees
very friendly and cultural environment, great environment to work in.
A good MNC experience Able to meet multiple people with varied interests Dynamic work place environment Entry into corporate world.
REAL Opportunity to grow I learned from another point of view about the trade and it has helped me personally in how I treat retail workers in my every day Fun environment: it's always changing but in the best way, I feel like they really hear me Local benefits (at least for Costa Rica) like different transportation routes, insurance that you can REALLY use
great exposure, latest technologies, Innovation at the best, Attractive CTC
Friendly environment to work without any pressure.
Freedom to choose your own path. Surrounded by great people. Sense of pride and achievement. Trusted by your manager. A nice place to work.
Great company and awesome benefits including the kindness of working from home.
leads are very supportive and helpful
Good Pay and task is relatively easy
Only pros is that you only get to be called that you "Work for Amazon"
Shift flexibility Number of leaves
Best Company to work at, its casual with professional approach, chilled out atmosphere with expectations to deliver your best
Awesome Work Enviroment to work in
It's always day 1 and there is second day that you will see.
CTC and Culture and People
Salary and Stocks, Get to work on Big projects. Will meet some brilliant people.
you learn alot in fast paced
Very reputed organisation and it’s my dream company
Good company. Work environment
autonomy, flexible working hours and responsabilities
Good reliable there are many great items for sale such as amazon fire TV and many more
Good leadership, Employee satisfaction and various internal learning
Decisions are well thought through. Good balance of the Leadership principles at work. Good Work Life Synergy. Amazon has a lot of teams. It is like a large company with many startups within. Once you feel that you have contributed to your team, learnt and grown, you can switch to other teams and continue your growth trajectory.
The leadership principals sets the cornerstone for everyone’s alignment especially during critical decision making time.
Excellent workplace and culture wherein one can work and have fun at the same time
Amazon provides a fast paced learning environment. You are constantly working on interesting projects, which is a big plus. The roles you play at Amazon are fluid, ie you are owners of your software and for its success you need to play any role that it needs you to. No fixed working hours. Tasks have deadlines and usually deadlines are strict. You specify your own estimates, and are expected to deliver on time thereafter.
No frills company - provides what you need to get the job done. Competitive pay, a lot of autonomy and career opportunities.
Amazon gives you the means to try new things out, learn from the results and fundamentally improve yourself on the professional as well as the personal level.
Pro’s Full of intelligent people, no one is negative and everyone is challenged which creates a very positive environment. The work is good, challenging and what you make of it. Travel is common if you're into that. Great support networks for different groups (Glamazon, Parents). It’s common for people to move around within the org, and that’s seen as a good thing = you learn more, customers get a better experience and the business grows. Great building and environment, free fruit, great food, fuse ball tables, lovely seating areas to work in, great views and good quality office equipment – best office I’ve worked in. Compensation is very good and structured to have a good shares package (dependant on level I’m sure) so you think long term (one of the Amazon behaviours).
Always curious to learn and strive for the best effort. Great package and working environment.
1. Flexible team change 2. Good team culture 3. Full team parties
Really the best company i have worked for three times .I worked for AEG ,Siemens,GEC Alsthom ,Krier Africa.I like there mentality .Work hard get paid weLl.
Nice place to work regarding managing hour and ownership. Good opportunity to improve managing skills regarding reports and people. Good monthly compensations and benefits like pension plans, employee discounts, and safety furniture.
Facilities Employee Friendly Quick Exposure Monetary Benefits Automated systems for everything
- good development personally - high standards and never sets for anything less
good salary, good international atmosphere, good friendship.
- Developed a lot on interpersonal level. Had a great confidence boost. - Met a lot of people from different parts of the country. - Office work was done in the office and I never carried any work to home.
only and only pro is benefits. and they squeeze you in the name of benefits.
No frills company - provides what you need to get the job done. Competitive pay, a lot of autonomy and career opportunities.
A lot of new things to learn
Competitive pay No dress code Good culture Transport
Internal Structures Forget old ingrained hierarchical structures and internal dictatorships. Here you are part of something greater, part of history and everybody has a voice.  Communication It's amazing how such a large cooperation manages the fierce firestorm of internal and external communication. In the end, you get the message, even if the onslaught of emails from around the globe seems overwhelming at first.  Colleagues There hasn't been one person that hasn't offered help - With a smile. Colleagues are not concerned about power plays, but rather how to achieve successful outcomes for the team and the customer.  Work-Life Balance Work-life balance is a matter of personal priority. However, my job demands a lot of me and I am happy to give it. For other times, AWS makes sure I have fun and I make history.  Manager I wouldn't call it boss, but rather my mentor and peer. While he manages my area, I feel as though we have a partnership and a person I can go to for advice.  Work Environment Whatever you need - AWS makes sure you get it. From desks that can be moved up and down, to ergonomic seating, to dual monitor systems on every desk. Never had it like this before.
Because Amazon is aa freedom work.
Dynamic Learning Environment to work with
One of the best companies to work for
The fellow colleges and one cool manager who was quiting
Lots to learn and understand
1) Competent Salary 2) Flexible timings and WFH 3) Transport provided. 4) Good teams to work with
Amazon Leadership principles and company culture, ++ holidays and fixed time working hours
- Compensation is good - Peers are approachable
I want here i love to work
Lovely environment, amazing learning and growth prospects available.
Internal Structures Forget old ingrained hierarchical structures and internal dictatorships. Here you are part of something greater, part of history and everybody has a voice.  Communication It's amazing how such a large cooperation manages the fierce firestorm of internal and external communication. In the end, you get the message, even if the onslaught of emails from around the globe seems overwhelming at first.  Colleagues There hasn't been one person that hasn't offered help - With a smile. Colleagues are not concerned about power plays, but rather how to achieve successful outcomes for the team and the customer.  Work-Life Balance Work-life balance is a matter of personal priority. However, my job demands a lot of me and I am happy to give it. For other times, AWS makes sure I have fun and I make history.  Manager I wouldn't call it boss, but rather my mentor and peer. While he manages my area, I feel as though we have a partnership and a person I can go to for advice.  Work Environment Whatever you need - AWS makes sure you get it. From desks that can be moved up and down, to ergonomic seating, to dual monitor systems on every desk. Never had it like this before.
Good Payout, Overtime can earn extra bugs
Hard to find any pros
Employees are generally open minded and higher digital literacy. So if you are digital designer, it’s more comfortable workplace for you. Report line and mentorship are well considered in this company. If you are a type of a person seeking to grow or learn with rigit manner, I think this would be a good company to be.
Smart people - really look into customers needs - innovative
Fact paced Good Brand
Technology, Highly qualified colleagues, ESOPs
Culture of constant learning and improvement opportunity to work with very smart individuals Great flexibility - I say from my personal experience as a working mum
Interesting, fast paced environment, working alongside a very bright and well aligned group of people. Also, the opportunities to grow vertically and horizontally throughout the organization are unlike anything I've experienced previously, even in management consulting.  Base compensation is good, though not great. When topped up with variable compensation however, it is very attractive.
good place to work at
Opportunities for innovation, your ideas are valued, easy accessibility to senior leadership, no micro management, organised project management techniques, Some excellent brains to work with, encouraged to question the status quo
You work with best in class people and technology, clear growth path, adequate employee benefits, WW presence, strong leadership
Learning a lot, and a lot of opertiunites5
Opportunity to learn the latest technology
Possibility to grow, develop and move department/level if motivated. Possibility to propose new ideas/projects and get them implemented if they have a high value for the company. Possibility to work independently and take decisions on our own.
Excellent working culture Amazing work-life balance Good perks Good opportunities for IJP
Good pay and great people to work with
Good, cool work environment
Flexible and positive environment. People are friendly
Amazon is best performance company and good company
Free coffee, fruit, good quality canteen.
- Team management experience - Good operational processes in place
- Many opportunities to progress your career - High levels of ownership in roles gives you latitude to drive through big initiatives
explore your knowledge and learn new every day
Good salary and good work culture
good exposure for your career
Its been over a year for me @Amazon and I could say that there are many lessons I have learned while adopting Amazon peculiar ways of doing things, such as taking opinions and basing everything on facts by deep diving, Customer obsession and how it can build a better customer journey as well as many lessons when hiring and developing team members to name a few.
Working in Amazon is the next best thing. We work as business owners and not labors. All benefits given to employees. Work Hard. Have Fun. Make History is the slogan of Amazon
Challenging work, high calibre colleagues, interesting technology, very strong customer focus, great offices, lots of free food.
plenty of hours, shift rotation was good
Awesome place to work. Super cool environment.
Good work environment , easy going
Everything in terms of benefits
Freindly environment to work
Amazon's culture does promote healthy work principles, the environment in non-conflictual, they invest interest and money in day to day work comfort and safety, people are in large majority nice, they facilitate and encourage continuous learning.
Possibility to grow, develop and move department/level if motivated. Possibility to propose new ideas/projects and get them implemented if they have a high value for the company. Possibility to work independently and take decisions on our own.
Free work place, flexible timings, facilities and gratuities from company
Best place to work
you could get free time in your work hours, no dress codes and that's it.
Management is very good and lots of career advancement opportunities
good work life balance additional performance incentives are good
A place where you can challenge yourself. Really intelligent and motivated people.
This is one of the best companies that have worked with, work Culture is amazing. The kind of people working here are also simply amazing. Offices are like the Disney world of offices. The perks that the company provides is simply amazing
Direct impact on product soon. Ownership of deliverables
Employee benefits are better than others, Scope for learning
Opportunities, culture, environment, pay& incentives
Benefits are great
Home office holidays company culture
- Proactive scenario  - Fun environment and excellent team
Great Culture and great colleague (most) Once join in, many new opportunities will come to you.
Door-to-door transportation, flexible schedule, paid training
Good infrastructure and good environment to work. Very good salary. Growth is immense.
Work culture , freedom to make decisions
- Hourly pay is good - Free coffees & teas
Value for the name, good salary
1. Good development work. 2. Good collaboration.
Great opportunity to learn and grow.
Work Culture Team mates Starting as Freshers they give you Best Salary
Friendly, fun, good environment and more incentives
You will always have something to learn. Senior Management is very supportive and help us to grow. Multiple opportunities for career development.
Good place to work / good evironment
multicultural environment, healt scheme and pension plan.
Good working environment Career growth
The work environment is really good. Very friendly management.
good salary package and support from management
exciting, challenging, engaging, fun, awesome coworkers
Team collaboration spirit Individual empowerment Flexibility Invention and initiative are fostered Startup (It is still day one) spirit
Good work and cutting edge tech
No hierarchy, You can present your ideas to anyone,and people are open for ideas. Lot of bright minds
No hierarchy, You can present your ideas to anyone,and people are open for ideas. Lot of bright minds
Good work culture. Managers will help you to reach your goals. Company is very flexible and you can choose different career paths based on your interests.
VCC option good work space
Great place to work and good
Good work culture Good ambience Great teams
Nice pay nice compensation good management
Amazon gives good exposure to its employees.
Friendly environment and no dress code
good company to work amazon
The large scale technical products.
This is a best company in ecommerce for now. The company is always really busy in making money and getting richer day by day, where it's employees are at the same level with increased hardwork and pressures, are sitting there at the same level and positions. Only pro about this company is learning and work environment.
Good hourly pay and lots of shifts available
Awesome place to work , friendly enviornment
Everyone working here is smart and keen. Flexibility in work time management. Freedom to pursue projects driven by personal interests.
Fun place Nice environment Zeta meal coupons
- Encouraged to learn at all times - Exposure to the latest cloud technologies/deals - Opportunities for roles across the org
Very good company to make career
easy jog, good money, nice management
Nice company to work and balance life
Good work, interesting technologies, hard to become obsolete.
Work benefits are more in this
Too much work and various types of teams available
To learn the principles and the structure of the work a reputed company would follow. To practice and apply most of the principles i have learnt during my work.
Working with smart people
well run, good working environment
no doubt, amazon is giant in e comm. wonderful payouts, 2 week off,
Nice salary and amazing team
Good incentives and quick growth
Mediclaim facilities are hassle free, work place environment
We are pioneers, we lead the way we dont copy, which means we are always best in what we do, never second best.
Growing opportunities Great work environment Health Insurance Very organized company
Great schedule Great environment Constantly faced with new challenges Has work from home The Company really values their employees.
You have all the spotlight and opportunities to grow, as long as you have all the necessary skills.
Dynamic. Keeps everyone updated about the daily changes with the work related policies Not a monotonous job while working with Amazon The 14 leadership principles are the bible of each and everyone who works with Amazon
Training provided to meet or exceed expectations. Stable provided you work smart and hard. Voluntary over-time and time-off. Through out the day, you are valued for your work and safety, moreover, the meaning of life.
Amazon has a very dynamic work environment, indeed. You must be always up to date as the things are developing day by day. I would definitely highlight the working culture, diversity and "work hard" -> "have fun" principal. There is a lot of entertainment through the year and always some nice cheerfulness.
1.Brilliant Atmosphere 2. Co-operative management 3. Good leave structure
Forge your own destiny, compensation vs other employers significantly higher
Benefits are really good.gets overtime as well
Learn a lot from others - smart people
Developing Company Learn Lot of things
High Culture, Great Atmosphere, a lot of useful trainings. From the first day in Amazonians' office, you can easily fell like one of them.
Strong corporate culture, great high quality people, interesting intellectually challenging projects, positive atmosphere, fact-based, performance driven environment
Work environment, Management, Team, Learning
Lots of opportunity to drive initiatives and to be involved in doing things outside your role.
Amazon has a very dynamic work environment, indeed. You must be always up to date as the things are developing day by day. I would definitely highlight the working culture, diversity and "work hard" -> "have fun" principal. There is a lot of entertainment through the year and always some nice cheerfulness.
1.Brilliant Atmosphere 2. Co-operative management 3. Good leave structure
start learning new things everyday
Stock, quality of people, benefits
Best workplace and career growth.
Great work culture Great management team Awesome benefits per the positions
Work with cutting edge technologies Work Life Balance Great Stock Value
Great job environment and amazing benefits for the associates.
Lovely people, you learn a lot
face pace company that seeks continuous improvement daily, provides training and various opportunity to implement leadership principles. the company reviews employees based on metrics. It is a good start for one's career. Work-life balance as you don't have to be stressed out about work when your shift ends.
Timely payment Scope vast for growth
Exciting! New things to learn daily, fasted paced environment, very engaging.
I worked there for 8 months and those 8 months was like nothing because of their friendly environment.
Good for freshers Very good infrastructure
good opportunities, good career growth
Culture and its environment is cool
Great salary Great project, Great peers start up culture
Good fun team, ambition and drive to move things forward
Best employer, Good package for freshers and leave policy is splendid
Excellent development opportunities and inclusive environment.
there was great salary pacage ang extra bonus according to the wor you perform.
Best environment to work with..
Best in operations . Payment is good enough . No politics .
Good exposure., good career opportunity, young and enthusiastic staff....
Good.. exciting.. nice.. stress-free... Fun
Good.. exciting.. nice.. stress-free... Fun
- Good work Culture - Learning - Strong Principle
good environment healthy competition overall
Good place to work is what I can say
Amazon brand, Facilities, Employee friendly, IJPs
The company offers you a good atmosphere
- Flexible working hours - You own your career path - Talented team to work with
Amazon was having the best work culture couple of years back.
Most of the managers are from premium b schools. Working with them is eye opening experience.
Great place to work and if you would like to progress within work hard and you will be rewarded
Great place to work and if you would like to progress within work hard and you will be rewarded
Great company to work for, good benefits, nice environment, possibility to work on projects.
Great company to work for.
- CD/CE pipeline - ownership of services
Nothing, it was good. Recent change made things worse.
Best salary for freshers Sodexo coupons Good canteen Young environment Cab facility
good company, with a flexible environment.
A very good and caring company
No strict 9-5 because you work at home
Opportunities to grow Culture Specific benefits for employees such as insurance and so on.
Amazon offers decent pay in comparison with the other players in the industry. The benefits offered are best in class.
Salary, work environment, friendly staff
Great company, good benefits and the culture of the company is very good
work from home, medical aid
Good salary. Lots of overtime opportunity, especially on holiday season.
Amazon environment, not overtime required and if you do it you get paid for it. Learn about regulation in e commerce, what you learn here is way better than same areas in other companies: Banks value a lot the skills you got here. Once you do your hours you go home. Working from home is allowed many days per month.
Cab pink up and drop , 12 CL , 12 SL , 15 AL , Mandatory offs, emergency leave , no dress code , chilled out atmosphere , stocks , yearly bonus , work from home option.
Great career opportunities, compensation and awesome culture. You are the owner of your career inside the company and your manager and colleagues help you know how to get there. Great health & dental plans also.
Benefits Opportunity to grow professionally Great work environment
is a company that gives you the opourunidad to grow regardless of the age you have working there is a very good atmosphere and a good relationship between managers and collaborators
Great workplace and excellent colleagues
Complete tolerance to your dressing preferences, sexual orientation, religion, etc. Open doors policy Fun environment Many learning opportunities
Fast paced environment, continuous learning, tremendous opportunities and great culture
Work from Home Great Schedules Lots of Support Positive work environment Changes occur constantly Many career paths
Big company better life best for future
average pay, friendly staff and overtime compensation
relocation opportunities, easy to switch jobs inside
Amazon value your ownership. Good platform to work as a leader in each level with the leadership principles. Have scope to learn by mending our mistakes.
Great work-life harmony at this organization
At Amazon you are continuously learning. Everyday is a new challenge and if you are a problem solver you will have a lot to do in Amazon. Its a very high changing environment which means that you have to keep adapting and keeping up with the Company which makes it interesting and non-boring. From day one you are given a lot of responsibility and you are expected to deliver. Amazon takes care of its employees and is always investing on career opportunities and growth for each of us.
quite good benefits, friendly work environment
English speaking company, Very flexible with time and services, opportunity for growth.
Lots of learning High insistence on writing good and optimized code Learn a lot on testing, and owning your code Write, design and test at scale Work deployed into prod will immediately go live and affect customers, so impact is high Very steep learning curve Will learn how to handle steep deadlines, and will bring out the best in you. Teammates are very helpful and friendly, but the degree of this could vary according to team. Freedom of implementation, no micromanaging. Pre Placement Offer depends almost entirely on the quality of your work, hence fair and square. Accomodation provided in a very lavish 4 star hotel for 15 days, free transport and 40k rupees per month stipend.
Amazon has been by far the most awesome company i have ever worked with, the list of reasons as to what i like about the company is endless, still would try to jot down a few. 1. As my title suggest the most employee centric company. 2. work culture and people are fantastic, i look forward to come to office everyday. 3. and for the management, its a big thumbs-up, eveyone is so approachable and friendly. 4. this company truly believes in work-life balance there has not been a single day wherein i felt its dull or gloomy.. everyday is superbly exciting
Work Life balance with work flexibility, Internal growth by applying through various available openings, work culture aligned to global work style, Leaves structure,
The environment, the colleagues that you work with, the facilities
The best part of working at AWS is being surrounded by extremely knowledgeable and skilled colleagues. Each person brings something different and it's a great feeling to know I can learn something from everyone around me.  The work itself is exciting and interesting, helping customers define the best architecture for their requirements and adopting best practices. It's very gratifying to see the benefits that customers get from our interactions and the excitement around AWS in general.  Lastly I love the strong company culture and how committed everyone is. Although the company is quickly growing I found everyone to be accountable for their actions, open with their areas of improvements and happy to receive feedback.
Great career opportunities, compensation and awesome culture. You are the owner of your career inside the company and your manager and colleagues help you know how to get there. Great health & dental plans also.
flexible working time, amazing colleagues, really good compensation
their a sense of cooperation was quite impressive.
Competitive wage structure 4 days week Pension plans and other benefits
Good work culture Different technologies to work with
Awesome Work Culture Leadership is approachable anytime Open minded people It's the best place to work It also give a huge importance to have fun while working
Great opportunities to learn and grow, Free hand and ownership to take your own decisions, Innovate and simplify and no one to stop you here
My colleagues are the most hard working and adaptable people I’ve met to date
1. Good Pay as per Costa Rica's standard pay rates. 2. Schedule Flexibility. 3. Growth Opportunities (As long as you have the requirements). 4. Good Work-Life balance.
Good work place and share is given
good company to be working, good workplace
Employee-friendly environment, Amazing infrastructure, exposure
From Work culture to the growth rate. Everything is Awesome here!
1. Very good company 2. Good facility right from cafeteria to cabs pick and drop service 3. Good and Healthy environment 4. Very good medical policy very very helpful 5. Senior authority's are reachable and your feedback is taken seriously 6. best place to grow 7. Co employees very very helpful
Good benefits. Meal vouchers Good overtime pay
Good for learning new things.
Very good company to work for
Highly Competitive Environment. You get to team with best minds.
we are working as a team. I have so much experience in amazon because i learn so many new things everyday.I am flexible.
Best Place to work Full of Opportunities Amazing infrastructure
Good leadership, skill development, 2 weekoffs
high caliber of people. Tend to be respected for working there due to representation as tough
Perks, work infrastructure, leadership principle driven culture, flexible internal movements
Very casual environment but at the same time very professional in outlook. Well defined remuneration rules.
friendly working conditions. good pay and even 1 hour is calculated and paid as overtime
Amazing challenges. A lot of autonomy, you have people really willing to help you, true exposure to the high management.
Ok compensation. Looks good on your CV.
+ A place you can survive easily. Just make a godfather, and you are untouchable. You can do whatever you want in the name of innovation and raising the bar. Even play with customer experience. Your godfather will easily protect you based on your perception. + if you are not able to find a godfather, do not worry. Keep changing roles every 12/15 months or so. It is normal and quite easy to change roles. + If you have gift of gab, you will love the place. You will be treated with respect and promoted quickly. Tip: If you talk a lot, good. Occasionally, just throw in some numbers/data and blow up a problem and make it feel like sky is falling. That's it. + A perfect place to play politics and have fun in the process.
Good pay and shares, many role opportunities
Fast Pace environment, challenging and with lots of growth opportunities. Very good benefits and compensation packages. Aggressive and technologically updated. Lots of talent to develop and to learn from
Good payscale for entry level job. Career development
Great Employee benefits and Employee friendly place Flexible timings depending on teams. cab facilities No issues with leaves
Good leadership, skill development, 2 weekoffs
Great Employee benefits and Employee friendly place Flexible timings depending on teams. cab facilities No issues with leaves
Work culture. Well managed. Good pay.
Flexible timings... good office ambience .. co opereative managers .. Competitive Environment, Innovative company,
A lot, Zeta food coupons, good salary good additional income.
1. Will learn a lot. 2. Challenging 3. Multifaceted Job
Work-life balance Work from home option Flexi timing
Good people around the team
Nice environment,Good nature of workers
* Helpful colleagues * Nice Manager
Exciting projects, amazing scale, mostly competent people
Work life balance is better.
Good day-to-day work with nice work/life balance.
About 5 months like packing in Boohoo
Fast answer by email and fast to schedule an interview.
Very decent salary Pretty flexible working hours
International environment, many different teams and departments to learn from
- Huge environment - Easy to go with dress code - Friendly atmosphere - Yearly Bonus - Monthly reimbursements
Very causal environment, good pay structure
You can get the opptutunity to work on multiple technologies
You got to learn the best technology available to date and the knowledge to gain is endless.
Benefits, Amazon Culture, Growth Opportunities
Mentor/AA/Supervisor are always available to help if needed be. Open to suggestions. Project volunteering. Freedom to learn and explore several operational tools.
If you like actions, speed and end to end ownership. This is a place for you !!
Great on-boarding! Amazon insists that all new staff "learn to walk before they [are allowed to] run." Lot's of training in the unique Amazon ways.  Support from management -- locally and globally -- is terrific. They are as invested in your success as you are, which is really refreshing.
Excellent working environment with a data driven approach
Static Schedule can allow for work life balance so long as the company doesn't spring mandatory overtime.  Part Time Off hours can allow you the ability to deal with an emergency situation.
Great team of people, executives and assistants.
Aweosme is a small word to describe
Best Salaries, Good Benefits and possibility to travel abroad
I worked as part of the team
Good company to work with
Cool and Friendly work environment
The people are nice and friendly.
Everyone follow the key leadership principles.
Flexible, Horizontal organizational culture, High level co-worker, High business growth, A lot of global experience opportunity
Very good to learn and ramp up your career. Work environment it is awesome and company treats you very well.
The oportunities to grow in the company
Good pay out with stocks
Vast opportunities, data driven, Salary
Great company with very smart and innovative people
Amazon is an employee friendly company
Casual environment, No dress code and leaves policy
Good infrastructure, transport, growth, good chain of management
All I can say is Amazon has been changed drastically and trying o implement cost cutting in everything and implementing HSBC policies. Becoming worst day by day
Weekly pay was a plus
No Pros at all to review and say to people outside.
Great Package .especially for freshers its awesome package Shares option (stocks) Support facilities are very good colleagues ,peers are good Infrastructure especially IT infrastructure is world class
Great working atmosphere and facilities
good facilities and free about thoughts
Its Good overall. lots of things to learn
Its Good overall. lots of things to learn
identify risky patterns,validate documents, identify brands, formulate SOPs and work with Program managers to strategize process ideas
You can dive into Great Lake of information. While you’re working on one project, can learn about another. Most of the tools are available for those who want to learn. There are a few but really helpful people among internal mailing groups.
Salary is good and the work is less compared to a developer
Great job and coworkers, as well as opportunities for development
Working with latest technology and learnings out of it is great.
I joined Amazon straight out of college as an Customer Service Associate, just under a year, I was able to become Data Analyst and in another year Business Analyst. I don't know of a place where you can grow this quickly.  All the managers in my 4 year tenure were awesome. They are the walking definition of the term "People's Manager"
Good culture, competitive environment, interesting work
Work culture, Exciting stuff and Work life balance
Great Working Environment, best colleges, Employee Friendly policies and challenging work
I don't have any pros
Good Place to Work,Lively workplace
- high expectations - hard work gets rewarded - great culture
Good working environment and culture
Great Pay. Salary includeing bonus and stocks is easily more than double its peers. Only company in India who come somewhat close are Google and Flipkart
If you end up in a great team under a good manager, it would be a great experience!
Great perks and benefits to working at Amazon even just as an associate. Usually there's overtime available with 40-50 hours being paid at time-and-a-half and 50-60 hours being paid at double pay. Paid weekly. Daily prizes for top performers. Lots of opportunities to move around and be trained in different roles. £8.20 an hour (night shift is an extra ~£1.96 an hour if I remember correctly. Plenty of parking.
Learned so many things about working in warehouses, learning about shipping and receiving, how these huge companies get orders out on time, its a non stop learning environment
Good work environment to work at.
awesome place to work ever
Very positive work environment.
I joined as FTC (Contract) but now am a Full time employee. Due to my performance, quality and scores in test, they make me as full time employee. Managers and peers were motivated me a lot. 1. Good transport facility 2. Meal vouchers 3. Good IT support 4. Casual culture 5. Always encourage us
Enjoyed my work thoroughly in Amazon
You get perks like any other company No dress codes Sodexo coupons
Good for learning and having fun
Good wage and easy work
Food and ambience is good
good place with great personnel
one of the best work environments, fun, on floor programs and facilities like transportation and meal card, etc.
Incredibly customer focused Truly brilliant individuals
Leadership principal lead, great development and rewards
Challenges to learn something new evryday
Work environment is perfect and
Co-ordination and co-operation between team members are good. The work environment is also good which makes it fun to work here.
Being part of the best company in the world
Working in a very international environment with highly qualified colleagues Good environment within team Flexible schedule and work from home options
Flexibility,work from home opportunities, Job variations in different fields, good work experience, skill learning and talent development.
Flexible working hours people oriented organisation
Cool company to work in chennai
Food and ambience is good
good place with great personnel
Really cool team, the people you were with are usually smart and interesting. I made some good friends there
I did a project with Amazon for 6 months Pros are: 1.Salary-you get paid well 2.Innovative work
Amazing Innovation and cool stuff to work on.
All the means to do your job in a excellent manner, open-minded coworkers coming from all over the world
Good compensation and shares, challenging workplace, easy to move around.
Great people and and amazing working place , good coffee and a lot of fun
Salary, Hours, Stability, Interesting, People, Facilities
Great place to grow, there are no limits.
Customer centricity, great minds working together and of course pay
Customer centricity, great minds working together and of course pay
Leadership principles. A place to work hard having fun and make history.
Its just mind blowing org. very employee friendly... manager who is three levels above u also will talk to u in a very humble way and are always approachable.... Employees and der preference comes first.... ur voice is heard, every time its raised.
great company and nice places to work
Only good thing about this position is the salary which is higher than what is paid to employees in other companies for same kind of work.
It is a holistic role which lets you get into technical, operation, management and Interaction with higher officials. Perfect balance of all.
-Positive work culture and environment -Career progression support -Working flexibility (dependent on team working in)
good salary and good food and tea
Top company and reading company
Freedom to fly and implement your ideas
It nice to Work with Amazon , Culture is very nice. Good Pays and Career Progress provided u are ready to Work Hard.
Great minds great people. Get to work on all latest technologies.
Relocation policies are good here
Nice coworkers, nice office, free coffee and tea. My team leader was great, the director of the department was not.
Really good enviroment, you are surronded by smart people that are willing to help you through. You are business owner of a relevant part of the business and you are free to take important decisions.
Work culture, Talented people around, Lot to learn
Great scope of growth, Good work culture , Flexibility, Managers are hepful and understanding, Decent pay
* Good Salary * Stock prices are rising
Good Salary and RSUs. Long learning curve
Good line to have on your CV to prepare you for your next employer
1. Your peers will be very smart and you will always learn from them 2. A lot of training and internal study materials 3. Good cafeteria 4. Gaming zone with Xbox, TT, golf, cricket, pool, foosball, carrom etc 5. No policing by leads and managers on every activity as long as there is no escalation on you and you meet the metrics 6. Pay will be more than market standard 7. Ease of taking leaves 8. Frequent team dinners/outings
Culture, employee-centric approach, policies and benifits
good salary good work and team
good team skills and understanding
I have enough exp in warehouse to Handel  multiple operations an work with .
good pay travel allowances food coupens cab facility.
There is good work life balance There are benefits they offer which are really good The compensation is far beyond the competitors
You can be sure about your work hours.
salary, international environment and culture
Used to have good work culture.
good place to work overall
Leadership principles are more than words on the wall and can be felt through the company. Lots of opportunities to learn and have a positive impact for customers. Every colleague is ready to help you or answer your questions.
Great Place to work and develop
Timely Salary Friendly Environment Stress Free Work
Flexible, Good, culture nice colleagufe close to home
Good rate of pay compared to other local jobs
Scale at which company works. Vast Internal Ecosystem to learn from.
Blue Badge hourly employee's are entitle to 176 hours (22days) plus Bank Holidays (8 days). Pretty good.
Friendly atmosphere Cool office Timely salaries
Leadership Principles (only)... on papers - Helps make the company profitable! If you wish to hit your death bed sooner in life, just join this company.. now!
Best working Environment. Great Campus Good to start a career
Innovative company Dynamic environment Growth opportunities
Really good experience. Different opportunities to grow, you can shine at your job. Very Good relation ship with all your peers and management.
Work from home, more time with your family and less time commuting. Great environment and the possibility to work even if you are not from San Jose, Heredia or GAM
Great Team Environment and always keeps you growing with more trainings and learning new tasks
Values, breakthrough results, stability, honestly, fairness.
International and inspiring environment that can help you to reach your goals.
Fast moving and growing company, innovation oriented, young and smart people, motivating and fun environment, strong values and culture
Good benefits and a lot of overtime if desired
Only one if you get night shift use internet to learn something or earn certificates
Contractual base in the hire me
The first 6 months are awesome. Until you understand what's going on.
In a good team/role you can accomplish good things and feel proud.
1. They pay good salay 2. Stocks are good option but not balanced 3. Joining bonus and relocation amount is good 4. There are a lot to learn 5. Too many teams and normally we can switch teams
excellent work culture great teams to assist and grow
If you are someone who is highly action oriented, who is willing to make a difference and learn & grow in a fast-paced environment, Amazon is the place for you.
Metric and data oriented company AWS for faster development
Dress Code and nothing else, trust me on this
Amazon is an amazing place to work. There is so much going on that you will never get bored. The standards are really high, but that just encourages you to be your best when you're at work.
- Great environment. - Stable and strong company. - Equal Opportunities to grow for everybody
There are only Pros when you work from home for Amazon. I'm very happy to be able to have this job, i love it.
Amazon is the best place to work, there are a lot opportunities to grow in different areas, we have many benefits as employees and it helps a lot, it is a place to work hard, have fun and make history, if you wants to grow up professionally and learn more than expected Amazon is the best place, the environment is really cool and the people as well, you feel better than home. Every day is so different and you enjoy it much than you think... Amazon is my place.
Lovely coworkers and work environment and the Voluntary Time Off it's the best.
Good company for those who are hard working Gives you great opportunity to learn You will become a part of a big community Good place for those who like building things
Its still day 1 in Amazon because each day we learn new things.
Growth, Recognition, Perks, Regular motivational events, Support from the Managers
Unique company culture, a big company that feels like a startup, great technical challenges, really smart people
amazing initiative and ambition all around
Free AWS account. You get to learn a lot.
Culture, Stocks, Growth Opportunities, Development, Connections, the people, leadership principles
Culture, Stocks, Growth Opportunities, Development, Connections, the people, leadership principles
1. Abundance of opportunity to work on various business problems 2. Easy to shift between teams and intra-company
Fast, evolving, learn & unlearn, great colleagues, great work culture, good superior subordinate relation
Leadership driven, agile, independence to manage tasks on your own
Good work culture good reputation well recognised
Good opportunity and good management
Good culture, Good environment at work
creative and amazaing place to work
Chance to advance in role, able to get longer hours.
Good people around and people loose their mind Because of these metrics managers manipulate people here and make them fear of loosing their job and there is no pro regarding this .
best place to work ppl are really cool managers are cool for freshers its good lost to learn.
Good salary,simple work environment,fun activities,cheap food,professional work environment
Freedom to explore and grow your learning in the direction you want to
Atmosphere is great and find open minded people
Benefits are good, meal vouchers, insurance, transport
Strong leadership skills can be developed. Great Data and analytics. Very well defined processes. Team of overachievers you get to work with. Good experience for building portfolio.
Amazon offers a great platform to learn and grow. This is the best place to develop leadership qualities as well! It is totally onto us to use the opportunities.
It's the most cool place to work at and work and fun both come together
Absolutely blessed to work with Amazon
Free transport no work pressure free food and many employee benefits
Work culture is amazing and new things to learn
Work environment is best Can learn more than other plateform
teamwork, professional growth, always day 1, challenging , satisfying
1) Good Work 2) Full Support of manager in case of new initiatives
If you join Amazon at a leadership position, things might work great for you. If you join at an entry level position, you're in for a surprise.
Take the initiative to grow yourself. Flat hierarchy and depending on your manager one can direct the course of your own work
Good culture, nice projects, flexible timings
Learnings, Custosmer Obsession, Ability to change roles!
Great place to work. Lots of learning
* Work is not Rocket Science . *Amazing place to work a couple of years back . * Leaves and Vacation easy to get approved if planned well in advance . * Good Infrastructure.
* Work is not Rocket Science . *Amazing place to work a couple of years back . * Leaves and Vacation easy to get approved if planned well in advance . * Good Infrastructure.
no real stress from management untill its necessary
No one will stop you from trying a new idea Learn so much about building, delivering, and monitoring software Amazon values aren't just words - they live and breathe the values. Customer obsession is key. Its fun place to be at
Fast moving Quick learns Hit area to work in Quick promotion based on work
The best place to work. Good atmosphere.
free lunches and paid time off
Great enviroment, flexibility and learning
- Never have I heard the phrase to show supporting data more than at Amazon, truly a data driven company. - At the size of Amazon even small engineering problems prove to be an actually great and interesting challenge - Working with smart people, who genuinely want to help - Fixing even a minor issue or shipping a small feature impacts the life of a lot of people
Cab facilities, Food, employees, Team work, Week-offs
good environment, sometimes you get cake or ice-cream, if you are lucky and you got a very nice manager, there will be more bonus
good atmosphere and great culture
I enjoyed working at amazon. It has great work culture, lively environment and friendly seniors.
Joining Pay looks Good Initially Lots of learning will be here
None, none, none, none, none
A amazing place to learn and grow
Good company for freshers to start career
The people you meet. Company events, Discount.
great office culture less stress no pressure Leaves Great leaders
Often flexible hours, possibility of career growth and training, fast pace environment
Salary on time, Good incentives, multiple activities
awesome work environment and great facilities
Great place to work lots of benefits professional development
Best place to work Fabulous work environment Great facilities Best place to grow if you have that thing in you Process very good For a fresher great place to start career Employe centered company
- Fast-paced environment. - Opportunities to progress. - Support from leadership.
Learn a lot from a well structured and organized organization. Amazon have a great way of teaching you the skills needed for the next level. Great culture/office. Good benefits.
1) Good perks for interns 2) Helpful People
Culture and values are good.
Very innovative, a lot of new high technology tools, very efficient company working culture
Good for carrier, good packake chill environment
tons of good work to do
Excellent benefits Awesome coworkers Excellent environment Company invest in personal growing
Great work culture and great minds are always welcome here.
Take care of employee, internal growth options
Amazing Atmosphere. Work culture Good policies Good health benefits Good leave policies Emergency assistance
More ownership and learning the latest technologies. Working with great minds and talents in the industry.
Good office environment Good People Good management Two way cab provided
Good people to work with
I had a very good manager who was listening to every query and was there if needed. This manager also supported me in any way he could (by recommending me for te positions I wanted) in order to get the job of my dreams.
Healthy work life, process strongly
Employee Satisfaction, Friendly, Flexibility, Cab Facility
Amazing company, structured and organized, yet agile. Lots of resources, help and support.
Pathernity leave, no dress code, excellent managers, excellent teams.
Amazon as a company is just great, it has a lot of opportunities to develop your best and the options as the shuttle for free, the competitive salary, the doctor at the site and more are some of the reasons why I think that Amazon is the best place to work. Also, the environment here is awesome. People are happy most of the times, which helps you to work great and do your best to achieve your goals.
Good and flexible work environment
They are always bound to ethic. Best place to work @ and company to work for...
The best thing I find about Amazon is that I can constantly improve myself. The 14 principles if followed like the Ten Commandments will surely make you the best on your Day1 and all the Day 1s to follow. Also, Amazon makes it a point that an employee is never forced to come as they please, we have our own freedom of what we choose to look like, dress like which are great components of building self confidence in you and trusting your employer.  We are here to deliver results and for each result delivered small or large we are appreciated and advised to push ourselves to improve each tym and break our boundaries.  And last but no least the level of patience that it has to the employee makes it feel like a family and not a organization running behind profits.
One of the best company
Direct access to real users of the app
A great place to be recruited. You learn every single day a skill, great work environment.
Literally none. Cold conditions and no benefits.
- The culture is authentic, truly inspiring - Leadership principles at the core of everything we do - Flat structure, you can talk to anyone - Opportunities for progression, genuine employee mobility - Ownership of the company, shares as part of comp plan - Very bright individuals playing for the team - Investment in people and functions is unparalleled - Failure is seen as part of growing, learning opportunity - Bias for action, for those who don't like sitting around, this is a massive plus - Training is constant and of high caliber. No one does Cloud like AWS. - Long term focus, for someone who has lived life on a quarter-by-quarter basis, this is refreshing and opens up an opportunity to create something bigger - You feel like you are part of and making history
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon. Work culture is at par with any other Company.
International Standards and equal treatment across all level of employees. Separate budget for each team for fun activity and refreshers
Best team, highly driven and competitive environment. fast paced
New technologies real world problems
good environment and good staffs
weekly paid. 4 days working 3 days off. always overtime available
- Type of Work is awesome
Friendly environment to work No dress code Scheduled job timings Transport facility Great Incentives Good salary packages
Base pay above average, nice contribution from stocks
Employee Satisfaction, Friendly, Flexibility, Cab Facility
Brand name and HR colleagues from promise b school
Working from the comfort of your own home
Opportunities to develop your skills, try new products/features before going to market, opportunities to develop projects or initiatives that impact society, build strong relationship with different internal stakeholders that help you improve your own day-to-day job
good work culture, great incentives, great people
Got knowledge about finance and application like OracleR12 tool , experiencing the challenges,
Best place to work Great culture
We have good benefits along with our salary
Lots of advancement opportunities 4 day work weeks (most of the time) Relatively good pay Technically strong colleagues
friendly environment: good team & coworkers
Good benefits and nice work environment.
Transparency, opportunities great leadership team and I am not a puppet whom the managers has asked to leave a good review this is a honest review truly great
Good company, great opportunity for motivated people
Great responsibilities, fast pace environment, work culture
Good place to work. Work culture and Higher management is awesome
Fair opportunities Stress free work culture
- You will learn how to work efficiently and manage stress. - You will also learn about large scale backend systems. - Money is good. - Nice entry in the resume.  If you feel like you're objectively smarter than everyone, constantly have to carry your lazy colleagues to complete projects, and barely receive any compensation for that, Amazon might work for you.
Company does things that make an impact. Fast paced and lot to learn
Good paid salary, free food
1.Excellent work culture. 2.Good benefits for Women employees.
Good benefits and nice work environment.
Awesome work culture, lot of fun activities internally. No Sir/Madam place.
One of the best organization in world
Smart people, culture of getting things done
1. Fantastic peer group- some of the highest IQ people you will find in any org. 2. Cutting edge processes & programs in the E-commerce space 3. Good Salary+ Stocks + Joining Bonus
Fantastic place to work Learn and grow.
Best Place to work. Best Place to earn
Superb job culture, fun atmosphere, colleagues who are more like family
Amazing culture and pay with good benefits
Learning, Best place to work for freshers
A lot of responsibility and autonomy, opportunities to be involved in some very exciting projects and programs.
working environment is okay
Good benefits Great open working culture
Team leader are well known about process..they are guiding us in simple language...safety is most important here.
Very good management and friendly staff
1. Good work life balance 2. Friendly and helpful co-workers. 3. Cab services
Its my best time in my professional carrier. I love to work in Amazon because of hear we learn new things every day, hear i can invent new ideas to make operation easy and help full for my team mates.
If you have the right skills then its very easy to grow in this company.
People in your team except the manager are very strong in technical knowledge. You get to learn a lot of from these people. They have standard build tools, so you don't have to fight a lot over pitty issues of build process.
Its still Day1. Multiple technologies to expand your knowledge and take control of your career
Benefits, good environment, Amazon culture
Initial package was good and the best work atmosphere
Nice work culture and flexibile working hours
the work is to make sure no fraud lent activity in amazon platform
Great people, nice building, good benefits, some internal courses, working from home a day or 2 in the week depending on manager.
Good Environment around the place
Money good enough. 3 days off.
Good work culture and environment
The work ethics and culture.
Work culture is the best thing here. Learning is continuous but it is self motivation. Oppertunities to grow in different sectors when passion is showcased.
Work culture is the best thing here. Learning is continuous but it is self motivation. Oppertunities to grow in different sectors when passion is showcased.
Good work environment if you have a good/fair manager, you can improve your skills and develop your career.
Fun Filled work with People
Perks, good infrastructure, work environment, cab facility
Everything is good the work environment n salary
- Good pay - Interesting projects
Private Medical Insurance for all CR employees Learn the Amazon Culture - This will help you in any job Growth Opportunities - You don't need to stay in one place, Amazon has thousands of opportunities for you to move around, learn, experience and achieve your goals
No. 26 in the top 500 companies
Amazing work environment, growth opportunities and benefits.
There is no limit. Nobody will tell you "you can't do that". You could end up talking to a high level engineer and is not going to point fingers for doing it.
I have been in this company for almost 3 years and I have been given the possibility to grow as person and worker. Amazon provides your daily growing opportunities and I cannot think about any other company so focused on employees development.
Everything is a Pro at Amazon except for one thing which sounds unfair to me. Work Culture Work Lifestyle People! Infrastructure Colorful Interiors Cafeteria Food Events Parties Hardware which employees use You can scale up quick Shares!!! Mobile Bill Claim Internet Bill Claim Gym Bill Claim Education Bill Claim Medical Bill Claim Travel allowance
"You get to learn a lot while working here" Good culture and weekly offs and rotational shifts
Best place to worn and the work culture is just amazing, very supportive managers, no dress code like other companies. We at amazon always follow one rule work hard, have fun & create history.
Great environment Good pay Flexible working hours
Amazon is a great place to work, You get paid well enough for the work you do and not only that we get tons of opportunity to develop our skill set, move into new roles. The work environment is really good. As an employee you are valued as a wonderful asset to the company and no matter what people from all hierarchy level support you if you need any assistance regarding any type of issue which does not happen in most of the places . Benefits are the best part in the company be it leaves or additional medical benefits.
Decent amount of hours per week. Good benefit coverage but it could be better.
From Logistics Perspective , you get good exposure and learn many things fast, and there is numerous Opportunities to move to different teams or countries within Amazon
Fully customer centric company. There is no so much target/sales pressure. The main thing is building good relationship with end user and fulfill their needs.
good fun Challenging work here
-Good leave Policies: Amazon provides one of the best policies when it comes to general and maternity leaves. -Work culture in general is good. -Company promotes inclusive environment. -The span in which you get eligible for an IJP is low (as low as 3 months in CS).
To work with present association is great with which team i have and i got excelent experience with these all.
Stock options for L4 employees and above Free Transport Meal Pass
good culture and weekly offs and rotational shifts
1. Salary 2. Flexible timings 3. Stock options 4. Lot of smart people to work with. 5. Can easily switch teams within India as well as outside India.
Learning and working on the latest technologies. Amazon culture and the work environment is really very good. Growth and recognition Work life balance
Very good work-life balance and lot of opportunities to learn new technology
Great pay, good work life balance
Amazing culture. Great opportunity to learn & become a better leader.
Good Workplace and Friendly Management
Good Workplace and Friendly Management
Love the fact that you are pushed to become a better version of yourself through the leadership principles. In addition my role is really engaging and with lots of future careers opportunities.
Good Workplace and Friendly Management
While you do your job, everything is ok, you're free to take decisions in order to help customers and more.
Only the fact that at that time and at that project it was work from home.
As Amazon is MNC brand. Helps in future.
Employee friendly, the leadership principles are actually demonstrated
Nice place to work, a lot to learn
- cutting edge technology - many of opportunities to learn automation and scripting - work with a number of smart peoples
High salary, dynamic work environment
1. Better pay than market standards 2. Friendly environment
Opportunity to work on cutting edge technologies
I knew this is a reputed company
No pros for this company
Overtime payment more than decent and available most of the time, lots of different people from all walks of life, clean workplace, cheap canteen
Excellent office atmosphere to work in
great working environment , and great compensation.
Good ambiance Better environment Good facilities Better opportunity Builds once carieer
High working standards Flexible work hours
Work culture, salary and benefits
amazing place to work in
have great work life balance, helpful
Its been 3.6 years in Amazon. I love working at Amazon because am able to balance my professional and personal life. Amazon is a place where everyone can work because of the friendly work environment.
Work culture is too good
Good company and good shares. A very good location to work
the shift are 4 days on and 3 days off
competitive salary, career growth opportunities, stock bonus
The best place to work
Great place to learn and innovate. U will find lot of people who are very experienced and u are free to move to your line of interest
Amazon is the best company to work where you will be working with some of the smartest people in the world.
It's always Day 1! The innovation never stops. We're at the heart of the global IT transformation. Amazon is incredibly customer-centric, we think long-term, driven by the benefits for our customers.
Growth and recognition, Friendly leadership
There are a lot of advantages in be part of Amazon, someone like me with a lot of experience in call centers can say without any doubt, Amazon is the best place to work in Costa Rica, here you have, not a few, but a lot of growing opportunities, you can also go to the university at the time that you are working in the best place, if you need permission due to a family issue, Amazon managers are train to help you, even if you need to get out of the country for some time, you just request permission and go, I would not stop talking about good thing, no other place is like Amazon.
Lots of benefits Great environment
Competitive in the cloud market
- Friendly environment - Nice Offices - Very nice and helpful colleagues - Funny work activties around Christmas time
5 days working, 2 week offs. High paid salary for L4 and above levels
Work Culture is great, Knowledge hub of talented people.
great environment and you get to meet talented individuals
best minds to work with.
Awesome, best company. I loved it
Dynamic company gives you a lot of exposure
Amazon's leadership principles Culture Developing leaders Focus on creating mechanisms
I am very glad to be working in Amazon.Work culture are really nice.Amazon policies are flexibility with all employee.
Great benefits, great bonus, a lot of schedules, a lot of flexibility, Amazon loves people . Amazon is simply the best place to work. No dress code,
Opportunities EVERY SINGLE DAY. Amazing work environment. Everyday is a challenge, it never gets boring.
* There's a lot of chances to grow in the company * Free Private Medical Insurance * Free transportation * Competitive salary
I have grown tremendously within Amazon. It is hands-down the best company I've worked for and there are countless growth opportunities, regardless of the specialty. As something that happened to me, if your career path is far from a Customer Service world, you can still develop a variety of skills that will help you grow personally as well.
You get to work on a variety of new technologies
working environment is very good, work ethics. good place to start your work. very helpful peers.
More than 40 hours per week
5 days working, 2 week offs. High paid salary for L4 and above levels
good work culture free meals coupons free laptop
Insurance benefits, nice work environment, career opportunities.
Positive environment and amazing people to work with
Lot of employee centred policy and benefits . Management from US tries a lot to create transparent and good environment.
It's genuine company and it is world's largest and greatest company.. Iam excited to work
All the bebefits de have
non at the moment. our experience was not good.
there are lots of smart people around. most of the people are very friendly. you'll learn lots of new approaches to solve problems. working here will imrpove your perspective. payscale is good.
Very good work culture and management is always good.
Good leadership principles Flexible working hours
Work culture was good initially
The whole company is like a family and the people are supportive and since day 1 you'll love the place and the work and you'll be proud of what you're doing.
Paid writings And any easy jobs
Culture and colleagues High performance driven Growth , learning opportunities
Work from home position, self schedule management options, company´s customer service obsession teach you a lot as well as the data protection policies.
You get to work for a popular company.
to get more knowledge on bussiness and in engineering
Great, honest, working culture, pay scale
Everything is awesome! Good job!
The product is so low priced. So low it's leaving no profit for them, for online competitors and especially bricks and mortar retail stores. Thus killing hundreds of thousands of jobs all over the world in retail. But at least Jeff Bezos is rich. The richest man in the world! Congrats Bezos, how much is enough? And to the detriment of how many jobs, lives and companies. I know quite a few people personally that can say they closed their businesses down directly because of Amazon.
Entrepreneurial, lots of opportunity to lead and innovate
beautiful building, bonus and zeta card
Good team and work environment
Good things are there to be learnt , good salary , employees are friendly.
pay was alright. work place was close to my home
Working on projects on a large scale
+ dynamic + good team + challenging tasks
Open to changes and negative thoughts so that they can improve their services
Open to changes and negative thoughts so that they can improve their services
Good colleague, Awesome working atmosphere
For a customer support profile, there are none.
Rapid growing environment, a lot of prospect to improve yourself and take your career to the next level.
Good people, Environment to grow, Internal Job posting Priority
environment, friendly people and staffs
Good Salary Flexible working hours
Amazing atmosphere, safe environment, lots of opportunities, respectful management, benefits. I'm really happy to work here.
amazing work culture, work ethics ,amazing transportation team , amazing cafeteria, amazing working environment.
Incentives will be good .
Good environment Growth opportunities Rotational shifts
You wil not fell to go out of Amazon due to its work culture.
Project and vision of the company is good
Work Life Balance , Good Compensation, Employee centered
Nothing I was bullied
-Cutting edge technology and customer offering -Theoretical vision and capabilities (Leadership Principles)
really good payments and benefits
Good Company Good Salary and hike Good Office space
Additional benefits and a good level exposure for work
Its one of the best companies to work
Largest organization in the world
I moved to Amazon from another multinational corporation one year ago and from my personal development, it was the best move I could have done. The environment here is really challenging which makes you constantly alert and it pushes you towards your best results. I definitely feel I have learned more in this one year than during the whole last years with a different employer
Great environment, feedback based company. Benefits (Transportation, amenities, insurance, compensation, etc). Skills and knowledge gained.
This is a constant MBA - I do not need to look for anything else outside.
Freedom, no much pressure, management, HR teams
- A lot of freedom to work on what you want
More Chances to work as a team,Work environment is pleasant to deal.
Feels good to work with a multinational company, has different benefits and it is time to time job. They would pay for overtime if they expect you to work more than usual.
Great and open working culture
No work pressure, you can take leaves any time except during the peak days. For freshers it is will be like a heaven. Incentives and more
Good working Culture, get to learn how to work in pressure, exciting goodies and refreshments to motivate employees to do Over Time.
Great place to learn a wide variety of things.
Good salary - £37,500 + £4,500 starting bonus + £5,000 relocation + 27 shares.
Peculiar culture, friendly attitude, flat, very easy to approach, Amazon is highly organized in any single part of the work. I referred many of my highly skilled contacts to Amazon and I am proud to be an Amazonian. here we really can change the world.
salary is really really satisfying
a lot of young people
Best work life and good growth
Great place and work culture
Amazon is world largest E-Commerce organization.
Friendly No restrictions about dress code
Friendly No restrictions about dress code
Easy job , great people to meet.
Amazing benefits and co workers
1. The culture at Amazon is it's number one USP. It's just awesome. There is so much energy and activity. So many ideas and leaders actively seeking these idea..... it's uplifting and addictive! 2. The customer obsession here is legendary. There are so many stories, that it makes you feel proud to be a part of the organization no matter which department you work for. The focus is always the customer. 3. The freedom to disagree and be heard is another factor. If you are one of those who does not follow the crowd and don't hesitate to stand up for your own ideas, this place is for you, as long as you do it all respectfully. Amazon is one of the very few organization that actively encourages non-conformity and also gives you a platform to put forward your viewpoint without the fear of persecution from management. In fact the merits of your idea are explored and, if it's convincing enough, it becomes the operational procedure. 4. The CEO is another great reason. I just love Jeff, he is "the man" with "the vision". And this organization is only going to grow as long as he is at the helm. He is that rare person who keeps his principles and yet mints profits. 5. Growth opportunities are numerous, for those who are passionate about their job. And the chance to take lateral movements and explore other departments is always available. 6. Amazon is an environmentally conscious organization. Their efforts as an organization to embrace renewable resources and sustainable practices makes me proud to be associated with them. 7. The value system here is unshakable. Everything runs on the leadership principles you will hear about very often and these are diligently applied. There will always be a few bad apples and Amazon has great systems to catch and remove them before too much damage is done. 8. Employee friendly organization. When you have a personal crisis and need support, you can count on your managers and HR to come through.  I can go on and on, but I think I pretty much made the point. If you get the opportunity to work for Amazon. TAKE IT, you will not regret it.
Great to learn to lead a team and develop yourself into people manager
Good work culture and diversity.
1) Non-technical job 2) Weekend off
Awesome company to work with
the best place to work
Work-life balance and people are supportive
Everything good , hike and salary very good
I must say its one of the best place to work, if you are tech savy and want to learn then must work in Amazon. Work life balance and comp is good. No one will stop here your creative brain, its not boss or manager driven company but 100%Engineer driven company. I luv working in Amazon.
Worked Mon, Tues, Thurs, Fri
none apart from free hot chocolate
All the best qualities about this place are gone with the wind.
People that Amazon attracts are awesome, that's why I couldn't stand watching how they waste their lives there
Work life balance Good environment Employee benefits
Flexible Environment Brand Name Very high bar on process
Managers approachable and chilled out. Lot of knowledge to grab if there is willingness. Very employee friendly about leaves and compensation
Startup culture and thing move fast.
Good work environment, Excellent growth opportunities,
Bosses were decent, friendly environment
Hardworking, Benefits at the first day, Course payment after one year, Associates get two stocks for free, opportunity to career growth
Good learning environment Great perks
Great benefits and hours for employees
Cantine food was decent.  Coworkers were generally easy to get on with.
good office infrastructure and good cafeteria
good for work and in total nice
benefits shares and medical insurance are the things keeping people in the job the night rate is not bad
I really really loved environment which is completely different from any other company feels more relaxed And managers are also like co employees
they have the best work environment
Good quotes of amazon in all the customer
Big company. Expectations of future. No seniority with experience.
Multinational environment Smart colleagues Very dinamic day-to-day activities
1. Interesting work environment. Nothing else
* Get chance to work with brilliant minds * Decent Salary * Quarterly team outings * Provides Work from home option when ever required * Safe place for women employee
Innovation, Flexible ,Fast change,Culture,Brand & Values .
Flexi emergency hours and shares are a nice bonus
Amazing work culture Continuous growth Team bonding
Perfect place to start your career with.Best place to work.
Perfect place to start your career with.Best place to work.
Excellent Work Culture Decent Growth Opportunities
Great atmosphere to work with
- Irrespective of your performance, you get 6 monthly/half-yearly increment without any negotiations! - If one intends to grow within organization, its a Great Place to Work - Performance Bonus / OT payments are quite cool. - Managers here do get Shares and many more benefits!
Good place to work here
Mnc company, two weeks off
Very Chill environment and people
I've been at Amazon for a month now, and I've seen none of the horror stories being communicated to the public, although Amazon is a large enough company that I'm sure there are good pockets and bad pockets. Everyone here is really smart, and wants to succeed both personally, and as a company. People collaborate and help each other, focus on data, and truly focus on the customer. Every company I've ever worked for talks about how important the customer is, but on day 2, they're forgotten. Amazon seems to genuinely focus on what's best for the customer, and it's awesome to be in meetings where people actually bring that up, and make decisions focused on long-term customer satisfaction.  The opportunities to learn here are literally unlimited, and the opportunity to take on new responsibility is as well. I honestly believe you can be as awesome as you want here.
Friendly environment and liberty to work, best place to work at.
great working environment and flexible working hours
great working environment and flexible working hours
Great perks such as working from home and RSU's (restricted shares)
Good Working Environment Proper Breaks
Amazon provides work life balance
best is good vibes best is all the back ad team support and any other different things
Good learning environment in company.
The best place to work.
Work with smart people. Work with high quality development tools and frameworks. Work on stuff that makes a difference. Switch positions (teams, roles) easily. Learn a lot.
They value your personal time. Sure there will be days when you re expected to go beyond and deliver and in most cases you'll realize this yourself. If you plan in advance your holidays are respected and work is scheduled around. Great facilities.
Smart People ,ownership, Structure and thinking, Great compensation
Stock options are very good. People around here live the principles every day and remind you to do so. It's not just an inspirational text.
Rapid Advancement if your willing to put in the work.Ability to develop leadership skills. Decent pay.medical and other benefits
No dress code and got opportunity for Freshers to start with a brand
you will love to work in Amazon
Good work culture, good environment
Salary , good environment, benefits
Amazing work culture at Amazon
You can apply to any role you are interested within amazon without consulting your manager, they are very open to employee applying to other positions within the company. This way if you have new opportunities you don't have to hesitate to apply immediately
The only positive is that they make you work double at a very low salary if you feel that is a positive!
good working environment for growth
Salary competitive in BC, great colleague s to work with
Freedom to voice out, Cool place to work. Faster growth
Great opportunities to improve your skills. Large availability of documentation and trainings. Huge community willing and ready to help.
Leadership principles. Most of the times, strong hiring process. Internal opportunities.
- Amazon is a great place to learn and understand what it means to work with large scale systems. The Amazon infrastructure is massive and in the 1,5 years I am here there still a lot of new things to learn.  - There are lots and lots of developers with various different technical backgrounds from whom you can learn.  - There are lots of benefits and good compensation that the company provides.  - There is a lot of flexibility that developers have to plan their own time and the hierarchical structure is very flat, meaning you can speak to any of your managers etc.
- Update with the latest services AWS has to offer. - A better understanding of the services so that we can better assist our customers. - People you work with are of the best people to work with.
the salary was OK, not great
You are expected to learn and you'll have a lot of time to do that. Sign up bonus, sometimes relocation bonus, excellent compensation. You are working with the best, even though they are humble and they help you in anything you need (but don't expect them to spend a lot of time explaining, just ask for directions on where to find the documentation).
Salary , growth , job opportunities , dynamicity , scope
great workplace and a good place to grow
All amazon employees are very professional, and passionate to process their jobs. If you want to do something here, there are many resource to be used. All technical problem or topic, everybody can always give dive deep answer and willing to share their knowledge
Meritocratic, fast moving environment, smart management
Very googd company to work with.
Lots of teams to shift to. And many smart people around.
Good facilities and good flexibility
good work environment management is good
I was enthused about working for Amazon for two reasons: One, I’d already heard that it was a great place to work, and that it was pioneering in many areas, and Two, I saw it as an opportunity to move from test-related roles to pure software development
Good place to start your career.
Offers a good package and big opportunities for a career. It is better for a senior perspective rather than an starting position.
High salary, brand value, learning.
Fast, innovative, rotation programme, great location
Quick Pace, fellow associates are great to work with. Managers and PA's are also great to work with.
Good Company to work for and has a lot of pros
work culture is one of the main reason to work at Amazon
vacation time is good and mostly not accounted
nice, good, motivative, having chance for development
Decent pay, good hours, overtime nearly always available
Great leadership experience. Very fast faced. Lots to learn.
Work environment, facility condition staff professionalism. Relatively high compensation.
Good Work Environment, Good Name
Get to learn alot, good to start
- flexibility - great people - free parking - great environment - WFH
* Get chance to work with brilliant minds * Complete ownership of the tasks you work on * Good salary & Lot of perks (Transport reimbursement, internet health) * Monthly/Bi weekly team outings
Best Company Till Date.
Food is awesome and work from home.
Work culture is good in Amazon, the best place to work with and no work pressure I always want to go back to Amazon. Com
Good work culture in the office
Fixed Schedule Benefits of insurance Learning the E-commerce Business Name game
Cool, young enviroment, modern offices, equipment, good training, shares.
good work environment friendly colleagues Good managers
good work environment friendly colleagues Good managers
Culture Workplace - Clean and Comfortable People Facilities provided Easy Access to data
Great place to work, nothing much to complain about. They have got everything covered for you.
1. VCS is a good opportunity for people who do not want to work from an office and like the comfort of their homes to work.
Lots of learning , talented people, promotion ,
- good balance work life
max enjoyment and good working experience
Good Salary. On time Salary. Food coupons
Great place to learn and grow
Modern office, flexible working hours, great atmosphere, management support and understanding, growing opportunities
Modern office, flexible working hours, great atmosphere, management support and understanding, growing opportunities
Best workplace environment. Good packages.
Can learn many things here.
None at that comes to my mind.
Friendly environment work from home option work life balance
Redundant, monotonous work in the team
fast paced, exciting, opportunity to develop
Stress free,resting period perfectly suits for women needed break.
- Transparency in hiring processes - Several Career Opportunities in different areas - Excellent organizational enviroment - Strong company culture and engagement - Great leadership with a balanced focus on the employee and customer
Best Organization to work with.
Customer focus and Bias for action gives lot of flexibility. Friendly peers.
Competitive pay Fast pace environment Commitment to safety Customer obsession Growth opportunities
1.Work environment is good. 2.Managers listen to your point of view. 3.Managers are quick in solving problems related to work. 4.Colleagues are good and they are helping in nature.
With the right data, you can have a huge influence on decision-making and the business in general. There's a strong corporate culture that everyone buys into, facilitating discussion and consensus-building around shared values. You'll get to build things on a scale rarely matched by other companies.
Good compensation on site opportunities
It's a great company to work with.
Good salary and stocks. option to learn new technology.
Innovative Methodology, Freedom at work, Think Big, Pay leader in the Market, Excellent Benefits
Great growth opportunities Awesome people, nice work and work culture
Best place to work. Friendly environment. Lot of opportunities to learn and implement. Work from home and vacation policies are the best. No shift timings. No dress code :)
A continuous challenge to reach the daily objective.
* The talent is amazing - love working with new hires and old timers * Exciting businesses always focused on the customer in every decision * Challenging projects and work to really make an impact
Good fun environment that encourages people to speak up and voice their views. I have been working for Amazon for over a year and really love it. This company really puts the customer first. Some of the places that I worked before only really believed that they put the customer first.
Amazing people and environment to learn from. Love the quick pace and ability to move fast. Customer Obesssion is truly on full display at Amazon
Flexible to work,Good culture at work .We can shine in a short period of time .
Results Is what all Matters
* Many learning opportunities * Very dynamic environment and adapt to change is fast * Get to design, implement and own large systems * Complex working environment gives more clarity and high customisation * Good compensation
Opportunity to work with cutting edge processes and technology. Gain industry experience knowledge quicker than any other company. Be rewarded with excellent salary, shares and benefits.
Everything is just woow an amazing.
great work life balance, wonderful atmosphere, less pressure and can learn a lot
Amazon is an amazing company that invest on your growth
Good work environment and good culture
Good Pay and good recognized company
Nice team, good salary, lots of fun
Fast pace International culture Lead-your-own-career mindset Compensation is above average fr the supply-chain industry
Career Progression, Remuneration, Work mobility, Work-life balance
No pros... except that you can tell your friends .. heyy.. i work at amazon.. and thats it
Amazing work culture, unparalleled technical expertise, State of the art technology, amazing office infrastructure. We swear by our leadership principles and live by them everyday that we work at Amazon
Best place for a women
Great to work. Fantastic place
Dynamic Working Environment. Work from Home. Challenging & Scope for Responsibilities. The Best Work Culture Out there Is.
Pros are benefits, paid public transportation, multisport card, stocks and holidays.
Very Great working environment I found there
Good place to work and learn.
Good Salary Potential Meet Friends
Benefits starting day one Only some benefits are worth it The entire job employment and everything is done online digitally
Pro: The only reason I even took this job was so I can have Amazon on my resume. And the year I spent there worked out. I received so many call backs just because I worked for Amazon ( even though I learned nothing). So would I go through this hell of a low paying job again? I mean it did land my high paying job, but that also is dependent on how you advertise to your next employer how you did so much at amazon otherwise, DO NOT TAKE THE JOB.
Good work, Amazing work culture, Team work, Great office, Allowance
Flexible timings Complete ownership of projects Full transparency A lot of senior engineers to learn from
Best Working Environment and Opportunities to develop yourself to the best.
Best Working Environment and Opportunities to develop yourself to the best.
Good work life balance
Every necessary information is documented to make it easier to do self help Customer focus and Bias for action gives lot of flexibility and be more productive High energy and high speed organization
Good Salary and benefits of employment
Friendly environment to work, scope of learning, scope of growth,
Excellent communication, teamwork, adm organization and growth.
Very good and well to learn new things
Multicultural environment, quite good benefits , travel pass allowance and additional vacations in case you have child, helpful people, good place where to beggin, if you are in the part of the team that does payroll preparation then you can learn a lot about legislation
various shift available to an employee
good share plan, flexible working if you are in an EU team, alot of smart people, very strong culture and company vision - always something exciting. Great MBA program.
Open work culture, no dress code, no hierarchy, no formal culture , Good pay, work from home opportunities, easy to switch the profile, etc.
Being challenged every day to raise the bar. Having real ownership at all levels Working with brilliant people, who are extremely intelligent and innovative Self development and continuous learning promoted and very much part of the culture. Encouragement to try new ways and learn from mistakes, seen as a real strength.
I am working with in a challenging position
Amazon is best place to work, changes are very frequent which makes it's employees very innovative. Lot of things to learn.
* The rewards and recognition process provides a drive to work towards getting extra funds in order to better yourself in near future.
Collaborative environment, fast paced , exciting and innovative
Positive culture and real life workable shift schedules. Equal opportunity career paths regardless of tenure status High focus on customer experience improvement for customers and employees Optional opportunities for self development are available for learning in personal time No strict leadership hierarchy Dynamic and continuous change, company does not remain static in it's daily routine
Just for reference I've been with Amazon working in finance for almost two years at the time of this review.  The place has the spirit of a startup but without funding constraints and to me this has been a permanent MBA in terms of continuous learning and experiences with top managers/peers. It is a very hands on company, you are the main character when it comes to your area of responsibility and see the direct impact on the business as well as local community of your decisions.  The company really puts its own employees first when it comes to career growth/new opportunities. This is a fast growing company and provided results are there you do get growth opportunities as meritocracy is applied.
Great job until 2016, worst after 2017
Lots of overtime Dont have to deal with anyone
Good work place. Keep learning
Get the chance to work with great people, from all over the world. Get a lot of chances to see other job roles in different departments. Lot's of opportunities for improvement. I have serious mental health issues, and the company has been so supportive, not many companies are. I am encouraged to be myself.
Great work environment, great salary and growth
Nice environment to learn and work independently
young and vibrant and energetic employees
- Training material and content to assist with job is available, leaving it up to you. If you want to ace in your job. There is room for growth and learning. In health and safety field probably one of most safety driven companies. We are given room for testing and implement new changes.
Very good to work n excel
Relaxed work environment Great company values
You get to learn a lot in a very short period of time, and is actually helpful to boost your career
good organisation healthy work environment
We had lot of fun there. They have very chilling environment in there office.
Employee benefits, work culture, equal oppurtunities for growth
Great operational procedures and really smart people who work there
- Exposed to managerial role
Work with very smart people around. Exposure to digital tools.
Good management (Media Group) Fast growth
Great place to start your career.
High Growth. Lots of opportunities
Excellent work place for growth and to improve our skills
"Good Total Comp package (including benefits and work life balance)
Home based work, If you don't have any other opportunity.
Awesome work environment, flexible life
It has Great work culture
Good salary Competitive Growth Development opportunities
Great work environment and good encouragement of innovative ideas
Workplace fun  Like minded people around
Excellent work place for growth and to improve our skills
Steep learning curve, working on new things all the time, fast paced.
Good work atmosphere and great opportunity to grow
I like very much to work in Amazon
Workplace fun  Like minded people around
Good Exposure to latest Development Stack
Steep learning curve, working on new things all the time, fast paced.
Good work atmosphere and great opportunity to grow
I like very much to work in Amazon
Amazon has a very decent culture. Provide alot to learn
Free seasonal fruit Can do home office Can start between 0600-1000 in the morning You are in charge of how you work and when you want to take a break you can easily do so
Great learning experience. Career growth.Customer focus.
Work from home easily available
No pressure to reach SLAs. Women friendly environment
Great salary, Nice work Culture
Good work life balance, good promotion hierarchy, good transportation facility, excellent office and surrounding, best management team, best far sighted leader- Jeff Bozos.
Good Exposure to latest Development Stack
Amazing work environment at work place
1. Great Co-workers 2. Nice work culture
paylisp possibility to learn how to deal with jerks
Good Package, Friendly Environment, Huge Areas to Explore
Good paycheck, interesting benefits, friendly environment.
A really great company to work at
Good customer service, but only to build up customer base for long term growth, not because they really cared about the customer.
Good work culture Good atmosphere Great place to work for it's work style
Work Culture, Environment, Great amenities,Fun,other activities
Learning, Trainings, smart collegues, cool customers, good salary
Great place to work. Good learning environment.
The work culture is the best in class
You got what you should have get. Good experience
Good place to work and also best pay in the market
Many things to learn in company
Massive potential to do good social impact investment work. Attracts good people.
You can get into good positions if you have a family members that have a good position or if you sleep with someone with a good position
You can get into good positions if you have a family members that have a good position or if you sleep with someone with a good position
Good and enthusiastic work environment , Obviously salary, Work Culture and pressure varies from person to person.
Working in TRMS section work is good no pressure in working and are giving good insentives
Well organized and top company and we can gain more knowledge.
Find new lows to the human condition on a regular basis.
More Salary Than Other Companies for similar role
Good Salary and brand name
Good work culture Friendly atmosphere No dress code
Work culture, open door policy, attractive incentives and CTC par ahead than rest of the companies
Good Package, Office cabs, Meal coupons, Nice workplace
Good place to work with
Environment is good for the budding engineers to learn how Software as Service and product is developed and maintained.
Cab facilities, Work life balance
Looks great on paper, good potential for growth if you are willing to work weekdays, weeknights and while you sleep.
Business/Operational Metrics driven decision making Innovation friendly Awesome Document driven culture Periodic Roadmaps & Business reviews Engineer driven bottom-up pyramid culture Small Teams - Two Pizza Team culture Business is so dive
Best work in sealer management
High caliber of everyone you work with.
Amazing work culture and people.
Great Work culture Learning on a daily basis Making sure you think out of the box Being agile to adopt to any change rapidly
Learn a lot. Good leadership
Learn a lot. Good leadership
Lots of opportunities, global openings, great customer focus
Great pay rate, great equipment to help you with your work, not bad benefits, people with great experience
perks, environment, salary and self development
Very good benefits and work culture
Good Opportunity to Learn and Develop
Pay is good and everyone is friendly. Onsite canteen is cheap and the food isn’t terrible. School meals basically.
iam happy to work here because of their sincerity and timely payment,not only that they are well developed and and were honest and shows their happy gratitude with others
It gives a lot to us
All are pros there apart from the inside politics which is everywhere
Always something to learn competitive wage in Munich
Cool workplace to work with
4 days work, 3 days off, benefits, free transport, cheap lunch
Great culture, very smart people
Cool environment, enough growth opportunities
great salary they offer, highest as per company standard
A lot of innovation opportunities in many different aspect of IT including networking, security, storage, databases, big data, streaming and machine learning. The stock price was growing very well in the last few years
Best work Culture with balanced life
-- Working with the best talent in the industry. -- Smooth transition between teams. -- Lot of collaboration between teams on cases, helps to expand your knowledge base.
all incentives , pay , perks are the best in class.
Good administration and transparent process
work from home Flexible shifts easy targets good team members
The leadership principles matter. You can have real business discussions centered around them, all leaders act on them, and senior leadership constantly reinforce them. These are a big plus for me because it helps connect generally typical office work to meaningful goals. There are tons of growth opportunities available so you can find work that is interesting and switch it up once you are ready for a new challenge
A really good place to work
nothing to say about pros
Amazon is a place which provides - Tremendous opportunities to make an impact - Provides authority and responsibility - Great place to learn and grow - Opportunity to work with lot of super smart people - Management style which encourages risk taking and ownership  Disclaimer: I work in tech side of Amazon. So above are my observations in tech side of the organization. I do not have visibility into other parts of Amazon (say fulfillment, retails etc)
The company is always growing, the working conditions are good
They provide good training and facilities.
very easy to work for
Growing business, Possibility to work in multiple new business, Fast paced Environment
Growing business, Possibility to work in multiple new business, Fast paced Environment
Good pay and staff ethic
amazon always provide comfortable zone and space to employees to work
Challenging/ no monotonous environment and great Colleagues
Good pay, stock options ( AMZN stock is doing really well on NASDAQ), good ownership and visibility, respecting management
Respect, Freedom, Responsibilities, Ownership, Good place for learning
- High salary among Tech Giants - Aggressive and fast paced environment - Customer Centric Innovation
The culture and opportunities we get
Fast pace environment with intelligent colleagues
Good and challenging Work culture
Process oriented team so good learning
Diverse culture and lot to learn
I have been working at Amazon full-time (More than 2 year ago).  I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon Internally. Best Environment to work and the awesome and supportive colleagues who are always ready to support you. Work culture is at par with any other Company. No Dress code like Formal attire. Provides authority and responsibility for all the employees and Great place to learn and grow. One of the best Pros is the Package it provides as compared to other similar organizations and also Amazon provide Work From Home facility which is also awesome.
Travel Flexibility Open to sharing ideas mentorship
- Flexible hours - Good pay
Work values and culture is good
No dress code thats it
Marketing division - Interesting work - Great career opportunities - Agile environment - Individual ownership of tasks - Flexibility and ability to enable change - Global information sharing - Very data driven and led
its a world most customer centric company
Great pay, smart people all around
Great pay, smart people all around
Great place to work, Amazing team
Very good job Easy Working Environment
Tension free, friendly team and manager or really cool
Less salary..... managers team lead
Perks and atmosphere are very positive
Ability to move internally as per your evolving career needs Managerial support as required for growth
The work culture, no specific dress culture, people to work with make your work much more fun and you feel like going to office even on week offs. Its like a best place to hangout and get paid for the work which you do.
Amazing place to work, great environment and plenty of room to grow with multiple amazing opportunities to develop a career path. Excellent peers, amazing management, great facilities and too many perks to count or tell in one little box.
Amazon is the world's biggest e commerce site and we can build our Carrier in it because in india day by day e commerce is growing rapidly
Amazing place to work, great environment and plenty of room to grow with multiple amazing opportunities to develop a career path. Excellent peers, amazing management, great facilities and too many perks to count or tell in one little box.
Amazon is the world's biggest e commerce site and we can build our Carrier in it because in india day by day e commerce is growing rapidly
A very flexible work environment
good and easy.first is jam then versant test on english
great work environment and fun
the salary given was good.
Lot of opportunities for projects
Nice work culture,work life balance
good communication improvements and no stress
Awesome freedom and ownership. Have been in three roles and never felt like a hierarchy particular exists. Work with a hugely diverse group of people with wildly varied experience.
Fast paced environment- lots of leanings. Expectations on high performance is a given. So if you are not the hard working type, please do not join.
Awesome place to work Flexible timings Always on going projects Good place to explore in work
When you join Amazon you join an hectic environment where everything is faster that all I knew in my career however you can get what you want when you are engaged and you deliver a lot. You learn so many great things, you work on an international level and you can move from one great job to another in less than 2 years. You can also lead an international career and nothing is impossible. However for these great achievement you have to deliver, no pain no gain but at the end of the day this company is great and unique!
Amazon offers very comfortable working environment.
Great Work environment Jobs is generally easy If help is needed it will be provided A lot of growth opportunities
Great learning curve for software developers.
It has very good growth oppotunities in operations risk management and awsome work culture.
Good technologies Good mentors Good leave polices
Flexible work hours, work from home allowed, great culture of friendliness and transparency.
1) You can learn lot of new things. 2) They have the best mentors 3) Good salary
- Learning opportunity - Great environment - Good pay
A very nice place to work on and learns a lot from here.
Have lots of challenging projects to enrich your resume and teach you new technologies.
-Salary, -Transport, -Work Culture, -Growth opportunities, -Friendly environment.
Amazing and exciting job and goals.
Oportunity to development skills, transparent path of career.
Friendly team. Can learn more from there.
I think for women amazon is the best to work and in that company we don't have pressure
Work environment here is very enjoyable
Open door policy and work flexibility
Allow you to balance work and life
Amazon provides good benifits, dental and vision included for employees and their families
Got opportunities to work on complicated technical problem. Work with super smart people Fast working environment will force you to learn and grow a lot
Great support and +ve team environment.
one of the best work culture
Many companies have stated values, Amazon truly lives and breathes our Leadership Principles. Motivated colleagues and great management encourage a healthy balance. Decisions at all levels can be questioned (though this can contribute towards feelings of operating in a hostile environment if not done tactfully).
Competitive Salary Good experience Room to grow 4 day work weeks- 3 days off
Friendly environment, Growth, learning and the change which is constant at amazon
1. Good ownership of projects. 2. Technically strong projects. 3. A wide range of projects to work on. 4. Anything you work will have a large scale impact. 5. Good salary. 6. Very easy to move teams.
Work Culture, policies, management is Excellent. Also the creative ideas and thoughts are always welcomed and the daily approach to do better than previous is Excellent.
A work environment that enables you to learn and grow not only as an employee but a person as well.
Excellent, good enviroment. nice team, relax, great
flexible work locations are accepted
Relative good freedom in terms of break
Best company to work for. Lots of opportunities in every stream. Best work culture. Less pressure.
Highly intelligent, motivated colleagues, challenging work, growing and successful organisation
Good work/life culture and batter work environment
Great people to work with. Great problems to tackle
Employee Benefit, Referral, Flexibility work
+Good HR policies +Handsome pay and perks +Growth opportunity for deserving ones +RSU for L4+ +L&D programs +Ample leave benefits
All kind of benefits for employees
Work from home can be done
Friendly and multicultural environment.
Really bright multicultural working environment
Great work place culture with full of energy.
Nice source of income and progress
Good place to work, a lot to learn.
Alternate week 3-days off per week
Not much pressure, employees supporting policies
Amazing work culture and people.
Great organization Team work Culture Salary on Time Working Hours Recognition
MNC that focuses equally on employee experience while working on being Earth's most customer centric company. Employee skill set is constantly being challenged to help them learn from their mistakes and also to identify the skill set they can be coached on for their growth.
Cutting edge tech stacks Good work life balance Enough opportunities are thrown in terms of responsibilities to work and grow.
good,awesome,developing,nice,extraordinary etcits a good company to work with, got chances to learn many new things which enhanced my skills
- You get to be a leader at a very shorter span if you got the ability. - Amazing work culture. -Great work spaces to begin with. -Employee friendly policies. -Great pay in the business
- Enormous growth and opportunity to come up with your own ideas - Lots of support from colleagues
Overall good and good working benefits
- No dress code - Good incentives - Easy to Approach higher ups - Leaves
has a very good facility to work
Some really challenging work with really good salary. They pay more than the market. Chaps working around are really tech sound and usually helping but that may vary from team to team.
Company is investing many new projects and technology.
Good place to learn new technologies and large scale systems
Alternate week 3-days off per week
friendly environment , timely pay , overtime bonus
None at all. Boring. Repetitive. Monkey job.
International team, fast paced, brand name
Free environment and exchange of ideas
Amazing work culture. Multiple opportunities. Growth oriented.
Great place to work and great people
Learning and sharing with the best minds.
Learning New thing and Field
Cool Place to work with
Great place to work in terms of peer respect and work space.
You don’t have to carry work home
best company in IT world
- Good culture - Great team - Recognition for good work
Good career growth Good working environment
Literally none except maybe for the health benefits if you last more than a week!
Free coffee and table football
Going Home - Amazon is a Labour Camp modeled on former Soviet Union
good money and people of good character, very friendly
Good learning, develop leadership, they hire a best, appreciate the hard work
Getting to work with the best minds. No micromanagement. People only look at your work.
*Good if you like working on your own and no career development
very bad company too much politics, every one pretend they are expert. If I can I will choose 0 rate
Work culture, environment, transport facilities
Better salary when compared to competitors. Mine is a work from home job. So I don't have to stress about travelling and getting ready for office.
Good perks Higher CTC than market Internal team switch is easy
The salary and the company itself
Company will care for the employers. Best work culture ever.
Good Salary, all expenses paid, lots of interesting work, signing on bonus and invested stocks after 1 year
Everything was good. From the time I joined since the time I left the experience was great.
Work culture, environment, transport facilities
It is very famous . Nd I like it
Great place to learn about processes, scaling offering and learning to do more with less resources. After a while the learning curve stops.
Work hard , have fun, make history
you will get to learn a lot
it was temporary or finished and amazon said to the job is fished
Work friendly environment Young working crowd No work pressure Good facilities and perks
Large company lots of talk about improvments and opportunitys to move up and onwards
Good learning experience and growth is immense
I have spent 5 years at Amazon and I just love this organization for the objectivity and transparency that exists. You are constantly on your toes and I do not think you will learn so much at such a fast pace anywhere else. You are allowed to experiment and take risks and remuneration is top notch. Best in the class.
Helping you grow into deifferent field.
Nice environment,Transport facility,food coupon,50 Leaves in year
Good job environment, plenty resources
#Respect #Valueoftheemployee #Salary #Eminities Best of the best. Work hard, have fun, make history! #proudamazonian
Pays bi-weekly on time Nice cafeteria Good benefit (Health care, dental) Easy to get in (Only back ground check) A lot of young workers.
Standard company and good customer
Amazon is not comfortable place to be for most people new to Amazon. We do things differently and it is a steep learning curve. 95% of it is for a good reason, once you understand it. Amazon is one of few places where goals and values are not artificially created, they actually came up from the long process of forming Amazon culture and are alive at every level. Amazon is bottom-up company. Leadership does not dictate what to do - if you have good ideas, you can grow really fast here and make a difference. We are big. Every team is somewhat different. We encourage you to move. Jump in, find the right boss & project for you, work hard, have fun and make history - at Amazon you can.
good perks, nice working environment best salary structure nice cafereria
You'll learn a lot - how to deliver projects no matter the obstacles, how to work internal politics, how to manage your own work life - balance. You'll work with talented people doing new and innovative things. Occasional work from home. It's a global brand and if you can survive the initial few months (which are tough!), you'll thrive. You'll also be allowed to lead projects, make an impact as you find your feet.
gud to work in working environment
Tech is more general. Java based, many tools can be used to improve the development efficiency.
- the working process is very easy - all people are very kind - most of the times if you need help you receive one - overtimes are paid in different rates depends on the additional hours you work - your managers of the department are always helpful and they will always try to make you feel better(that really depends on the manage since I've had ones I could rely on and ones I couldn't) - I know it's their policy, but after you take a sick off (unpaid ofc) the manager wants to speak with you for a feedback and if you need further help from Amazon - if you are new to the country you'll definitely find new friends
friendly environment, senior support, culture
-items come to you through neat auto robots -easy work
flexible work schedule. work from home
Good No stress Time convenient Voice
Mandatory 40 hours per week.
Based on my personal experience Amazon really cares about its employees and always keep improving processes to offer the best service to its customers.
Customer obsessed Frugality is not the priority Quality of service
Good peers Flexible timing Good exposure to large scale projects Ease to switch to any job profile
Wonderful and dynamic environment. Great customer focus. Lots to learn and space for development.
Have worked full time (4+ years), great environment to work, learn new things and one can develop thmeselves
Good company to work with. Flexibility is high and work culture is the best. Great place to learn and innovate if you have good ideas
- Good pay - Large number of opportunities, people can easily move to any of the Amazon unit across the globe. - Big brand name
Awesome workplace and very nice work culture.
Cool and liberal . Nice people
Great salary, Good career progression if one can stick
not required for the company
exciting workplace with a lot of challenges
Good brand name, Good work environment, Career growth is also good.
Great place to work and learn. Self motivation
awesome people challenging projects super offices great work life balance and flexibility #bepeculiar culture
Every day is different and you are not bored.
Competitive Salary package , good work-life balance, other employee perks, freedom
Great work environment. Great extra benefits ( Medical Insurance, Asoamazon). Opportunities to grow and develop ourselves. Back office and work from home positions available.
Good finance Reputed international company
- You can apply for a job everywhere from the world, if you pass the interviews it is not a problem for them to relocate you with a good relocation package. - When you leave the company you will not have problem to find a job.
breaks, people, food, location and freebies
Good experience to have working here!
Benefits, career prospects, fast paced environment, fun environment, great people, strong growth and generally a fantastic place to work and enjoy.
Best company ever in the UK
amazon works for their staff, work friendly enviornment
Excellent company to work with.
Learned a ton. Would recommend Amazon to everyone, for a 2-year stint. None of my many experiences taught me as much. Pay was competitive.
Decent pay after longer service + shares
Not much of pros however if you are a lead you'll have less restrictions
Alot to learn and deliver. This company demands time and lets you perform your way.
Amazon is a fantastic international environment that allow you to learn every day something new. Is a great choice if you want to grow.
Amazon is a fantastic international environment that allow you to learn every day something new. Is a great choice if you want to grow.
nothing is good in here
Great environment, easy to commute to work.
be able to learn from others.
its excellent work environment
Great benefits, challenging projects and a lot of opportunities to grow
Infrastructures, coffee, Ijps, opportunities, add on for resume.
Nothing at all , Nothing at all Nothing at all Nothing at all
If you want to push yourself and learn from other smart people this is the company to be. Also, you can grow as much as your capability
cab facility,aircooler facility ,employee insurance
Strong market position Interesting projects
Great company to work for and enjoying everyday solving big data problem
My peers were all a pleasure to work with. Generally people want to work well together and motivate each other to do their best. I didn't experience any of the cutthroat backstabbing you hear in some extreme reviews. However, I know many people who have felt betrayed by others. Amazon is a good place to make connections, but I don't find it to be the type of company you want to settle down with for more than 2-3 years.
A well known brand to start with
very fast growing and learning a lot
Very dynamic and fast environment, laid back colleagues, friendly team environment. Challenging but very interesting field in last mile delivery.
Fun environment, great trainers & high payscale / hiring bar
Good in work culture environment
Talented people, great place to experiment with new initiatives, scaling massively.
I started my career with Amazon,Chennai as a Device Associate. Initially it was an awesome place to work. Enjoyed myself to the core, earned decent and enough for a bachelor. Learned a lot. But, a time came where career has to become a part of me, so I started expanding my career and started looking for a challenge, thats when i found out whatever i learned and did was not even 10% in what the industry is expecting.
You make good friends and work environment is friendly.
pressure is to high in fcs
very good environment and nice workplace, good pay,annual leave,very supportive and encouraging when it comes to ideas proposed by employees.
They are honest and ensure the workers to pay at time and reasonable. Moreover they have other benefits included too.
Amazon is one of the best companies to work . The encouragement and the energy level of the people who work here motivates anybody . If you are looking for a long term career then Amazon is the right choice to make
Great culture constantly reinforced by well documented leadership principles, real customer problems to solve , flat hierarchy and super smart people to learn from.
Manager focuses on SDEs career growth Team follows good engineer practises and lot of senior engineers to learn from Internal wikis and video website to grow as an engineer Fair compentation and follows standard hiring practises so you will get to work with smart engineers and less chance of miss hire(as I see Amazon do fire)
Good place to improve knowledge
I started my career with Amazon,Chennai as a Device Associate. Initially it was an awesome place to work. Enjoyed myself to the core, earned decent and enough for a bachelor. Learned a lot. But, a time came where career has to become a part of me, so I started expanding my career and started looking for a challenge, thats when i found out whatever i learned and did was not even 10% in what the industry is expecting.
Nice teammates, good laugh and nice company culture
This is THE BEST place to work right now. The organization and the working environment couldn't be better. Sometimes there is a bit of work pressure but speaking as a workaholic, I love my work here at Amazon. I am a Transactional Risk Analyst and right now working from home (permanently). Yes, you heard it right. I don't think any other company in India provides such an opportunity to it,s employees.
Changing the world. Excellent people, excellent technology, great vision.
The money is really good
good culture. good people to meet
unlimited scope to learn. Friendly Company
company reputation, freedom , self study highly stressful but sarisfactory experience
Awesome place to work. Fresher must join Amazon or college pursuing people. Low work pressure. Friendly people, easy process.
Fast paced, learn fast, descent benefits, ability to transfer to other sites
You can explore yourself and learn a lot at job. Awesome opportunities will land up if you are prepared else you may have to pass it on. Your career os in your hand, so be ready and prepared.
Fast growing company, leading edge tech, good comp packages (for Vancouver, even better in Seattle), very nice offices right downtown. Great place to be a builder and create new things.
Good reliabilty and strong team work
-The work environment is the best you can find. - Incredible possibilities for growth. -Excellent benefits. - Salary goes hand in hand with work even better. - You are treated like a person.
Good place to work with. bad on the compliance part
Entry level job. Easy to apply for a fresh graduate. Friendly and supportive colleagues. Amazon as a whole is a good company.
Work environment definitely makes it worth every call. Staff defiantly keeps workers happy and comfortable. They really do everything possible so that we are stress free and give our 110%
Company with strong values and dynamic environment
Gr8 Compensation & Benefits.High Level of Safety Standards.
Working for a market leader and innovator - practical problems that you would not see elsewhere
Good benefits, good career development scope
will get the vast knowledge on the latest technologies which will be in the market.
Good people Organized Great ethos and learning
- smart and energetic colleagues - challenging topics and many chances to grow - good work/life balance
Opportunity to engage with customers across an incredibly diverse range of industries, which is very exciting. And backed by an amazingly talented group of people within Amazon. Customers are usually thrilled to work with us as well as the technology really helps them to solve their challenges.
Flexible with working from home innovative high level of ownership given to people joining at entry level
friendly work environment , great carrier opportunity.
They provide a Good pay. The work environment is very Chilled out. There are Lots of opportunities within the company.
You must challenge the status quo, be ready to take risks, good at communication and should be good at writing word documents.
Good learning curve, Pays well
- Young environment - Many nationalities - Casual
good work culture and hansome pay
Get the new experience and work with the team
Pay, Leaves and incentives
Work travel is available if you’re interested
super place to work in company
You will get great opportunity to llearn and grow your career
Fast -paced work team and competence
Good salary and nice area to live in
Work Culture and people. Compensation and learning curve
Goood pay that is the only benefit
Close to home & a few good contacts.
The lack of experienced management in Amazon allows you to collect a lot of experience.
Fast pace, very smart people, learning all the time. Awesome
Very valuable platform for me and others also.
I have worked Previous companies are not paying so far.
Amazon is the best place to work, perks and benefits and sufficient work life balance.
Good at analyzing products. Freelance Hassle Traffic free Work At Home
Very Good Company for anyone interested in Ecommerce
Great working crowd Clever people Leaders in the fields
You will get to work with some of the best people in the industry. Good pay and you will be part of some breakthrough innovations.
Good Payscale above L-4 employees
Big name, if you are looking for that on your resume
- you get huge responsibility fast - you can have a great impact right away - all employees follow the leadership principles - salary is good and above market average - international teams, lot of opportunities - very open culture and moving to another job is not difficult - since I joined the share value went up 50%. It is a very successful company and you can feel it working here
Good to learn new technology
Learning, Security, flexibility, and opportunity to work with global team.
good and only good enviourment
Desining works for homes
Shifts are normal. And cab facility if cab is not there then 4000 rs as reimbursement
allowances, salary, Onsite oppurtunitues, compensations
Nice place to work to build self management skills being an individual contributor
Facilities provided by the company are very good
great work environment, great atmosphere good incentives but low salary
- Good salary package and compensation - Great career progression opportunities - You get to work with people who are from different countries and wide range of backgrounds, it truly broadens my horizons
Perfect working environment, Good competition, Will learn a lot of new stuff
I have worked in Amazons Facilities in Chennai before and now I am working in Amazon Hyderabad. My experience was very good.
quality work to do. ability to take ownership
good benefits and flexible hours
Good tech Lot of competition within the team
good to work and best to keep an employee as good manners
Friendly attitude Management always helps you with proper resources Great Training materials
Good Salary Higher Standards Ownership job satisfaction
Everything is a pro
learning, fast paced and every day brings new challenges.
Very good company with best package provided. Lot of chance to learn more and flat organization
The work loads are okay and possible to deliver
1. Generally talented colleagues with drive to achieve more 2. Very challenging program and very unique problems for you to solve. If you solve it, you will create huge impact worldwide. 3. Data driven culture with availability of data. The level of analysis is extremely thorough and even for program management, you find yourself spending significant amount of times getting and analyzing data for decision making.
overall I am happy working for Amazon
very friendly environment keeping us motivated alltime
- Great responsibilities and freedom to manage autonomously your work. You are evaluated based on results. - Exciting work environment that empower you to dive deep, think big and share ideas - Extra - projects that allow you to have a look outside your daily job. Projects are assigned according to your qualities and ambitions (or areas you want to improve) - Solid career path and support from your manager/team regarding your goals (and how to reach them)
Worlwilde company with the commun interest satisfy the customer
+You have the chance to make big changes +people development + flat organization +Good Salary
The work is exciting, scope to do a lot, the pay is fine, additional benefits are fine, very dynamic
Good opportunities for ur career to boost it up. So a great choice for you.
Good work culture, Cool managers, give priority to their employees.
You learn something new every day. Good training opportunities Possibility to move up (worldwide) within the company
It is a best place for every job role to grow in his/her career
The workforce is mostly young and forward looking. The company is fast paced and adapts to change. Lots of opportunity to travel.
overall I am happy working for Amazon
* Growth opportunities * Oppourtunity to network
Dress as you like, leave policy.
Work Culture, Competitive environment.  It is a best place for every job role to grow in his/her career
There is lots of learning
- Good Life / Work Balance. - Highly collaborative coworkers. - Leadership Principles are true and a fundamental for decisions.
Benefits, Opportunities , Culture , Growth, Personal development
The learning curve is just Amazing. The more the energy you put in here the better you become. I have witness growth my self in 2 years
Good culture, work environment, lot of additional benefits
work environment, culture, benefits, knowledge
Interesting , Fast growth, Overtime, Culture, Environment
The leadership principles - if you agree with these and want to work in that way, you will see them in action.
Benefit package is good if you stay long enough to use it
only good thing is that company has high stock price..
The only highlight is the pay.
Place to be and excellent environment
Productive work. Management is great. flexible hours
Ot and salary is good here
Good tools, RSUs and cheques-repas (8.40), possibility to work from home a few times a year.
Exciting place to work. As an area (or regional) manager, you'll have overall responsibility for a number of stores in an allocated area. You'll be responsible for staff and you'll work closely with other senior managers and department managers. Your duties will include: Setting sales targets. Maximising sales and profitability.
- So many resources to learn - Very large and dynamic environment that will give strong experience - Open minded and flexible environment and management - Ability to change position within the company
Work culture, hr policies, parks
Great Place to work, Competitive environment
Good pay Chances of internal transfer to different teams
work life balance cooperative peers awesome facilities
Career progression and strong skill acquisition through daily tasks! It’s a company that is very fast paced! You never get bored in here!
A great place to work, No dress code, Friendly hierarchy .
Good Managenment and Perks are good imcluding bonus and sodexos
all pros in every field in this company
Dynamic, challenging and tech-friendly. Always related with innovation. Very motivational and qualified teams.
Innovation, moving forward and opportunities to see your ideas become reality.
The working environment is amazing and there's a lot to learn as an intern.
Work life balance. Average - Good work culture.
Employee Friendly Growth Opportunities Valued at Amazon Learning never stops Various Skill sets are taught
Employee Friendly Growth Opportunities Valued at Amazon Learning never stops Various Skill sets are taught
Good work environment, good salary, always develop yourself
Out of tremendous Pros I could talk about, I could not find better than enthusiastically adopting the 14 principles the company depends on internally and externally. Specially the customer obsession one!
here u find everything which is lacking in other companies. good management team. high security if it comes to women safety as well as employee job security is awesome. no formals good pay good hygiene cafeteria services. transport service is excellent. place where talent is given more prominence than anything else. good workplace and friendly environment. cab allowance is very good. less work pressure. zeta food coupon is available.. and the list goes on.
good atmosphere - nice colleagues interesting and challenging cases contact to business Vendor´s (b2b) work from home
Best opportunity to develop his skills. Very organized structures and processes. Pleasant and friendly working environment.
Hi I never feel amazon work place stress full.
free, easy, no overtime, good managers
Opportunities to transfer to US if you work in technical team
Good Job Experience Nice culture of the Company International Environment
Flexible, good pay, not too stressful
Work 4 days and get 3 days off. Nice extended health benefits.
Great work environment and culture, great manager very supportive and co-workers. Benefit Holiday pay
Good salary Supportive work environment Values safety and development of employees
Diversity in the company is great
Good bonuses, equivalent to effort
The managers and team leads are understanding and help in learning the work role. As a female worker, I was given the advantage of pick up and drop cab service.
Internal mobility options and job postings
work environment and benefits. Cab service. Food coupons
Its really fun to work at Amazon. You'll love each and every day at work. Even you'll feel like why there are holidays. There is really a very friendly work atmosphere. And there is no dress codes which I love the most. Even experienced people will be down to earth.
Flexible work environment,supporting and guiding managers and no dress code.
Good atmosphere and benefits. Interesting projects.
Dress code, free popcorn, lack of supervision. There is flexibility when trying to change schedules.
At the bleeding edge of new technologies, business ideas, great people, great set of leadership principles, great culture, so many opportunities, your opinions matter - all the benefits of working at a huge enterprise but with the feel, drive and ambition of a start up! I love it!
The Name. working at amazon is a matter of prestige. The highest salary in the industry. 50 days leave per year.
The best place to boldly try new things that seem outright crazy at first sight. A great organization to try new businesses and teams in the course of your career.
> Amazon truly cares for their employees, spoils them even. Every feedback is implemented when it comes to the well-being of employees. > Great leadership team who are ever-approachable and friendly without the hierarchical rule/ despotism. > People/ work culture here is amazing to work with. Majority of the employees are highly motivated so it gets easier to work/ network across departments while handling/ launching a big project that involves multiple teams. > The site where I work at is extremely young with average age of 23 (approx.) and is always buzzing with a lot of energy. With events/ celebrations happening every other day, all the employees find it a lot of fun to come to work everyday! > All the Team managers I have reported to/ worked with so far are fair and handle teams pretty decently.
Work place environment is best to work here, Full time enjoyment while working and various activities at work. No Work pressure and bad treatment for failure. Inspiring nature at work which motivates the employees to grow in the career independently
Bright people. People behave according to Amazon's Leadership Principles
Friendly environment Different departments to develop knowledge
-Great Benefits -Internal transfer oppurtunities -Good managers
Opportunity to grow was there
Great working culture, Managers and Team
Good people and work-life balance
Great company to work!!! Really appreciate all professionals and environment!
Always looking for a way to be more efficient, safe and improve quality. Takes suggestions from all levels of the organization and implements changes quickly if it benefits one of these areas.
Good perks and benefits for employees.
Amazon is a best place to work where i can grow my knowledge in various areas.
Flexible, work from home, top leadership is good, cafeteria is nice, nice environment
- Very flexible - career progression
I didnot find any negative .
No timings is the best thing. We can work from different city while the team which we are a part of can be at a different place. Growth is credited to the team in which you work. There are a lot of teams where you will thrive. But you can also find teams where most of the work is already done. That is to say the team is well established. In such teams, you need to understand the existing architecture and then can take up new projects. In such teams, growth will come with time. Although both have their own pros and cons, but it depends on the individual and his goals for the future who may be inclined to new teams as there will be a lot of learning and most of the things they have to build by themselves. People are of very good nature. You will find extremely talented individuals near you. You will learn a lot in a very short time frame.
Friendly Work Environment and Work life balance
*company has best place atmosphere to work, culture is awesome, benefits pay everything is awesome.
Work environment is very good.Fun at work.
Value for experience because of company's name
- Good Local Salary - Working with Amazon not an outsourcer
Been working in AWS for over 2 years now. Extremely talented people, relaxed atmosphere, open door policy with management makes it very easy to approach them. Great careers opportunities
Amazon provides unique Challenges to work, provides a good Career Path, high global Exposure. Every day would be a new challenge at Amazon. Great Place to Work.
Good work culture. good ambience.
One of the best place one can ever expect
You can grow in the company hierarchy easily if you are willing to put that extra effort.
The culture and work place at AMAZON is awesome.
Friendly Work Environment and Work life balance
*company has best place atmosphere to work, culture is awesome, benefits pay everything is awesome.
Value for experience because of company's name
The best thing with Amazon is that your values are being respected everytime.  Not Like a usual Call center!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Your voice is always addressed by the Direct HR people.  You can walk into anyone's bay.  Very friendly Managers!!!!! so as the Organization  The main thing is that Your Dress code!!!!!!!! Your free to dress as per your wish.  Men and women are treated equally. No partiality!!!!!!!!!  Work Hard(Which we never do, coz work is not that hard), have Fun(Yes, its fun every sec!!!) and Make History(Pave your own Life with Amazon)
+ great place to learn + people and atmosphere + ownership (if you are willing to grow and develop you are given your own projects) + management + flexibility + possibilities to grow (chaining roles within the company - you can also apply for other Amazon office abroad, with support of your manager you could change jobs) + good for young professionals
Good policies made with core philosophies for governing the operations environment and human resources
Autonomy, responsibility, salary benefits, international, innovative
Competitive salaries if you can/know how to bargain. Good benefits. Fancy offices in the Corporate world. No experience needed in some HR entry level roles. Equal opportunities to succeed.
flexible, fast pacing, a lot of challenges,
You get paid for ot hours
Company compensation structure is moderate
It is very honest humble and priceless company
If you are a learner, be sure that you will get to learn plenty of new things. Amazon's Leadership Principles are to conquer you in such a way that you will feel confident, self motivated and desire to grow more and explore new challenges will be radically increased. Top to Toe - every one is friendly and you can learn some way or the other from each one of the Amazonian.
1.I like to meet customers 2.Increase Sales From a High Traffic Channel 3. Acquire New Customers 4.As Many People Prefer Shopping Via Marketplaces I prefer Amzon
Job Security, Work environment and Management Team
*"You get to learn a lot while working here". *"Working towards a better work-life balance". *Always encouraged to get career growth.
Nice company to work. good team work
Great diversity of work , lots of mobility, adequate resourcing, respect for people , high velocity desicion making , general fairness and non political environment/ lots of e learning / flexible work hours / high task orientation
Good work space and clture
Good work culture for youngsters
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are interested in moving from a non technical to technical or some other role this is the right place for your career.
Hectic work culture. Impossible to survive
work with fun and no bossisam
1. Very good Facilities 2. Salary & zeta 3. Interesting to learn the process which improves our skill. 4. Leaves are more comparing other organizations
To have a chance be participate in big projects
Incentives, pick and drop not much to say
It is literally incredible what they are doing there. What you hear about the growth and the companies they are doing business with is about 5% of the reality. At AWS you really feel you are changing the world for the better.  The products are sensational and their meaningful development even more astounding. Microsoft is great at marketing machine, but a joke in cloud services. Google too (not so good at the marketing, but a joke in cloud services). And those are the two closest competitors. So it's the best time you can have - you are going to customers and selling something that can truly change their entire business and no one else comes close to what you're offering.  In short, great product, great solutions, great 14 leadership principles they really live to, and, really, almost everything is great (see cons).
Compensation Package and benefits are good! You get to work with really smart people and the company's culture is heavily focused on the customer experience which is great!
fast pace learning. learn anything. better engineer operation-wise good for career
Great place. Individuality. Free to make your own decisions.
Best part of working here is the social aspect. You meet loads of people and possibly make new friends. Loads of jokes to share.
Good and friendly working environment No pressure at work at all Peace of mind
I will just say 1 word and that is "Awesome". If you like flash mobs, games, goodies, surprises, food then Amazon is the place for you.
Good Balanced work life , good overtime payment which can make your monthly salary to 1.5 times , more number of leaves and easy to get them . HR work here
Best place to be a CSA, The Best Work Environment in the industry, growth within 6 months.
Freedom to do your thing, exposure to cutting edge technology
Amazon held by hand, took me up and today I have become a part of it.
Amazon held by hand, took me up and today I have become a part of it.
HR policy is really nice, Work environment is very sportive and positive. The leadership team is also supportive with the associates.
What makes Amazon unlike any other employer is its relentless focus on the organization's Culture. This is not seen as just a responsibility of the "Management". Every employee who joins is encouraged to take ownership of the task and is also measured up by direct reports/peers/manager/leadership on how well they accomplish the same at the respective level they operate. With the Scale at with Amazon is growing in size, this element is critical in ensuring uniform employee experience. Competitive on salary, Employee friendly policies. Another key USP for Amazon is the talent group you work with. Almost all hires are high performing individuals which means the overall bar of performance is also high. This is good for those who want to take on challenging (in every essence of the word) tasks & constantly want to improve the status quo. Personally what stands out is how employees are encouraged to determine their own deliverables for the year and are measured not just on the end deliverables, but on what learning the initiatives brought and the quality of work put in. There is usually nobody micromanaging you or creating pressure on deadlines, the environment is such that you will yourself be compelled to deliver high quality work and reach out for help where you need.
ability to create and improve processes and help people everyday
Great experience ,awesome work culture...
If you like to innovate, succeed, a culture that focuses on raising the bar each day, work with extremely bright people and be in a fast paced organization - this is the place to be! There is never a dull day at Amazon with tons of interesting projects and problems to solve. Being a woman, never felt discriminated or any other concerns that most organizations are still grapping with when it comes to diversity. Absolutely thrilling to work here. Been with this organization for almost 5 years
The best ever place to work!!
“It’s great working here. There’s nowhere else I’d rather be. You are working with very smart people who are energized and believe in the work they are doing. You will be rewarded for doing well, and for the company doing well. You are empowered and encouraged to wield influence and ship products that can literally affect billions of people, no matter what level you are at.”
Opportunity to learn world class and salable tech platfroms. Leadership has a good mix of long term focus and quick execution.
Working in amazon is very interesting and fun. You can learn something everyday at Amazon. The work is culture is very cool.
No Dress codes, No one Will force u to work. Peaceful Atmosphere with Great place location to work on.
Excellent Team. Some of the brightest minds you will find Alignment to vision and leadership principles. Unlike many companies where these are just posters on the walls, Amazon takes leadership principles very seriously
Extremely employee centric. Great benefits Excellent work environment. Supportive managers with a great mix of management.
Will loose weight and there is room to grow if you decide to stay here for a few years. There is favoritism in all departments. There is high turn over. Lots of overtime only then you can make 40K+ in salary
Good place to work Friendly atmosphere
flexible good atmosphere good benefit easy to start etc..
The process of development is professional. Colleagues are talented and productive.
-Nice workplace culture -Transparency in operations -Casuals at work -Employee Friendly policies -Compensation
Knowledge transfer, casual dressing environment
transportation, zeta and team outings.
Freedom Of Speech, Support from the leaders on site
Values, vision and customer focus is knitted in every employee making us so focused on taking the right decision in the interest of an employee/customer. We challenge one another, the transparency and being able to say – “I failed” to succeed again is an amazing empowerment.  Pros include: Culture Values Leadership styles Amazing smart people that one gets to interact daily Freedom to pick-up and solve issues Trust factor
Flexible Work Environment Excellent Work Life Harmony
Name of the company (worth if you can sell it)
over time and extra work at christmas and summer season
Overall a good place for starting
Good leadership principles. In spite of the size, there is constant effort to move the needle on the business
Good Brand,Well structured,Multiple opportunities, Good Learning Experience
beast company to work for
BEST to work with in all aspects..
Innumerable opportunities for great learning, innovation, and global exposure. It is always Day 1. Never a dull moment. Challenging opportunities to explore one's interests at work.
Earth's Most Customer and employee Centric Company. Every day is a day 1 working at Amazon. Proud Amazonian!
Daily you can learn a skill if you are a go-getter and upscale and create your growth map yourself
* Ownership of work * Transparency at every level * Challenging work environment * Growth opportunities at all levels * Regular acknowledgments and feedbacks
Every employee gets an opportunity to prove themselves
Very open environment for new ideas, great climate, great place to learn where curiosity is really apreciated.
* Leadership principles inspiration * Clarity of thought * Ocean of opportunities * Spectrum of tech domains you can work on * People are good and have assimilated leadership principles * Good work-life
- Culture - Open to ideas, suggestions and feedbacks - Not at all like typical corporates - Multinational company - Growth insistive - Zero pressure - High motivation - Day-1 attitute - Leadership gaining
work hard have fun make history,handsome salary,enviorment is green
Good Environment Good colleagues Great opportunities to travel and join different teams
It does great things to your CV, but thats about it. It is stressful, money is not that great, stocks have very long vesting dates...
everything is good. If you are interested in supporting cloud customers then this place is a heaven for you. You get to troubleshoot variety of issues of the customer
Amazon hires great people and tries to unleash their full potential. I feel I've accomplished more in 4 years at AWS than in my entire previous career, yet I also see there is so much more I can do here.
work culture no dress codes friendly environment no politics
It's a good place to start your career with.
compensation, career opportunity, quality of people, fast paced
Their pay is amazingly good, they are super innovative and you can grow within the company in a very short time. You will never forget Amazons values and believe me their principles are something you will apply on your future jobs/positions and even in your life.
Work Culture is truly amazing. You get to interact with persons who have at least the same or more thought process. Ponder upon the problems faced by consumers and give your best idea or solution to resolve. You could learn more from the leadership. Everyone are equal and treated with mutual respect
Awesome company to work in, but the non tech profiles are lagging a bit in management
Good Medical Coverage, Interesting Work
Awesome good place to work
Everything. Work balance. Growth opportunities. Internal IJP's
Great Environment Great people to work with Good pay
A combination of challenges, working with best minds and great support system.
I get to do so many things in addition to what I was hired for. I love music and I do it  at Amazon too.
Friendly environment , feels like home . Just an amazing place to work !!
Everyone is treated as a leader in Amazon. There are so many opportunities to innovate and experiment. I don't do things here because someone has told me to do so. I do things because I believe they are the right things. I am expected to set my goals and also establish my value. I haven't found any other company where you get so much of feedback.
Best mode of communication both verbal and non verbal. great culture. diversity.
What to say about this company. I have worked with several MNCs. But there is no one like Amazon. They have best work culture among all. Superb management. Great leadership team. The environment is indeed awesome. I just wanna grow here and stay with this company forever.
1) good work nature and environment. 2) good growth opportunities. 3)good pay and extra pay scales. 4)each job in amazon is interesting in its own filed. 5) lots of extra circular activities, competition.
Its been an awesome workplace. Love to be a part of amazon, There is no work pressure, Amazon makes the employees to love their job
Dress code and office ambiance Team outings and team bonding
Awesome flexibility in work in most times
work culture no dress codes friendly environment no politics
challenging, interesting, best people to work with
good environment happy to work lots of fun
Amazing work culture and the facilities.
good env ok nice fair job
People are friendly, free coffee, pto, medical/dental coverage for blue badges
well the culture and the way things are handled we need to speak out our basic concerns and its always taken care off
Good pay if you work nights and plenty of overtime oportunities. Full-time 40 hour contract which is a rarity nowadays 3 days off a week. Easier to become permanent than in the past. Company shares(for now)... Easy to change shifts if you have children or education commitments. Carreer choice program which pays for your studies (if you have time to study and work full-time lol). Staff discount. Holidays and sick pay.
Good work environment - Big company
Great career growth options. Unlimited positions to apply for worldwide. Reasonable relocation budgets. Satisfying compensation plan.
Nice organisation to work with.
Very dynamic. People are humble, respectful and very smart. Lots of amenities. A very sportive work culture.
Good people, challenging work, flexibility to work in any team/ project which you want.
no work pressure as long as you aintain your quality no one is gonna disturb you.
Lot to learn & grow
Nice work culture, MNC facilities, opportunity to work with talented people..
Can learn lots of different stuff really quickly
Growth Opportunities - Transparency - Culture
Work/Life balance is good and the people are good
Captive Organization tends to benefits excluding the CTC, Flexible shift hours,Work life Harmony,Easy Approvals for Leaves
Lean organization structure. They operate like a startup. Things are always in fast pace. People around are equally smart or smarter than you. No politics in promotions. You get sticks as part of CTC. No dress code.
- A combination of challenges, working with best minds and great support system. - Great compensation - Work life balance
Everyday I come to work it feels like it is my first day at work, I never get bored at work and always feel that I will get to learn new things at work. During my week-offs I miss my work place. I think your co-workers, leaders, managers make this place more happening. Like they have said " It's always day one at Amazon " Work place inspires you everyday to come to work everyday a new challenge set and with this it makes work more fun and interesting. The respect you receive at work from leaders to your co-workers makes the place so happening you do not hesitate talking to a leader which is why there is no other place like Amazon.
Flexibility in shift work and freedom to put your ideas to management.
Best company to start off your career with Everything is excellent right from The office, Management, Work Culture, Salary, Incentives
Very nice work culture and better place to learn and build good career.
To is growing up company
No Pros to think off.
employee benefit once in a year
Good work environment Growth asper your efforts
fair enough be ready to work
It is the first Company I am working, where employees and Business are given paramount importance, come what may be.
Because of the name and fame of amazon
Dynamic work (non-monotonus) and start-up kind of culture
good culture, nice team members and easy job
Great management, Ability to relocate to multiple locations
Lots of social stuff. Understanding how Amazon works and learn new things each day. Talk to different people each day. Everyone gets projects.
Lots of social stuff. Understanding how Amazon works and learn new things each day. Talk to different people each day. Everyone gets projects.
Cool company and awesome people
it has a one of the finest work culture
Employee centric and good work environment
Very good support is provided. Very helpful and friendly managers. Leaves are paid and ample.
Good pay and benefits, Work from home, holiday policy, paternity and maternity leaves
Pay is good compared to other tech companies. Scale is great, and a lot of focus is on quality and customer obsession
Salary is high even for fresher
Better payments. overtime available
1. Intellectual environment 2. Every day will be challenging like hell! (It's always Day1 at Amazon) 3. They just take care of every part of your life - All you have to do is come in to work, do what you do exceptionally, create history. 4. Great and very very strong culture.
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon. Work culture is at par with any other Company.
I love our leadership principles. I think every company should use them in everyday work, in making decisions, in finding the best solutions for our costumers. We all are amazonians coz we all are leaders.
Lot of possibilities to learn and develop new knowledge Share with many communities about how technology can help others Innovate base on the field needs of the customers You feel like, is your company and no working for a company
Most Employee Centric & Earth's Most Customer Centric Company.
work environment is super in amazon
Friendly environment, flexible hour, internal career opportunities
It is a great place Great people to work with
Working with bright people, a lot of responsibility given to you straight away, an attitude which encourages innovation
I have been working as a part of this company for more than 6 years and i had always had a learning curve. There is a lot of exposure and learning here. We will be working independently and no micro management is done. This is a opportunity to explore any domain any time. Being a mom i am able to manage between work and family efficiently.
Promises of growth opportunities.
No dress code , work from home options , flexible working environment
salary , bonus , cab facility
Everything about Amazon is a Pro
Amazon culture and principles are the most best reason to work here.
Good work culture Good salary Good leave policy
- Innovative, not boring - Laid back - Encouraging leadership - Travel opportunities
Nice canteen, pool table, growth opportunity
I have worked for 4 years in the company, and 1 year in TRMS, the Frauds Department in Amazon Prague. Amazon is a place with infinite career choices for people who are committed to work hard and deliver results. It is a diverse and multicultural place where employees are heard, and where management really fights for everyone’s best experience. Employees are asked a daily question which helps management to build mechanisms to tackle problems/barriers for employees, there are GEMBA boards where employees can express any urgent concerns and management works on them in a weekly basis, and the job itself is demanding but very rewarding. TRMS is only for professional people who are committed to help on Amazon’s innovation and keep the platform safe from malicious attacks. TRMS just got a new site leader who is really working hard to improve the employee experience. Management overall is very humanitarian, flexible and willing to help employees grow. All managers have their own success story, some of them started working in lower levels inside the company, which shows that hard work really pays off. High performers with great leadership skills are able to be automatically promoted to Sr. Investigator after one year in the company, which is something I have not seen in any other department or company. These promotions are made in a quarterly basis. There is a recognition program for overtime and high performance which provides employees Amazon Gifcards in Euros, which can add up for a very good sum of money at the end of the month. Dogs are allowed in the office, transportation is paid by Amazon, there are relax areas, games, 2 parties per year, fun activities, committees for women, sexual diversity, and groups for social help. Amazon has been the best experience I have had in my Life. You really get to work with talented and inspirational people.
The environment was excellent to work and function. Being able to work for a multinational company for a first job added a lot to my experience.
Clean environment , benefits and PTO from day one
Good big company happy with it
-Work Culture -Leaves -Extra Curricular activities -No stress work
You learn a lot everyday, you never stop learning.
Employee friendly, not much work pressure. Very supportive staff and colleges. No dress code.good pay for the amount of work.
Like working with Amazon, it's a great experience
Working culture here is very free & the managers will always motivate you to move to next level. Stree-free enviornment .
Good company to work and start your career
Great place to work. People usually nice. Management is good and listens to any enquiry or suggestion. Ordinary workplace.
Work culture, peer group, less work pressure
Good in leave management, infrastructure, facilities, friendly managers
1. Technology 2. Fast development 3. Opportunity 3. Salary
Opportunities to explore and work beyond the mandate.
1. Early promotions 2. Good facilities 3. Food Coupons 4. Transport reimbursement 5. Flexible Shift 6. Friendly Managers 7. Respectful staff 8. Friendly Environment
good perks, salary, brand
People collaborate and help each other, focus on data, and truly focus on the customer.
Pros: 1. Good allowances. 2. work from home is quite convenient. 3. Best workplace and professional people to work with. 4. Good to Employees
- EVERYONE is young, so they have been through the same problems as a new hire and are willing to help. - Very structured. Every employee gets a checklist of what to do in the first day, week, month and 3 months. It helps you know you're on the right track and ramp up way more quickly. - Working towards a better work-life balance. There is limited but available free Yoga and Pilates class. Depending on the team, you are also encouraged to work from home one day a week.
Need to Learn new process immediately
Best Place for a Fresher
In Amazon, you will learn a lot. Every day is a Day 1. You will never stop learning. In Amazon, you work with a very smart people. It is totally different when you work for a company that makes the technology not just uses it. You can move among teams from your day 1 in Amazon.
Good environment Good Management Decent Salary Fast Growth Appreciation and Promotion based on performance not seniority based
You will definitely grow on daily basis since this is a fast-paced company
Work culture , benefits, work environment
good wages more then 10 pounds/h if you work through the night fixed schedule
Training provided, nice city, good graduate job, part of team that is interested in their job. Competitive environment.
Compensation is at par with industry standards
Good work Culture depending on your preferences. Low stress.
Compensation package - Stock (especially with the future outlook) Dynamic environment Customer oriented Good mixture of data driven job and people management
Exposure. Growth. No dress code or compulsory formals or compulsory clean shave look.
Great atmosphere and possibilities to grow
Amazon Media Group is a highly dynamic, constantly changing and challenging workplace. It gives you the opportunity to take action on things that matter and let's you form the organization with your big and small ideas. Obsession for your customer and delivering solutions to grow their brand and business are for me the core value of AMG. We are young org, living the Amazon Motto: Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History!
fun filled environment to work with
Flexible Hours which allow for personla like
fast paced environment very good
good environment ，good benefit ，good
We Can balance both our work as well as our life easily at Amazon
Most customer eccentric company on earth
Sometimes "managers" leave you leftovers in the kitchen. Woof-Woof. Peers are nice. Free coffee.
Still finding out. After working for one year, all my previous assumptions about this company are broken.
Lots of opportunity for self development Career advancement Flexibility Excellent benefits
Brand name , good opportunities for growth, smart people , cool and friendly culture , work environment and definitely handsome package
friendly environment and growth
So many teams to pick from. Can position yourself to work with hardcore technical stuff Reasonable salary
1.Amazon as a Brand 2.Facilities 3.Customer Obsessed
- you work together with very smart people - you learn a lot from Day 1 and you constantly learn - you feel appreciated for what you do - you feel challenged day by day and never find yourself bored - you have access to tons of information about cool new services and products - great opportunities for self-growing, Amazon itself wants that the employees advance and grow within the company.
The company is really good to work, and grow yourself it's completely employee centric and you would not find such better companies anywhere else
Benefit for employees and family
Your opinion always matters, whether you are a manager or not.  There is no such thing as a bad idea. Your idea might not be adopted in its original form, but you are always praised for having the courage to challenge the status quo.  You are encouraged to build on your strengths, not your weaknesses, which makes you feel really in control of your career path.  It is relatively easy to make a sideways career move at Amazon or relocate. Your manager will even help you with your application if the move or promotion is the best thing for you and Amazon.
Great atmosphere and possibilities to grow
* Great start for new grads * Cheap treatment of employees is good for stock * Managers seem to like manager-first culture
Financially  - Opal travel card claims for daily work commute - Phone claims - Amazon RSU - Competitive pay  Work life balance - 6 weeks paternity leave - 14 weeks maternity leave - work from home option  Work culture - very understanding - culturally diverse
everything about the company is good
Lots of opportunity for self development Career advancement Flexibility Excellent benefits
Work life balance is not good
good work culture and great managment
free food, good salary here.
- young & dynamic teams - growth opportunities - fast moving environment
Good pay and hard work rewarded
Amazing company to serve Indian population
There is unlimited free coffee
Global company but lacking in alot of areas.
Good Work, Decent Pay, Decent Peer Group
Colleagues from all over the world
Amazon is an awesome company to work with, overall I don't have any complains, here we learn a lot no only about the work that we do in here but also about general things that will help us in the future, they prepare us to be a lead and to grow within the company with the best practices.
The work culture had been very positive and the experience gathered around was learning and fun as well. Taking risks and pressure was fun and gained a lot of curiosity.
Best place to working to friendly work culture.
flexibility in work timings and various other benefits like insurance provided to employees
RSUs, Company will take over the world, Work with very smart people. Team is young and vert enthusiastic, you get ecommerce exposure which is a hot topic right now.
New business ideas. Great offering targeted at everyday needs. Great stock options.
Infrastructure ,Canteen, work culture, friendly employees
Great work environment, amazing co-workers, growth opportunities and company benefits.
Its very fast moving and challenging environment.
good learning opportunity , good work environment
It is a very big company and i am honored to work in amazon and i am exicted to work in amazon
Lots of exposure and well structured business model helps in a major way when dealing with the stakeholders
-work culture is good -work life balance is okay
good learning opportunities and nice team
work culture is good , reliable
Great place to work if you are willing to get a challenging job in which you will have to innovate and think bigger to be able to deliver results on your job.
The best place to work
Innovative, customer-focussed and fast moving company. Working with very smart and talented people in teams aligned around common values and leadership principles.
everything was good.management is cooperative
good for the single and new graduate
Healthy and free working culture. Open door policy and no restriction on dress code. Good growth prospect.
- very fast paced environment for people that seek for challenges - very quickly you get a lot of responsibilities and ownership - culture of respect
Feels like college while working
It is easy to get a job in Amazon. Benefits and perks are great after working for 2 years with them.
flexible work hrs.. good atmosphere
Good MNC, Good Work environmnet, Nice team
Decent benefits in first few years of work. If your friends with the manager (most likely an Egyptian) you are likely to get the best work and be excluded from the team
It is a good company with best environment.
"Job satisfaction". I have worked in for 5 different companies and Amazon is my 6th and trust me I couldn't believe how friendly and comfortable the environment is. I am at Amazon for less than a year. "No limit for learning" Amazon believes in learn and develop. On job learning and any amount of training are provided based on your passion. "Amazing Managers and peers" The support you receive in launching your career is amazing. If we find passion in any other domain, our managers will help us and mentor to move laterally to other teams or mover vertically to be come managers.
Flexible shift timings and also the leave policy is very convenient
Clear processes, Equal rules, Working with the best cutting edge technologies
Company name itself is enough to evaluate the working culture and working environment. Though I have been worked as a part time developer but I accumated my growth at there
No pros, glassdoor made me have to write something even though I seriously can’t think of anything. I guess the people on your level (tier 1) are all down to earth hardworking people.
1) Two way cab facility/ Rs 4000 as incentives ( If not opted for transportation) 2) Enormous Fun activities 3) Good work culture 4) Pays incentives higher than the market does. 5) Excellent Infrastructure
good incentive system is available
One of the best companies to work in. The work culture, the structure and love the way they keep their employees motivated.
Very stable, great benefits, good working environment, growth opportunities, very strong culture and values.
Good atmosphere to work in such company. You will love the ambiance and work culture.
Colleagues and office environment
Good work culture Nice infrastructure Pretty chilled out place Good transport facility and leave policy
Employee Friendly, Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History.
Only 5 working days so its great
Great Peers Great Managers Great work which compels to make you learn lot of things
Employees need not wear formal clothes everyday. Good Salary package.
You will get a lot of opportunity working there is fun nice work environment
The work culture is very employee friendly and professional which creates arena and scope for more innovation and stress free environment that will translate into a more productive output.
Very good infra You can feel a presence of working in a well privileged company You'll feel like that you're amazing if you showcase your talent towards the best in you. Lucky if you're put in a very friendly team Decent take-home for freshers Cab facility provided once in an hour so that we can opt accordingly
Only 5 working days so its great
Social popularity . Everyone knows about Amazon
Employee friendly Easy to switch teams
Amazing work environment with great people
Best place to grow, Lots of learning opportunities, good reward for performance
Expected to work autonomously
Salary benefits, Infrastructure, Captive Business
Amazon is a large innovative company with a diversity of departments and roles offered. If you are willing to learn and work hard, the company can really develop potential.
Flexible working hours, work from home option, great company culture, somewhat equal gender pay
Good salary . Work life balance ok.
Fantastic working environment Great company culture An enormous amount of internal learning and career opportunities
- Internal growth opportunities for everyone - Safety of employees is of the utmost importance
Friendly colleagues, some friendly staff
Work Culture, helpful team leads
Organised company. Friendly staffs and superiors.
Stress free work Friendly environment less time pressure
- good life work balance - international and friendly environment
Thorough training, focus on productivity and employee welfare
Work Life Balance, Ample opportunities and employee friendly policies
It's good pay.There all good people to work with and the food in the canteen is a reasonable price.
Never bored, Lot of data to work with, Always stick to principles and values, Extremely competitive, Data Driven, pushes your limits.
Nice people to work around with
the company in which the benifits reaches to the ground level employee
Lots of bright people. You learn something everyday!
Amazon has a great culture of welcoming creative and innovative ideas to solve some of the complex and long term problems for it's customers. You are guaranteed to work with some of the most talented peer group.
Good place to work were we will getting alot of knowledge
Working environment inside amazon is just amazing. Any pressure could handle during working with each other helping habit. Overall processes are just amazing .
A lot of innovation and knowledge to get
Private health insurance. Casual wear. Organized work environment. Depending on the position, it's safe and withour health risks.
8 fixed working hours Flexible Leaves Brand name Easy hiring process Free Transport embedded in salary No social media restriction Fixed increments every year Fixed work/metric Good Principles Paid OT
It has a great Work environment Managers are good Support team is awesome
brand name and so many opportunity for growth
Decent salary and stock options. Leave policy is pretty good
Good occupational perks like cab and sodexo facitlity
Its Leader principles. While working in AMAZON you always feel "It's Still Day One"
Amazon is simply the best company. When working at Amazon you would be making history.
Amazon is a great place to work because as a individual you get to grow professionally and get great in depth knowledge in the filed you are working in. The job role I'm assigned is Cloud Support Associate-1(CSA-1). This is customer facing job profile where you get to solve customers issues and help them with their questions. As Amazon is and striving to be earth's most customer centric company support profile becomes utmost importance to the company.  Great set of highly skilled and work driven engineers and senior colleagues motivate you on daily basis to get the job done.  Do not mistake this for traditional support where you have standard response for all the issues. The issues that come in here everyday is unique and everytime you need to come up with a unique solution.
I don't see anything worth a mention
You get a lot of freedom to do things, there is a technical ladder for those who don't want to go in management. If you are a junior, it's a great place to be because you will learn a lot.
Work friendly environment and good place to learn and earn more
Work friendly environment and good place to learn and earn more
Huge growth = huge opportunity if you can handle the pace
international team, day shifts, good location in center bratislava, languages and health insurance provided for foreigners
They care about progression. I was promoted during my time there. They supply good equipment and the interviewing training is great. The leadership principles actually make sense if you use them right.
Meet lots of people
4-day working week. Good overtime pay. 10% discount
Awesome co-workers, very talent and helpful. Compensation is above market average. The variety of opportunities to pick interesting projects is amazing.
Pay, promotion, opportunities. Being part of a leviathan.
slightly higher salary for the quality of work here. good stock amount. relaxed work environment. not much knowledge required to work here
The pay was ok plus working 4 days and having 3 days off.
Work environment , employee relations, work activities and mentor (manager) support are excellent.
Learning, Opportunities, Encourages failures and helps to get up from it. Teaches how to think big and also about being frugal
First thing to say about is no pressure or target. You will really enjoy your work .manager and team mates will teat you like a friend. More than sharing my experience in amazon, you can work here to know about all Growing things happening here. Good place to develop yourself and implement your innovation or ideas. Amazon will always here to motivate, you to come-up with best knowledge on the role what you working for.
I work with an international team. I feel valued and I enjoy what I do- this has been an interesting experience when I compare it to previous jobs in international companies where you feel a lot more like "just a number". I've never had to work overtime unless I wanted to , either.
Flexibility of time, great onboarding, great stock plan, great people, learn a lot.
Got to learn a lot of things.....good team.......
Environment, experience, good name on CV
Work life balance, fun, Overtime option
No dress code Like minded colleagues Medium work load
Learn a lot Opportunity to grow
Learn a lot Opportunity to grow
Flexibility of work from home and no dress code
It's a great company to work in with great compensation. My manager is very understanding, and would make sure that I am happy.
Facilities is good, Compensation is good.
1. Good work culture. 2. Early Promotions and huge growth potential
open, equal culture amazing colleges with outstanding background
work helps me to indulge into something which helps me in achieving something and prove myself.i like working smart
Great working culture, Dedicated staff and results driven
Easy work Free drinks provided including coffee
Managers are helpful. Team mates are good. Nice work environment.
Very dynamic work environment, growth opportunities are numerous.
Enough opportunities to learn and grow for just-out-of-college graduate. Freedom to chose your work, technologies to be used and timelines. Opportunities to solve complex problems. Building scalable solutions.
Employee Friendly & Work Ambience is the best thing about Amazon Treats you well and It,s simply the best to work in.
great culture, great managers, great business model, great feeling being part of the future
Amazon is one of the best place to work . There are many carrier opportunities for the insiders and outsiders.
I have many reasons to say why I work for Amazon, but one of the best thing is that though I work for 8 hours in office I never felt that I'm working. To be frank it's a place where you play and work together which makes me feel like playing at work. Work Hard Have Fun Make History
The only company I have seen providing hassle free environment for employees. No other company can provide additional benefits like Amazon.
Its a great place to work
Global exposure to experts in the industry, strong focus on growth and speed, valuable leadership principles, and most of all, the freedom to work at your convenient time puts you into a workplace from which you couldn't expect more. Helping each other grow is the core of Amazon, be it any role. Managers help you with every possible way of professional growth and provide opportunities to connect with the global leaders across the company's wide presence in the world. The workplace is exactly how a workplace should be: friendly enough not to be intimidating, but motivating enough to get your things done.
Providing good salleries and p.f
nice salary and good team
Job security - business grows so fast that the workforce is constantly in demand. Benefits - shares, health care, discounts Shifts - Most full time work is 4x10hr shifts - 3 day weekend. Progression - Once promoted to Leadership, good opportunities to go further.
nice environment, multi national, good benefit, nice internal promotion opportunity
enjoyed a lot,good environment to learn everything very happy i was part of amazon
Learn new things. Descent work culture. Encouragement for new thoughts. Employee development. Employee benefits.
Great work place to work with
Good, learning, development, smart peers
- Work in one of the biggest budget companies in the world. - Endless opportunities to promote, change your role within the company or even be moved. - Great relocation allowances. - Stocks.
Work culture fun activities stress free
I love the innovative culture of Amazon. This place also helps you grow as a professional level at an accelerated pace.
- Opportunity to grow - A lot of things to do
Working climate is nice, peers have a great sense of teamwork
opportunities are more... at the same time work will be more. You will have every resource to learn but you will not have time to learn. IJP's are very good. If you want to grow you will be given every opportunity to grow.  You will be forced to learn time and priority management.. since releases are very fast. You find you are faster than you were before.
A lot of growth Great learning experience Excellent working environment
Flexible working time and dress code
Good work at company. good progress
Amazon as brand adds value to your resume
Good work Environment , cooperative team
Salary and flexibility are good
Good work culture and lots of perks
Steep learning curve and independent work
Good people, good environment, good work life balance, Modern work culture
Nice company Lot of benefits like 4000 travel allowance plus sodexo pass
Best work place and have lot of benefits! Great fun! Very much happy n Blessed to work with a great organization Lots of learning opportunities. Best facility and office space.
Good personal experience as they teach you everthing from the get go and make it easier.
- Growth possibilities - Great exit options - Global movement flawless - Mistakes are treated as learnings
fixed work pattern good overtime pay guaranteed hours
Great staff , goods contribution , not slow
Amazon offers a dynamic environment, full of opportunities and challenges. Hard work is appreciated and recognized.
Open Mind Gives you space to grow New Challenges every Day
Should improve the response time on the referral portal.
Good work culture without any stress
Active, lovely, engaging, team orientated, goal driven
Best work and best salary
Good work life balance can be achieved
Shift timing. Work environment Lot of employee benefits
Good work environment Friendly management Less politics
career opportunities, constantly changing and evolving environment
Good culture, good process, good colleagues
Smart people in sde team
+ Great career opportunities + International environment
Cool environment, work stations are good
1) Awesome work culture 2) Amazing learning opportunity
It Encourages the Employee to be the part of Amazon's Recruiting Team.
- Huge ecosystem catering to every passion - Strong mentoring and coaching initiatives - Relaxed, light-touch management
Working at Amazon is great. Here are a few reasons why: - Opportunities to contribute to the good experience of end customers - Working with highly motivated teammates - Great organizational culture
Flexible timings No shift workings Amazon benefits No dress code
- Great work culture, with high scope of growth - Best compensation across market - work life balance is great
Great staff , goods contribution , not slow
Great pay, opportunity to get involved with several projects not directly linked with (or above) the normal duties of your role. Higher management relatively approachable. Good managers will look to help or guide you where required.
Learn a lot to communicate and to think data driven
This is a MNC which works like a startup. Lots of learning opportunities It doesn't matter what time you come in as long as you are doing your work.
- Working Environment - Colleagues - Open Culture - Flexible Work Environment
good working atmosphere  best salary for the job role in industry
Opportunity to explore and learn new skills
Biggest Tech Giant , innovative and forward thinking. +work live balance +global projects +multi-national workforce + equality in pay and promotional opportunity
Good work environment Friendly management Less politics
career opportunities, constantly changing and evolving environment
1. Great working environment 2. Good managers and friendly employees
Great company to work, pleasant atmosphere.
Great place to work very. Friendly managers. Learn something new everyday. Coworkers are very helpful. Great benefits .
Huge work impact No stress work enviroment Above market compensation
Cutting edge technology with great openness to new ideas. Much place for creativity.
Good Work Environment and facilities provided
full training provided, located in stockport
Good salary, and good culture good motto
+ Cool projects + Good pay + Talented coworkers
Growing company, operations offers good career progression
If Risk Management, Transaction-al Investigations , Fraud Detection and prevention is your idea of a career, then this is the place to be.  Experience/ 2-year stint here is great for the resume -multi lingual, multi national team environment, smart colleagues, office in the centre of Prague.  TRMS jobs are not for the faint hearted as I found out from my experience -being adaptable, willing to experiment, willing to fail and learn from those failures sets you up for success.
Lots of Overtime pay, fixed shift pattern. 4 days work 3 days off
workplace, culture, fun at work, learning and growth opportunities
Environment, people, management, policies, cabs
- Modern, dynamic and solid Culture - Extremely innovative - Values the professionals as unique
Career Choice Programme 😀😀😀. Restricted Stock Units. Fixed shift pattern so work-life balance ok. Plenty of scope for progression & to better yourself.
- Work with smart people - Great hiring bar - Scale your career (Within Engineering) - Good compensation
I have learned new things every week. This is not a cliché, it is my actual experience. I am also enjoying being dared, challenged. Amazon competes against itself and so do I. There's no joy competing against others since once you beat them you end up being demotivated. Here I can work to give the best of me and learn how to increase my capabilities.  I joined Amazon as a Sr. Vendor Manager after being a Marketing Director at LG Electronics for 4 years and a Brand Manager at P&G for 8 years. Amazon has fulfilled my expectations which was moving into a company with people smarter than me and where I constantly learn new things without being bored about more of the same.
Flexible Shifts. Good working Environment
Good work life balance and growth in career. Great people and good learning. I have thoroughly enjoyed working here and it’s always a day1 for us
Great Leadership, Values, Customer Focused
Flexible hours are real, good salary, several online and presence training, there is a culture that encourages diversity for real. Very challenging environment and it seems that there is an actual career plan, although I still cannot confirm for sure.
Think big: with nearly unlimited cloud power with 120+ services, the sky is the limit in what we can achieve for our customers. Management pushes everyone hard to think much bigger to move the needle more effectively for our customers. Our 14 leadership principles provide good guide in daily decision making process, with large autonomy left to each individual.
Good salary, and good culture good motto
Pay enough,but still can be better
Challenging issues, working with large systems
Good wage, good company and a good cafeteria. The team leaders are very friendly and give you support where they can.
Good salary, good environment,good schedule, very goodManagement,greatest opportunity to move to other departments in three months or internally,t
Is really a good place to work
Pay is good. Work is interesting.
Good work culture and management.
Best work place and have lot of benefits! Great fun! Very much happy n Blessed to work with a great organization
There are no reasons I can think of .
If you work hard you ho ahead
I feel at least once everyone to work in Amazon to know what is "Work life balance" and to enjoy your life to the core.  It's just "Have fun, work hard, Make history"
Nice work space No work pressure
you get to work with the best team ever Dynamic and fast paced
Engaging environment. Fast-paced work. Great further education incentive
High Traffic. No marketing needed. Fairly easy to make listings.
- High hiring bar, attracts talented and driven people - Forward-thinking, welcomes new ideas and ways of doing things - Data-driven, making rational decisions
More to Learn even from small things. You'll Grow along with company and Nice work environment. Best facility and office space.
Well organised work culture and methods
- Working with very smart people in every team and every level - I never wondered "what is this person doing here?" - Cross- disciplinary learning, I am technically in Marketing but do get exposure to everything from Finance to Production and Tech, it's like doing a mini-MBA - The data-driven nature of the work is such that you rarely see bad ideas get through because someone up high said so, or because they're good at talking
Very international company, with a chance to speak many languages. Normal pay. (only two assets).
helps you to improve your language skills
work life balance 5 days working salary ontime 1 month notice period casual work culture
Awesome place to work at, know your responsibility of work and that's all required. Never seen a manager shout at any staff, Best place looking forward to work again.
Flexible times, good managers and top level people are good to walk up to talk to
good colleague and manager, good workspace
Many good good good good
One of the most innovative companies to work for.
Company is goodbut BHX1 RUGELEY is not nice place to work, lot of discrimination, favouritism and bullying.once you challenge something they make sure you are out of the company as soon as possible. Company benefits are good.
Smart People Exciting company Pretty good salary
-flexible working hours -good resource for self-learning -good explosure in different area
They have some good benefits, amazon stocks
Good atmosphere in the company
Location Benefits Salary Facilities Challenging
Good Environment for starting a career
Transparent system for all the departments.
Allows independence to work and extreme level of ownership is expected from each employee
fast paced, innovative and operationally challenging
Leadership principles and flexible work culture
work culture is awesome, You make good friends after college, I met great people and who are so down to earth
- Interesting entry-level position in an area (KYC and e-commerce) that is getting bigger and bigger over the time. - Lots of career opportunities in several related fields, especially if you are willing to move to a different country looking for new opportunities and experiences. - Good atmosphere in the office and good relationship between peers. - Quite good benefits.
A great company to work for,both in terms of learning and growth
permanant role Amazing Infrastructure and work culture Flat organizational chart Medical insurance upto 5 lakhs Accident insurance Life insurance Growth in every 6 months if you are having the potential
A organization with set process and operations. Gives a lot of opportunities to purse excellence and helps the individuals to maximize their true potential. One of the best paymasters in the market now.
Growth is very fast and fair chance is given to everyone in accordance to the 14 LP of Amazon. Good pay-scale as per the market Work from home as on demand Management is good, Training is provided for your growth Employee friendly company, NO dress code policy Everyone from each department is approachable always Free internet access to everyone Food court food in subsidized rate Other benefits like Home Internet bill reimbursement, Medical, Gym and other facilities are also provided. Various in-house Clubs for employees like Photography, Musical Bands etc. Taking care of employees very well in every manner who abide by the expectations of the company.
good enviroment snack bar,,popcorn no dress code 1 hour lunch good people and supervisors
chance to work with tech geek exposure to large scaled distributed systems rewarding work culture
Great organisation. Everyone is clear on what to do.
Flexible Timings & Work Culture, Systematic Assignments
Comfy place for average developers
The environment is simply Amazing, people are smart, young, active. We all share the company's vision and we are driven by the leadership principles that perfectly match with my view.
Good work ethic environment, great chance to grow internally. As it is growing very fast in India. All d best
Excellent model for hiring the best talent in the world Rigorous but scientific way to evaluate the candidates and select the best Look for 'skills', 'can be trained' aspect and 'can do' mentality for hiring the best
good salary, easy shifts, transport provided
permanant role Amazing Infrastructure and work culture Flat organizational chart Medical insurance upto 5 lakhs Accident insurance Life insurance Growth in every 6 months if you are having the potential
Best place to work for growing career
Great company and culture. Ability to learn and grow. Continuous focus on innovation.
Great culture, lots of freedom and tremendous growth opportunities
Processes and SOPs are build based on creative minds keeping customers in mind. This company helps employees to think with freedom and create processes.
great learning fun awesome culture wide interaction with technologies
Great opportunities. Professional environment. Your opinions are being heard.
Good atmosphere to work. Freedom 100%
Always be Day 1 atmosphere to encourage people try new ideas. 14 Leadership Principles make great team work.
Great office culture and friendly staff
No two days will be the same. Huge opportunity to develop yourself in areas that are of interest to you throughout your career. Amazing company to work for in such a growth industry.
Very nice place and international people to work with. I traveled and meet with nice colleagues in different clusters. they are providing fruits and an all-hands party every quarter.
This company really makes you feel good.. they always have activities and prizes for the employees
-Good working environment -HRs are helpful
Working in Amazon gives me a fulfilled and job satisfaction feel . Workmanship in Amazon is truly concerned on the comfort level of an individual and always yields our mind to work backwards and towards goal and for customer.
Good company to work for
Having Good learning exposure in this organization
Work Culture is good and higher management is easily approachable
Benefits, Profit Sharing, Good for people who want to work many hours.
Amazon is the best company which provides the quality products at lower price.
Assured products at maximum quality
International environment Billa downstairs Metro right outside the office Fruit day
I would like to move to Atlanta and Amazone is the company I would like to progress my carrier with
Lots of opportunity at Amazon, for a huge company it amazingly feels like a startup. Once you’ve been here a while you can start to look at other positions in other parts of the world.
above min wage paid weekly direct to bank. recieve both a paper and digital payslip
Awesome place to work and to learn
People really prepared, you learn from day one. I´ve worked in two different teams and in both we worked as a team, even if the position could generate competitiveness, we always helped to improve as a team.
I would like to work and serve the satisfaction of it's aims and objectives. Also to sensitise the customers on the operations and items.
Great place to learn new technologies. Amazon builds a lot of tools that are then used by software developers across the world. Working with Amazon, you get the opportunity to learn on all such cutting edge technologies before anyone else. So, if you are passionate about learning, then this is the place to be. Further, it is a very employee friendly company, where feedback from employees is taken very seriously and action taken. Working with the best brains in the industry also improves your quality as a professional. Salary is one of the best in the industry.
If you like to be contained by a big company, but at the same time being in the front line of fire, making bold decisions, connected to the business and needing to understand everything... this is your place.
Work environment Culture Less pressure Proper training Superb colleagues
Good work place, good place to grow. Friendly environment, open culture. Overall a very good place to work & grow.
great place to learn new things
Easy to take leaves and extremely chilled work environment
Interesting people and assignments in a variety of projects
best place to start your career
Very transparent and data driven
Amazing company environment - friendly and customer obsessed
Amazon is great place, every day is new learning and yes it is! Amazon don't restrict people to learn and grow, this is probably one of my strongest motivators. I believe there are ocean of opportunities, we just need to identity and grab it.
Good transportation, They did have advancement opportunities but its very hard to move up and will take a couple years. Private insurance which is good. Some departments are doing well like AWS but stay clear of any of the jobs in Calle Blancos other than Audible.
Fast pace and challenging environment, variety of opportunities.
- innovative environment, no dress code - you can take on responsibilities and work independently
Good people, fast work environment
Clear job roles Good growth opportunities Good Employee experience metrics
In Amazon, you are given full guidance with adequate time to understand the processes. Then you are empowered to think, to decide, to act as a Business Owner and to impact the business. In other organizations, often this approach isn't practiced.
There is Continuous learning with lots of challenges. They have huge volume of customers. Can test new ideas quickly. Lots of new opportunities.
Great work culture:)Would never want to leave Amazon.
Freedom to work in amazon
Work Friendly environment. More systematic and precise in all process. Project wise more scope of learning.
All you need is of willingness to grow and effort you put in
Work with smart people who are motivated and aligned with the company's goals  The company isn't afraid of change, if you want to make changes or challenge the norm, this is welcome.
Casual work culture. Less stress.
Good exposure to learning and innovations
Career prospects and Project Exposure
Good workplace, decent colleagues. Benefits, nightshift allowance, home pick and drop.
Nice place to work. Friendly atmosphere
The work culture is out of the world. The employee benefits are just unbelievable.
Get paid for exercise. Its not customer service.
A very employee friendly organization with a very casual environment no dress code and just result oriented. A kind of an ideal place for an employee.
Work environment, flexibility, growth and development
Very strong valued company and well organised place to work learning wise also it is awesome place to be good exposure too
no dress code, can work freely no pressure
Great Ambience and work culture. Great growth
Best company, great atmosphere, dynamic company with growth options
The culture, fast paced, learning every day and very solid hiring process
Amazon has state of the art infrastructure and offers best in market facilities and work environment. Employees enjoy free work environment and there is lot of growth opportunity. Company worth settling and laying foundation of a prosperous and promising career.
Overall experience has been good
Really great work atmosphere! Day one everyday, I have never learn so much in a company !! Everyday we learn new technologies, dive deep into the technologies. No pressure on work daily basis. Time to develop ideas and plan projects
innovative company As an employee you are exposed to a complete echo system
Excellent work culture and ethics, a little stressful sometimes.
Its awesome to be here. one line fills in everything.
The work culture is cool
Culture, freedom to build things, real commitment to employees career , global mobility and some really smart people to work with
Good work environment, friendly people, learn new stuff, flexible work timings
Good and friendly environment, immediate assistance during project works, manager friendly, pick up and drop in cab/ shuttle, performance review rating done well for employees,
Great environment to work and friendly people.
Flexible working. Smart people so makes getting the job done easier. Opportunities to explore other roles if you have a supportive manager.
Good work environment, work from home, benefits, team outings, good support. Leaves
Culture, Dynamism, Infrastructure, Security and Leadership Principles
Everything and best to learn in work environment
Haha I don't think you can find any. Maybe the free coffee.
lot of things to learn
Inventive, challenging, pioneering, fantastic people,
Inspiring, lots of ownership and a culture to our smart, fun and highly motivated people.
good Company great people move at good pace
The ambience and the work culture
What I love about working at Amazon is that you get to be surrounded by brilliant, hard working AND kindly people. It's extremely rare to find a company where one's opinion and ideas (always based on data) are listened to and even valued. Nowhere else have I felt I could have such an impact on my company and customers (internal and external). It's a thrilling and exciting company to work for.
Not a lot of pros. A good start for freshers.
Good place to work and Best work environment
Lots of innovation, great minds around
Excellent opportunity to grow and learn new things
- you are surrounded by smart people constantly - you are pushed to give the best of yourself - you learn a lot - you are 'where the business grows' - multiple professional opportunities, with new teams and projects created in permanence
Great place to work A lot of learning & growth opportunities A peculiar culture and strong leadership principles Global exposure Ownership & Innovation
Great culture Great team Flexible Fun Great growth opportunities
its avery good place to work
Not a lot of pros. A good start for freshers.
It is hard to get a promotion.
good work culture,less pressure and good hospitality
There's not many positives to work at Amazon, pay and benefits
Employees are talented, friendly and approachable. A good place to start your career as there is so much that you can learn from colleagues. Amazing work environment and great emphasis on customer satisfaction.
- you are surrounded by smart people constantly - you are pushed to give the best of yourself - you learn a lot - you are 'where the business grows' - multiple professional opportunities, with new teams and projects created in permanence
Great work Culture and friendly management!
They seem to listen to you and hence can force you to work tirelessly for them. All looks well bit doesn’t end well.
Amazon is a great place to work with very pleasant atmosphere , colleagues will be very friendly. Here it is an open window policy where everybody's ideas will be respected and helped to bring it up to the next level.
Growth, Learnings, Excellent people to work with and learn from.
- Employee friendly policies ( 'Putting employees first' is what I could observe from most of Amazon's policies) - Challenging Environment ( Strong peer group & great leadership) - World class Benefits - Innovation driven - Complete Autonomy on your assignments - Very flexible (WFH, flexible work hours) - Lateral movements within the company (Move anywhere and do what you like to do)
Awesome Company Very Good Atmosphere Attractive Salary
Salary for graduates is good
1. The great working environment 2. The ambience 3. The events 4. NO DRESS CODE
Internal evolution possibilities in other sector. Training are qualitative & continue. Possibility to adapt your work time. Good balance between pro & personal life time.
If you are a beginner this is the best place to start your career. You can learn a lot in Amazon and learning is a never ending process here. Every day is a new learning and new experience. Salary - Good Ambience - Good Work culture - Good Growth - Good Benefits - Good
Amazon has lot of different teams. You can directly switch to any team. You can drive your promotion yourself.
Cool Environment, Friendly People, Not so Hectic Work, Quarterly Outings, Flexible Timings.
Dynamic company with high standards, excellent people and good working conditions and lots of benefits and compensation package. Overall friendly environment.
Salary Work Environment Balance between work life and personal life
Good initial compensation but the take home keeps dropping if you do not get promoted by Year 2.
Lots of opportunities Good pay
Great place to work Good team Amazing work culture
transport, learning, opportunities for growth
best company i had ever seen
Amazing company , Work environment is great and opportunities to grow are great as well.
Awesome environment ,friendly culture,nice place to work
So many things to learn
Strong Leadership Principles and employee friendly company
- genuine Customer obsession - young and dynamic environment
networking, linux, xen, cloud ipsec
Work environment is very nice.
The learning The freedom to work in your own style Taking initiatives are encouraged Good crowd
Nothing, hot chicks , u get free time a lot, leave policy is good, good for fresher's only
Progressive, visionary, customer centric and technology driven.
The culture of-course and the recognition for your ideas and hard-work
Individual contribution Cab free and Food (1100 / month)
Autonomy to define your roadmaps, to innovate on behalf of Customers, control over work life balance, access to great talent, learn, grow, dynamic environment. You also have freedom to change teams internally at any time offering you great variety of domains and technologies
Great working conditions, decent salary and benefits, good working atmosphere, fair interview process
co workers, office building, daily interaction with stakeholders,
Highly Motivated, Good culture, career planning is better
easy job for university graduates looks good on CV nice colleagues and diverse enviroment
A great place to work!
Huge network.. lots of learning and engineers
Work place, Visibility on delivering the job
Good Pay. Market leader in Technology. Technically challenging
Health Insurance, Green Commute, Free Spanish Classes
Good benefits and work environment
The people who I worked with in Amazon were supportive and willing to help whenever you needed it. There is calm and relaxed environment among employee. There would be occasions where there would be events that employees could take part in events that were organised by the managers.
Being able to work from Home Also exciting working for a company who truly focus on the customer with everything they do.
Being able to work from Home Also exciting working for a company who truly focus on the customer with everything they do.
One of the biggest company on earth, many opportunities around the globe
nice environment to work in company .
Amazon gives you opportunities to be able to drive the entire project from start to end
Great environment, great benefits, real growth opportunities
People, opportunities, learning and development, compensation, global reach, cutting edge technology and innovation, amazing benefits, leadership principles/culture and values
Lots of learning, lots of good people around, lots of good technologies being used
Amazon is without a doubt like no other company out there! Just one day in and you'll notice it... super young energy and culture, so much inclusion and partnership!
Very dynamic, costumer centric, full of talented people. Great work environment.
amazon intenship is best in India they give so much knowledge about marketing in all the places
A very friendly place to work at. Helpful colleagues and managers . Good opportunities of growth.
Culture, Ethics, Customer Focused and Employee friendly
1. Great development work. 2. if you work in service companies and get an offer here, it will be of another level. 3. Great managers. 4. Really smart and helping people. 5. unimaginable pay. 6. Great Leave policy and flexible timings. 7. Many options to change project and countries.
Good team member. Convenient location.
Have met some great people. Co-workers are nice.
Pretty chill environment, lots of leaves, IJP, incentives, college like feeling, so perfect for freshers who have no clue what to do next in life- no judgement , I was one of them!
Freedom to work, talented people around
The benefits would be good if they kept employees long enough to have them effective.
Good hours and pay and benefits
Big company, good name on CV, good social and great colleagues.
offer opportunities, fast moving, encourage creativity
Lots of opportunities in different domains and technologies.
Everything! Perfect Organization to develop yourselves.
Scope to broader your horizon and get bigger picture.
really smart people work here, great stimula coming from all around
interesting work, always interesting and fun
Amazon is a workplace for young, motivated and talented employees. Amazon principles truthfully drive the business. Good career perspective and salary incentives.
- Own a business within Amazon
Good hours and pay and benefits
Excellent pay and job environment, it would be stress full but however the leads supervisors assisting are so cool, you would never feel like quiting the job
This company one of the best company is that fild. Implore fill free to work this company.
good C&B package, great people
Nice environment to work under
Work culture, opportunities, people, work place
fast change,  innovative environment (not that much as in the early days) high impact in most corporate roles
Best and fun place to work. One cam learn more
Great benefits, casual environment, unlimited coffee supply, opportunity to learn new technologies.
Good place to work and earn. Good peers to work with.
Great work environment, seniors are also very helpful, lot of fun activities and outing happens
You're always guaranteed to work with an amazing group of people.
Amazon is a Best place to work and to know how scale up the business and Targets
# Flexible Timings for In, Out & Breaks. # Internal Transfer Option # Compensation Packages # Safe Place to work # Fun at Work # Stressless Life
good peer workers, casual dress code
Depends on your team, Work culture is awesome. Some teams innovate all the time. Work life balance is very good
nice working culture no dress code work pressure is less as compared to other IT companies. all co-workers are really helpful .
I work as a Big Data Engineer , Nice company to work for Work From Home Flexible Timings Not muchpressure New technologies to work for Steep Learning curve
Innovation, Retail and IT worldwide leader
Excellent flexible working for office staff (flexible hours, wfh). Very open communication across all levels of staff, friendly environment, can get involved in projects, not being micromanaged.
friendly environment, good work culture
* You would really enjoy working here as you get to take ownership of what you are trying to build. * Work from home option * Flexible work hours * Plenty of opportunities if you have tenacity to build your skills.
Best employee engagement, security and travel facilities
Hard work will be appreciated, friendly atmosphere, plenty of benefits if permanent position is offered, scheduled shifts (40 hours over 4 days) with plenty of variety in shift patterns to fit around any other obligations, good pay even at entry tier
Being a global organization, you have a very good reputation in the corporate world.
Good exposure. Lots to learn
The Independent culture and the best atmosphere over entire Amazon centers.
Professional team, Management are perhaps the most professional I have seen
Salary , Work culture, Friendly Management
Dog-friendly office, international environment, it looks good on CV (let's see), work is demanding but still, I liked it a lot
Free Cab, Happening environment, competitive atmosphere which doesn't keep you dull after continuous working hours.
Company culture is amazing.. Great people. Great benefits. "Work hard have fun make history".
I am working in amazon for past 10 months and it was a great experience working here as there is no stress. we have an employ friendly atmosphere here. I love going to office.
You get to work with really smart people
This company is like "marmite": you love it or you hate it. There is an intense focus on customers, a constant quest for innovation, a furious pace, a rigorous and ruthless execution. Among all that, you work with some of the smartest people and a truly international culture. This is also a great window on the trends of the "future of work".
I've been working with Amazon for over 5 years now. Its been an amazing experience. I have learned a lot in this duration as well as had a blast.
Decent Salary and work culture!
My journy with Amazon till now is great. Every individual can be leader and take initiatives.  You're open to ideas and suggestions.  You can get a mentor(s) to help you suceed in carrier and never ending learning
Happy to work No pressure
- opportunity to grow professionally - smart people to work with - professional management - great environment to work
Amazing working culture. Top notch people.
The office space is great, great location and facilities. We have a kitchen and kitchenette on each floor.
Lots of available overtime if you are looking to make more money 3 days off when overtime isn't called
good job ,less work load
Great working environment, no dress code, less restrictions.
Best Work culture environment, Friendly Management, Space to Grow, Land of opportunities, Learn many new things.
Lots of scope for learning & driving improvement
the work environment is good and good career growth
Challenges analytical skills and bias for action.
very good culture and good atmosphere to work
a good startup job. but less opportunities in canada
Work quality is good, u got to code more.
innovative minds all together at one place, visionary CEO, abundant leaves, great parental leave policy
work/ life balance is good
motivational atmosphere to learn there.
Lifestyle, hifi atmosphere, friendly managers, amazing colleagues
Excellent work culture, Employee benefits and leaves per year
Culture Salary Canteen Location Duration
there are many,too lazy to list it all
good job ,less work load
Good Salary Pander to the right people and you can move up quickly
Too supporting managers and working environment is too cool and overall it feel best to work with amazon
Probably the best place to work for any field, from Software Development to Support. Amazon has a great culture and gives independence of work.
Hated every minute of working here
Great place to learn and improve
Cutting edge technology, empowered employee culture, values the individual. Shape the future of cloud computing. Dive deep culture that places a lot of value on writing. Above average remuneration not top. Average benefits.
Flexible timing. No minimum time to complete kind of thing.
Such a great company .such great experience to work with this company i want become a part of this company
Most innovating company ever, very exiting work environment.
Great people working in Amazon, some of the brightest minds and personalities out there. Challenging and sometimes fun work in an extremely fast-paced environment. Great work/life balance if you set that boundary for yourself. There are great golden handcuffs with the RSUs when you start.
Some of the best minds that you can work with and you can gain wide knowledge.
Great to start with and learn. Its good in the beginning of your career but gets frustrating as you grow.
Amazon is employee friendly and if you are thinking about your career growth it is sure one of the best places to be at.
Great place to work Flexibility, friendly
Very good organization culture ,flexible working hours, Good onsite opportunities they polish the candidates
Learn Jeff bezzos way of doing work
Excellent perks,office and teams to collaborate with!
Awesome place to work for freshers.
Amazing work culture, good work life balance
Work with amazon is a good Environment
Fun at Work, every employee is treated as leaders and culture is great.
The best environment to work under. The brand name itself will take you a long way. You can grow internally.
work environment Infrastructure  work Culture
Its very good place to work. Really very good culture
Amazon allows their employees to take a great amount of ownership over ideas brought to the business. It is very exciting to be part of such a large organization that can still feel very much like a startup.
*full independence *flexibility *development plan *possibility to move to another team/country
Good pay, good benefits, good progression structure
good compensation and flat hierarchy
Great organizational environment, full benefits, they trust on you, you can be yourself
Working Hard, Having Fun, Making History
Employee friendly, great payer, allows WFH and data driven
Good job for vacations with good money
Awesome ambience, more organized FC's. All activities are with well defined SOP
Good Career & Development opportunities, Diverse & Friendly environment
Amazon is a good company for those who are hard-working. There I will always get the opportunity to prove myself. I will also be given access to people and resources who can help me achieve myself. Amazon is a place fostering difference to emulate innovation. So no need to conform, just the need to produce results.
I am working in amazon around one and half years feel like still day one. Job secure is 200 percent there is no layoff in this company until you are not doing any error
Good work life balance. Employees are empowered to make decisions. Transparency.
good salary great opportunity to learn very helpful team members friendly managers good work/life balance right amount of flexibility a lot of new challenges
-Autonomy and a lot of responsibility to shape strategy - Fast paces and lots of opportunities to take on project work - Willing to test and prove out new ideas - Competitive salary of 48k + ~30k in shares
strong culture that supports innovation every employee is asked a daily question to make sure we have real-time information about how employees feel about their work and their team. Continual growth creates lots of opportunities for movement in the company, including relocation to a different country The company is like 100 startups - so the culture encourages risk and works hard to be a "blame-free" culture to encourage employees to try new things. The 14 Leadership Principles blow my mind they are so smart - and they are lived every day in words and actions.
Amazing work culture, dress code, number of leaves per annum,
1. high bar for learning and training 2. excellent work culture
Good work, get to design applications from scratch.
The environment in which we work will be really very encouraging. We can get a constant guidance for improving our skills. career path and growth will be based on performance.
There is growth and recognition for the efforts
Access to new technologies, good learning environment, freedoms with working remotely. Many opportunities to transfer to other departments or countries
Location in the city Some colleagues were nice
Friendly work environment, opportunity to implement ideas and initiatives. Good facilities
Flexible, lots and lots of people to work with
Good culture and motivated environment
Good diferent positions oportunities to apply for.
Good opportunities for growth, great exposure, people are smart and has healthy ambience.
Good opportunities for growth, great exposure, people are smart and has healthy ambience.
Lots of independence, good work never goes unnoticed
its all good, everything for me
It is a good company to work with
Good people, good performance
Very good growth opportunities, friendly environment
- Leverage on the market, so it is easy to learn a lot in your job, opportunity to do many (different) things
Nothing much to talk about
Nothing to right now as the management has changed completely and work culture has changed.
Best Work Culture Dynamic Environment to work Developer friendly tools which make developers to spend more time on business & technological improvements We can see all the leadership principles being inspired by everyone ! Some of the smart minds of the world works here which will give you a chance to learn and develop you skills along with your peers ! Get inspired from you leaders. Clear career path ! As a fresher, can learn how the MNC culture will be & the same time work as a startup ( read about pizza teams in Amazon ) Off course, Good pay !!
Infrastructure, Amazon culture and Work Environment is just amazing Amazon treats everybody equally Managers are within reach and any level managers could be easily contacted
If you are a little known to the management and prove your trust with your work, there is a lot of flexibility. Team members are supportive and come to your help when needed.
honestly I cant think of any positives except good heating system
Friendly Environment to work in
Best work place, not just customer centric but also employee centric. Amazon is the only company that stands by all its policy and makes sure that its always day 1 @Amazon.
Employee friendly environment. Everybody is very supportive
Facts and data driven, innovative, fast growing environment. the main issue to tackle is how satisfy customer and grow bigger, faster, cheaper. A great challenge to take on. Loads of opportunities for people ready to challenge themselves and to move positions and/or location
Team work good environment
Lot of opportunities to learn and grow
Work life balance was good
Work life balance was good
Very smart people eager to improve and also proud of their work. A 3rd millennial company. Huge challenges at every step. Being part of initiatives that will shape the future. Undoubtedly a career accelerator. If you want to take data-backed decisions, it’s the perfect place for you to evolve. A startup culture despite its 500,000 employees is present and felt at every step. For example, projects and products are rolled despite not being perfect as it is assumed the best advice comes from real-word results and feedback. Jeff is not joking when he says it’s still Day 1. Among the most efficient job interviews ever.
Great treatment to the employee, great benefits, the area for us to work is amazing, and great communication between the employees and the leader group.
Great company values and lots of trust in management
Good compensation, Great stock appreciation, Offer unparalleled learning opportunities.
everything good. one of the best
It was the good environment to work in. Knowledge sharing and team work makes you expert in the field.
Good pay scales, professional work environment, data driven work culture
Best work culture. Best facilities to work in a company
Great company to work for, always looking to promote and grown the admin team
Best place to work in the present time
Age group of 22-25 can be seen mostly and managers around 24-28
Good learning experience and work culture
Amazon is definitely amazing, you can learn a lot of knowledge, test your self in a fast-change environment and have the chance to meet so much interesting people, during the day you are really busy but is not definitely a heavy job thanks to the dynamic situation that are all the time different so you will never be bored! Also you have the chance to change working FC/State, I been in UK for 3 years and thanks to Amazon I had the chance to back to my own country.
Internal Search to get documentation on any topic.
It is difficult to find positives apart that I have to work somewhere
– Very good company values – Customer-centric – Freedom to innovate – Good salary and stock
Amazon is the most customer centric company on earth.
Free development, possibility to develop in an highly new recruiting department, facilities of high qualities, time flexibility, work from home.
Good work life balance.  Parents also covered in health insurance with a nominal deduction from pay.
Learning and opportunities are in abundance.
Great career opportunities at Amazon, where hard work is highly rewarded A "Raise the bar" state of mind that push forward to learn new skills (SQL, Excel Advanced, etc.) A very attractive salary for fresh graduate
Amazon is better job that
Simple Job No special skills are required Non-Technical 15 Casual leaves, 12 Annual Leaves, 12 Sick Leaves + Optional Leaves
Best place to work and best work culture.
best company to work as a fresher
- Clear career guidance and management interest in career development - Opportunity to increase the scope of role - Reach to best leaders in the industry - Get to work on cutting edge technology
The best place to work in Customer Service Domain. Great work culture.
good pay & appreciation from time to time
Market leader - great for CV
so many different opportunities to explore
If you are willing to work in an organization with friendly environment and with a vision to help you grow in your carrier then you definitely have to be a part of Amazon.
Many education resources available internally Friendly, helpful, extremely intelligent colleagues Intensive training before taking customer queries Many opportunities for professional growth (vertical and horizontal) Freedom to creatively tackle problems (minimal red-tape)
good place to work under great leadersa
Great positive environment to work. Amazing benefits from the company.
Awesome environment to work Good culture Every day is like a Day 1 Good salary Awesome work culture
Free hot drinks. That is all.
Ambitious and challenging tasks in every role. Personal growth is actively encouraged. Amazon Leadership Values are transparent and applied everywhere. Great teams and brilliant contributors. You'll thrive if you're hands-on and a team player, as status-seeking and being arrogant won't get you far on most teams.
Brilliant brand value, good money, process oriented
People are awesome still they have their cons Everyday is a new learning Leadership skills, ownership skills, judgemental skills you name it I ve got it.
Leader of the cloud industry
Work hard, have fun, make history
potential for development, the possibility of go-away trips, transparency
Energetic, lots of new challenges
Great quality of work - cutting edge, innovative @scale, options to work @multiple locations outside India (US, UK, EU, Australia)
Free hot drinks. That is all.
good platform for software engineering
Rapid development environment Good learning curve
Friendly atmosphere, no bindings for promotions, get feedbacks for improvements every now and then, work hard get your recognition.
International and exciting environment, mainly focus on the happiness of the employees.
Working at Amazon is just Amazing or I should say AMAZONING!!!!  Its been more 7 years now and I honestly feel so great working at Amazon.
Great place to work!! I have been here for 3 years now and still it feels like day 1. My first job and I do not think I'll be able to leave this place easily... Amazing career growth opportunities and you can move to any field if you display the required skill and behavior. I love working here and everyone feels valued to be a part of this organization.
Good benefits. Great career opportunities.
- As a graduate you get a healthy pay check..thats it
Fruit day on Wednesdays. Some people are really smart and it's a pleasure to work with them.
beautiful cities than other cities
Very challenging work environment, lot of things to learn
Acknowledgement once the Resume is uploaded.
good working environment. work is recognized events help employees get closer in terms of work :)
work life balance is good
work life balance is good
Growth is faster as we have more visibility towards the work which we do.
The culture,the people,the food,the incentives ,being given the opportunity to grow quickly,the company shares...the list is endless. :)
Good company great learning and agressive
6+ years in HR operation, SME in onboarding,background verification, LOA, Exit management process
Work environment, benefits, transportation, salary and growing opportunities.
- Great teams - A ton of opportunities - Very interesting work and challenging projects
A smalls eton teams doing amazing work and moving the flew wheel. One of the best engineering development processes.
Focussed more about people expect people to work individually
Although the Leadership Principles might seem for non-Amazonians as rubbish or cult-like, they are helpful for structuring your work. Therefore you do not have lazy people which makes it a productive work environment. Everybody might be able to help you. No one holds you back because everybody wants to deliver results (one of the Leadership Principles).
- Smart Engineers - Good work-life balance - Above average pay - Openness and directness. I did not see that much politics
multicultural enviroment, learning & develepment opportunities, some benefits
Best working environment, work life balance, good salary ,good place to work
Learn a lot and good work office
There are really no pros I can think of.
i am first giving a general company review then i will go specific to ECOX team the review is for support engineer  - No fixed timings,A very flexible work timing, just make sure u attend meetings and complete   your work on time with high quality - No dress code - parties every 3 months - high salary -Brand name - Working with good people -Good culture
Pros: Great environment to work in. Very diverse and Amazon takes care of its employees very well.
This is amazing place to work for as a customer service representative. You get awards and recognition for work and incentive based on your performance. Work culture is out of the box. No much work pressure as other companies. Friendly work environment. Growth in career is fast.
Great manager, pleasent culture and good development opportunities
Good people. Okay management. Room for growth. Average salaries and the benefits are not all that bad as well. I dont regret it.
multicultural enviroment, learning & develepment opportunities, some benefits
people are very open, friendly and positive, leaders are very approachable though
Amazon in overall is an Organization that values the well being of its employees. Ideal work environment where you can take your time to get around things. Peoples treat each other equally despite the differences in their position in the chain of management.
Best Work Environment, Good Management
Great pay, flexible work hours, tons of responsibility and opportunities for career advancement
﻿-- You get to work on challenging problems of Networking. -- Amazon values people with strong customer service skills﻿. -- Amazon had a fully remote position that allowed me to work from home. -- Your work impacts so many people
good,not bad, i just want to fine another new place to work
Exciting place to work on new technologies, people are highly motivated and enthusiastic to get the job done. Fast paced projects. Many opportunities to learn.
friendly environment is provided there
lovely work environment and good work culture
Great atmosphere, great salary and good people around.
Flexi hours allows you to go home whenever you feel like during a shift regardless of head count.  Night shift pay is decent for a warehouse.  Good benefits if you're lucky enough to get in on them. (takes a lot of mithering and paperwork)  Good job for a brown noser and people who have no ambitions.
Love my job and colleagues.
- Challenging work that keeps you engaging - Values your inputs into business with no discrimination of level - Ample opportunities to move across the organization for one's growth - Competitive compensation in market for non-technical employees, standing in top 70th %le - Job security and satisfaction
Amazon gives each employee the opportunity to grow and build your career even if it's not directly related to your current role.
Good work life balance,Good bpo environment,meals and transportation.
Amazon is one of the employee friendly company that you can find. There's a lot to explore and learn every day. Great ambience and friendly staff No dres code, you get to chill out often with team outings
Some funny and kind people. Huge office so plenty of folk, bound to find some people you like. Great facilities management. Decent amount of forced fun activities. Opportunities for over time Opportunities for voluntary time off at quiet times Clean toilets Pleasant interior Great competitions at Christmas Great prizes and raffles and advent ideas.
great work life balance good pay
good go for it. nie plce
Own boss, no hassle at depot or on the road.app easy to use. Amazon flex is not bad no stress at all and you work on your own
Freedom (to propose a new project, improvements), bar raising (always improve everything, always we should be better).
-Meritocracy. If you're smart and work hard, you'll be recognized and move forward -Full of smart people -Atmosphere of entrepreneurship / problem solving
Offers attractive package. Freedom to take offs and work from home. Good infrastructure. Great technologies to work. many things to learn.
Amazon has a convivial environment makes you come to work daily.  Stress-free work culture.  Amazing growth opportunities.
Best working environment Lot of new and innovative products to work with The best part of Amazon is the way people work.
Work Atmosphere, work culture, People behavior, coaching aspects
Nice to work in cool environment.
* High exposure to technologies * Competitive compensation and Amazon stocks (which are soaring every year) * Very wide career growth opportunities (eg: switching from technical to management/business is quite easy) * Humble and very approachable leadership * Developers have great transparency in business decisions * Some very smart people to work with * Relatively easy to move to Seattle
Cool workplace No dress code Friendly managers and co-workers
Cool workplace No dress code Friendly managers and co-workers
Lot of innovation, Customer Obsession, excellent growth path and you get to be part of history every day!
There are many opportunities for everyone who want to take success in life ...improve skills as well as enhance knowledge about everything
Provides best opportunities to work in
Cool Environment Friendly Managers No Dress Code Awesome facilities Especially most securest job for girls  On the Whole perfect place to enjoy work..
- Great challenging work with top clients - Amazon brand when negotiating deals is very powerful (makes the job easier)
Vibrant, dynamic, energetic, enthusiastic, demanding, playful, fun filled, collaborative, colorful, non-conventional, peculiar, learning culture
Immense Carrier Opportunity. Growth Opportunities are there. You are encouraged to share your opinion and ask questions. There is no handholding here, you'll learn by making mistakes. People are OK with the mistakes committed by you but you must not repeat it. Pay is good obviously (Best in the Industry). You are encouraged to explore your potential. Interview Process is very good. You'll face many rounds of interview here. I found mine interview more like an interactive session.
Wonderful working environment for every level employees.
Decent pay good facility and working environment
Good Place to work Can learn lot of things Friendly work environment Work life balance Work hard you will be recognized
To work on amazon cloud for better security
good place to work. friendly colleagues.
Friendly Opportunity to learn new skills Supportive
good environment good culture good work culture good wfh good leaves
Stay fit Friendly environment, coworkers and supervisors ICQA work is very fun, Outbound work is boring and physically demanding
When I joined Amazon there were too many inspiring people to work with. Later within a year they left. In the next batch all jokers joined as managers and they treated their juniors like slaves. Company is good but it depends on the team you are in.
It has an amazing culture, you get to grow on the company is just about hard work. Management is engaged and you get to learn about the business a lot.
Easy job. Constant work is needed but nothing too hard. If you are lucky you get to o other jobs
Its a billion dollar MNC
Great place to learn and have an impact.
Hard work, but very rewarding, both monetarily and emotionally. Great colleagues, all working towards the SAME results.
Great Work Ethics and culture. Very nice place for people who like to work hard. Nobody wastes time in unnecessary activities like CSR/Event Management etc.
Everything will be great from starting to end
Great managers. Good opportunities for advancement. Decent Pay and yearly raises. Lots of free food and activities yearly. Double pay holidays.
Place where everyone is a leader Really live up to the leadership principles Innovation for customers is highly encouraged
work environment, challenging responsibilities, career path, compensation
i can't find anything that can compliment them in anyway
Innovative solutions and empowering employees
Employee friendly culture exists here
Employee friendly culture exists here
It is my first job at Amazon as a Non-Voice associate. Good place to climb up the corporate ladder but not really sure when will you be pushed down. Be ready for the typical anxiety issues if you already have!
excellent work place and good
Recommends Positive Outlook Approves of CEO  I have been working at Amazon full-time (More than 3 years)  Pros  A lot is happening in Amazon. Fantastic time to be part of the growth journey. The stock prices are doing awesomely well! Those who have been here 4-5 years AND have not sold the stocks- well- they have it made. New businesses are amazing. AWS, Alexa, Amazon Payment... the list is endless. They make moving within the company a breeze! Very fast moving, data driven- and narrative based discussions- not PPT! That is a game changer.
Amazing Environment and Work Life Balance. Best place for work.
1) Recognition for innovation and smart work. 2) Great place to learn and experiment. 3) Working with smart people keeps you on your toes and helps you learn. 4) Fast paced culture, growth based on your performance. 5) Ease of moving across teams is great tool for the organisation and individual, employees can move to teams that offer better culture, growth and work 6) Fair HR department that focus on employee development and mitigation of concerns.
very few, awful place to work
Culture, Work and personal life rhythm, Space for your creative minds,
Easy to upload on the jobfinder site!
Can enjoy new challenge and develop my skill and knowledge
Excellent work culture No dress code Good CAB facilities Growth .
Good place for work and life balance
Good environment to learn in or innovate. Amazing leadership principles. One can learn a lot only if they push themselves. There is no hand holding. Resources are readily available when required.
No restrictions work culture, Music on floor, fun activities, post peak party, recognition, rewards, goodies.
The only pro about working for Amazon is the ability of standing up for yourself and speaking up after this unique experience. Realizing that you are a worth much more than this company treats you, being able to say no to modern slavery. This experience traumatized me but also made me a lot stronger. Thank you Amazon :)
- Has a broad vision - Job satisfaction is a lot more compared to most competitions out there. - Generally good crowd to work with
1. Flexibility in work timing 2. Attractive Package 3. Customer satisfaction 4. Work culture ethics
AWESOME journey for the whole period
Good compensation Smart coworkers Company truly cares about its customer
Handsomely paid.. Two weekoffs
Good pay. If you join as an level 4 employee you will be earning more in the form shared rather than your actual CTC.
Good company to work for.
Exciting Opportunities, Great crowd, only performance matters, lots of learning
Plenty of hours and good pay.
Amazon walks the talk when it comes to making Leaders follow its leadership principles, and every decision is thinking on its Customers
None at all that i know of
Here everything is AWSome in Amazon!!!!!!!!
-Epic work culture -Good pay structure -Decent bonus as well
nice environment.good place to work.
A lot is happening in Amazon. Fantastic time to be part of the growth journey. The stock prices are doing awesomely well! Those who have been here 4-5 years AND have not sold the stocks- well- they have it made. New businesses are amazing. AWS, Alexa, Amazon Payment... the list is endless. They make moving within the company a breeze! Very fast moving, data driven- and narrative based discussions- not PPT! That is a game changer.
Flexible work timing Complete ownership at work Good employee policy
Exciting place to work where everything moves extremely quickly. Seems to be new people joining every week. Very focused on the customer across the whole company and any feedback is passed into the chain for the solution or product changes. Exciting place to be and the compensation package is very good.
Fast paced, Start up vibe, free soda
decent money, flexible, no heavy workload
Interesting Culture (people and location), good opportunities, benefits, prestige
The briliant minds you work with, this is absolutely true. The self-leading path of development and learning, since they give you a million opportunities to learn side-tasks, or things not directly related to your work
Leadership skills are the base and explained in detailed to us from the first day. Working environment is what drives everybody to work for Organization.
people area so cool , great place to work, training is awesome, management team on site are the best i have ever seen . many development oppurtunties
Work environment is too good and friendly.
Amazon Web Services (aka AWS) is a great place to work at, the work is interesting and the environment is great. The customer obsession moto works also within the company, where many of the peers are considered customers and thus the atmosphere is one of collaboration and help.
It is a challenging environment that keep asking you to think and come with creative ideas for solving difficult problems. you will never stop to think and will never get bored.
Structure, Flexibility, Adaptability, Fun, Busy.
faster growth you can get to learn many things friendly environment
very good to work and very nice environment
Best place to work in freedom
Flexible working hours, good pay and friendly workforce
I like Amazon very much. I want to work in a reputed organization which helps me to improve my knowledge and my technical skills. So I want to work in Amazon.
*Mostly Freshers - Good place to learn * Good Pay for a Fresher * Transportation- Home pick up and drop * Cafeteria for Amazon employees with plenty *Young crowd *Ideal place to start a career
Good Culture, Opportunity, Free Atmosphere
It's been few months in Amazon now. It was riding in a roller coaster till now. Great people!! Great thoughts!! Greater fun!! You will not see any micro managing here. It's still day 1. #proudamazonian
Had a 2 week training plan set up before I started, allowed my to learn about my role and meet my team. Company believes in its leadership principles and lives by them. Manager is always looking at how I can grow and develop not only the role but myself. Culture is wonderful, all teams work together and are really helpful. Recruitment is a big thing at Amazon and its taken very seriously around the whole company.
the team were like family and line manager was a really nice guy
Great team spirit Great team mates Great bosses (at least mine) Here people prefer to talk rather than yell each other Great social benefits and pay Great career oportunities inside Amazon
- Excellent work environment -No micro management -No fixed work time
Culture Work nature Colleagues Work-Personal Life Balance Competitive yet Supportive teams Great opportunities to switch between teams & pursue your interests Comparatively good compensation & benefits Good Policies
The culture here is so good that you wot regret to go to office to work
frequent trainings as per your skills, can enhance skill set, awesome culture, flexi timings, work life balance, ethical, women empowerment...
Amazon is a challenging company. It is a company where you are support from your colleagues and supervisor. You can learn a lot and you are motivated to grow in the company.
Best place with goof work ethics.
*Friendly Environment *Awesome Workplace *Place to grow *Co-operative seniors *Versatile work culture
*Friendly Environment *Awesome Workplace *Place to grow *Co-operative seniors *Versatile work culture
No politics and flat hierarchy
Great leadership, very nice facilities, a lot of food, compensation
you will be getting more salary and insurance is also provided. food packages also provided
Good environment, cooperative team mates, lovely atmosphere
Looks neat and clean , the site is a real benefit for job seekers
very good culture, good workplace to work, salary credited on time, good brand NAME for a fresher to work on, very good transport, good place to grow, but it takes time around 3-4 yrs. overall a good non technical job.
Location is comfortable & offer's better salary with incentives and Benefits
Learning is good Free to take decisions Allow to do mistakes
Good pleace to learn good practices Work with good professionals Responsability since the first day Progression plan Good salary
Nice work and perks, Good salary
You learn a lot Understanding how a big company works is great Company culture is great Big opportunity
good working environment, no pressure, no bond, incentives.
Great professional growing ambient, good collaborator
The job Pays and takeson anyone from all backgrounds
No dress codes, environment, Work atmosphere, Recognition, Liberty, Stress-free life, Culture, Kitchenettes, Vending machines, fun activities, down to earth team managers and team leaders, Games (carom, fuzz ball, chess, table tennis, xbox one), Food courts, personal space, team mates, the list goes on and on, it's one the the best company to be in
You will have a lot of ownership
Good company to work with.
If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon.
the best of the rest
joined as a fresher.
In my opinion, the biggest advantage of working in Amazon is the pace of learning, and it is impossibly fast.
amazon treats everyone equally. work environment is the best. they give more importance to individual needs. they have a proper work life and personal life balance. as all amazoians say, we work hard, we have fun and we make history
First being the company's policy towards its employees. It treats each employee as a customer and takes complete care!! Amazon gives no standard framework to work within and encourages all employees to think out of the box and nurtures you towards achieving your career goals.
Things move fast even at this size of the organization. Very innovative bunch of peer group.
1. Easy to approach your superiors 2. Drive your own career. 3. High Pay.
Your learning curve will be high. Opportunity to solve complex problems. Opportunity to learn Amazon leadership principles. Pay will be high.
Good work environment. Free to explore various possibilities and learn new thing which helps widen your knowledge horizon
- One of the best companies to work for. - Dynamic workplace - No dress code - If you are customer obsessed, then this company is a temple where you can gain a lot of knowledge. - Seller interaction
opportunities different processes to learn from creative people all around to learn from awesome facilities flexible working hours awesome people! performant devices!
Medical benefit Paid holiday Extra paid overtime
- No stress - Good for freshers - Fun activities all time by Team managers, Trainers, HR team and Leadershi Team - Great work place and mantainance staff. - Flexible working Hours and extra pay for overtime. You can swap shifts if you don't like it. - No sir/mam culture - No need for degrees to get up in Hierachy.
Amazon is a company built for the 21st century with a combination of great culture, technology and scale. I have learnt a lot working in Amazon and has shaped me as an individual
Amazon is a flexible company that conside associate as human being and not robot. Really good working environement, lots of fun and free Nespresso coffee :)
A company where decisions are driven by it's leadership principles, the most important being customer obsession. These principles are not just guidelines to build successful businesses but a way of thinking that are applicable to professional and personal life.
Employee friendly company with good benefits
*Amazon really takes good care of its employees. NO doubt there. *No work pressure. Also we play while we work *It is a fun place to work. *Lots and lots of bonuses, gift vouchers, other benefits. *Also, we get to go on overnight trips and outings. *Apart from these, since Amazon is still growing in India, there is a lot of growth opportunity in this company. *I have seen people becoming Team Lead within 1.5 years of joining as an associate. *I have been promoted to being a mentor within 7 months.
give my best according to work norms
Best company I ever work in my life.
Work enviroment is insanely great and work is creative
Fun, surrounded by smart people, delivering real value to customers
Love the culture. I have only met about 1-2% idiots so far - which is extremely low for an enterprise like this. Be your own boss, do what you love, opportunities everywhere.
no contract good colleagues to work with good environment very good pressure put on juniors
I am working for Amazon Web Services Public Sector and absolutely love my job and working here. I am also lucky enough to work in a team that is well put together, which is not really something I can say of all my other past employers. Great people, great company.
Good work life balance,and shifts
1. Good work environment 2.Less stressful work 3.Lot of opportunities to learn and explore
-Work environment is really good, you get a chance to interact with so many pioneers in the same field.
Loved the place , great team and enough support when starting new.
Awesome work environment. Employee eccentric organization. Flexibility is the key to success.
The scale at which they operate allows a lot of learnings
The scale at which they operate allows a lot of learnings
Amazon is the best employer, Challenging career,ownership will be given to the employees. I just dont feel that i am an employee, i always feel that i am the owner of the process.
Young and dynamic team, flexible work hours and working from home options, many social events and a fun work environment.
- Great environment - Good pay - Relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere - Challenging environment - Great opportunity to achieve your professional goals, you will be listened on what you expect of it. - Amazing chance to learn and take courses - Great for relocation and traveling within the company
Competitive Salary and Interesting Work
The quality of work is good.
In Amazon, you always learn in one of the most competitive environments possible. This is very good for someone seeking for an accelerated growth.
1. High energy since the company is on a perennial growth path 2. Good fixed pay for engineers compared to competition 3. Flexible work policy with good employee benefits 4. Very easy to move internally across teams and hence low attrition
Many career opportunities. Pace of innovation is exciting. Customers are always first - feel like you adding value. Smart competent co-workers. Freedom to generate and execute on initiatives. Company is willing to give recognition for accomplishments.
Amazon has a unique culture of everyone working towards a common goal of being earth's most customer centric company. It's amazing to see a company of this size that has people at almost every level who are aligned to Amazon's way of working.
Extraordinary environment but extremely dynamic
* Most complex, varied, and fastest evolving technical environment there is * Intellectually challenging, very exciting * Very smart people work with you * Can recruit people, company is growing * Access to training, and culture of learning from each other and developing the best. * Very flexible structure, one can run with an idea. * Approachable hierarchy, not too pyramidal. All ideas are listened and challenged, good ideas are pushed forward. * A lot of opportunities to move to other teams * remote work possible * Company of engineers, architecture and code is expected from everybody and automation is the only way to handle the scale * Metrics and data driven culture for decision making * Very demanding environment, you can expect people around you to progress rapidly * Not too bureaucratic culture
Everyone is encouraged to take ownership - if you see a problem go fix it!
Always changing goals and priorities mean that roles are varied and engaging.
get to work with really smart and talented people. no office politics people busy delivering results helpful co-workers
Great services helping customers all size and type during the digital transformation journey, lots of learning and engagement with smart people in a real customers obsessed engagement
It is impressive how many intelligent people can work in one company. Diversity (in all senses) is welcomed and working with people from so many different backgrounds make my day even more interesting. It is a fast pace company, no doubt. The Leadership Principles are a clear picture of the company culture. If you relate to it, I strongly recommend to apply for a position at Amazon.
Very nice to work with
Nice and fun. Working at amazon is grate to learn and grow. It is a grate place.
great simply it's Amazon :)
Very nice to work with
Nice and fun. Working at amazon is grate to learn and grow. It is a grate place.
great simply it's Amazon :)
Good co workers and no issues for leaves there are unprofessional managers too who just want numbers nothing apart from it
Everything you need is here.
Versatile, Flexible and Best Work Environment. Good place to start with if you are looking for a great career. Good value for money and work. Lot of entertaining events and social outings.
Unique culture and fantastic training system
A fast paced environment with constant change and growth. Constant learning and lots of opportunities. Great sense of ownership. There is an allowance of time to come up to speed which really takes the pressure off.
- perfect team - enough money for technology - super teambuildings
Good to be part of the Amazon. Work culture is really awesome.
Working at Amazon is great because you really have the opportunity to grow and develop new skills and be constantly challenged to find new solutions, new ways to look at the issues.
Great Team, Enthusiastic and hardworking individuals. Supportive leaders!
work culture is good and excellent
Environment Have fun lot of chances to learn
get to work with really smart and talented people. no office politics people busy delivering results helpful co-workers
Excellent to work with good environment
Support for internal mobility within various roles
-exposure to technology and complex systems -huge learning curve -everyone is required to own and take responsibility -you have freedom to do things your way if they improve work/process -visibility -rewarding pay and benefits -open culture, approach anyone for help, -super cool internal move options either domestic or international
Transparency, freedom t move across the various roles, geographies in the company, Best in market compensation, ownership, flexibility
Dynamic, Challenging, Stocks. Self-starters, Get to learn E-commerce
No work pressure Easy job Enough salary for fresher Internal job postings
Communication between colleagues was like nowhere else, everbody treats you with respect, you have to be a hard working individual
Great Company Competitive Culture Brings out the best in people
Culture to Work for. Amazing
1. Work culture is the ultimate. Absolutely love it. #proudamazonian 2.Lots to learn, lots of oppurtunities. 3.Work is really smooth.
- access to the best available resources in the field - access to great people/mentors in whatever field you want - great culture with a very healthy working principles which you can even apply in your daily live
Lot of opportunities to learn and grow with in the company
Fast-moving, bleeding edge company. You don't get crippled within legacy and your hands are free to build whatever needs to be built.
Work environment is great and fun
Very good and comprehensive package, relocation (for the eligible employees), stock, private medical insurance
Great culture, the leadership principles are for real here.
* Being part of a highly innovative company, along with extremely talented people. * Junior and senior employees have a lot of independence and a chance to influence. * Competitive salary and benefits.
Amazon is a big brand which provides the various platforms
Pay Scale and other benifits
Great place to work, great team. Lot's of freedom on how to do my activities
As far as customer service goes, it’s a relaxed environment encouraging autonomy and enjoying your job. Free food, pizza, milkshakes, snacks etc. on a regular basis.
Very good work environment. Good benefits. New technology adaptation and open for self learning. Flexibility.
Great Platform. Great infrastructure. Great sales experience.
Good Techincal work, Best Salary
There are no pros as the management is clueless and they don`t know anything about doing their job.
- learn so much about building, delivering, and monitoring software - work with tons of smart people - fantastic build and deployment tools compared to other software shops - needs to be great to work at Amazon scale. If you think you need a tool chances are someones already built it - your developer box is in the cloud - whatever hardware you need for the job it’s there - decent pay compared to others in Vancouver, for the first while anyways - Vancouver teams strive to have good work life balance - since your experience is heavily dependent on your management chain and so many teams with open head count, if your current team is not a fit there is probably another team that is. Internal movement is encouraged (better to keep you at Amazon than lose you) - Amazon values arent just words - they live and breathe the values. Customer obsession is key. - you’re building at the bleeding edge of the cloud. Some really cool stuff at incredible scale gets built, and more often than not you can be proud of what you build
Great Environment and work culture. Sudexo Meal coupons worth 14k annually. Free shuttle from and to the work place. Insurance upto 5lakh for 5 people at no cost.
I am working in the Tokyo area. Since Amazon is not a Japanese company, there are no seniority rule or unfamiliar business processes that are common in Japanese companies. There are few bosses who do not understand in challenges. I think it is a very good environment for those who can enjoy trying new things and destroying old industry standards.
Great place to work, great team. Lot's of freedom on how to do my activities
As far as customer service goes, it’s a relaxed environment encouraging autonomy and enjoying your job. Free food, pizza, milkshakes, snacks etc. on a regular basis.
International company Good image for the CV
There are no pros as the management is clueless and they don`t know anything about doing their job.
Fast Paced, Challenging, You feel you are impacting the world and making history
Very good work culture. No stress.
Great place to work for beginners . A very friendly atmosphere with people from all over india . Friendly managers and team leads.
The best place to work if you have a good manager. Good value for the profile. Can learn a lot in career, The 10 Amazon principle will help you a lot in every company.
Lot's to learn, occasional discounts, great team
Similar to the current day technological evolution, everything in Amazon is moving in an extremely fast pace. Employees are free to communicate and share with each other and the management team with their personal opinions. If the comment provided is good, you will get a positive answer. The workplace is very flexible, and the new building is a nice place to work in. Everyone around you is kind and friendly, willing to lend you a hand when needed.
good benefits and advancement opportunities
International, good location, english speaking
culture is good,salary is good,good cab facility
good culture and best place
Opportunity - Work Life balance - Interesting Work
First thing is New hire orientation, the learning starts right on Day 1. The overall atmosphere is so encouraging and everyday your work is going to affect someone hence its important to be customer obsessed. The leadership principles are always there to guide you and the management team lets you not to loose focus on prime things. Lastly i would say its a great place to work and a company i am looking forward to work with for considerable amount of time.
Best work environment Sharp learning curve Fast pace peers who motivate and support you to grow strong technically
It enhances your people skills and technical skills.
one of the best company i heard from my friends
-pay + allowances are meat for a fresher - work environment is fun - leaves are amazing -no discrimination, judged on performance
High profile, interesting ideas, given shares
The company with very understanding company policy.
i know that this is a best working place
1- No place for stagnation 2- No one will stop you from trying a new idea 3-No one will pick on you for trying a new idea 4- work/life balance 5- Its fun place to be at
-Faster growth opportunities -Start-up like culture, young people with drive
open hierarchy visibility , employee growth programs in different names for different teams , if we utilize this organization well , we can learn a lot of things professionally .
1) Awesome place to work where you can unleash your potential 2) Vibrant work environment
I was very much overpaid for my position relative to the standard in Toronto, and the location near Union Station is fantastic and convenient.
Easy job, stand in the same spot and repeat basic actions (like a robot)
Healthy approach to work/life, as well as being able to make a real impact. Leadership principles are just words in theory - but they are used to live and breathe with purpose every day. You really can invent, but it can take considerable time and effort - but who said anything worth achieving was easy? I feel like I'm respected and cared for, and that the company is actively listening to its resources and the customers and making balanced decisions - it isn't a free-party, but if you put it in you can get it out
Awesome culture, Friendly people
Amazon is a place for those who enjoys dealing with ambiguity. Work is always challenging. You will develop problem solving skills. You will get opportunity to learn all the time. Working in amazon will definitely help you to accelerate your career.
The logo itself Says "Work Hard, Have fun, Make History" and the working culture here exactly suits the Quote
Good exposure as an employee
High profile, interesting ideas, given shares
Amazon Web Services product and services portfolio is amazing which is empowering the growth
Good place to work ... I love it
Good place to work at.
Amazon is a really good company, you have the chance to learn a lot, you will be confronted with a fast-growing company that changes very fast and you have to adapt yourself in function of that.
Decent salary Dynamic environment as company is growing Great work life balance - no overtimes at all Nice offices
- Flexible working (most HQ London employees WFH 2-3 days/week). Most people w/in AMG also work remotely from home country often. - Beautiful London offices - Surrounded by smart, ambitious people from all over the world - Tons to learn - be prepared to learn every day - Ambitious company - growing very quickly - so lots of opportunity to move internally (e.g. Fresh, Alexa, Studios, etc) - Some inspiring mgmt at S-level - Company growing so quickly - its exciting/inspiring
1) Opportunity to experience first hand the fastest growing company on the planet. 2) Learn from extremely talented people
Very open minded culture, great Team Spirit. The Company cleary has a Vision.
Best Work culture Work life balance Salary
Work Environment, Amazon Culture, People Around here, Energy, Fun, Everything is there which will make you feel comfortable happy and let you work towards your goal. Amazing Place to work. I am loving it..
Clear instruction, expectations and mentoring. Good food and employee benefits (AFTER PROBATION PERIOD)
Learning Opportunity is great in the org.
Learning Opportunity is great in the org.
You can be yourself, have options to grow in different laterals, can meet different kind of people with variety of qualifications. Company honors your being self, don't discriminate based on dress or ethinicty, only the best among team succeed.
best company to work. regular benefits.
Great Learning Curve Exposure to latest tools and technologies Ownership of the work Great projects to work on (Will be team dependent though) Self-learning is highly endorsed Challenging environment to work in Good software development principles followed Team members are helpful and approachable Good compensation Nice prospect of growth
Good company to work and friendly work culture
Very good work culture, college like environment, open minded colleagues, no dress code, flexible timings , paid overtime and night shift allowance
Awesome work atmosphere. Place to learn.
This is best place to work, Work/Life balance is good. you should be skilled enough to see personal growth.
Benefits, Learning and growth opportunities
Good work life balance and good income with many skills to learn
Amazon helps me to get a better and clear understanding of customer obsession and how to work backwards from the customer needs. Really smart colleagues with a positive attitude. Amazon empowers me to take ownership and take calculated risks. I like the flexibility that I have at work place.
Very employee/customer focused company. Amazon is not only listening the feedback, but it acts after receiving them. One of the best company to work with. The atmosphere in the office is very positive.
Strong foundation and complete tools
it's kind of fun and time goes by fast
Good environment Great learning opportunities
Gaining lots of experience and contacts
Good environment to work in, nice team all around. Good salary that's been payed in time. Great place to grow in.
Great salary for a night shift, you get paid every Friday.
Good relationship with co-worker and team leaders.
A lot of independence, even for entry levels, stock option very valuable
Work Environment, Amazon Culture, Amazing people
great values, good opportunity to grow
I love working at Amazon because every day is day one,Amazon not only looks after and considers employees input they also make sure that the Environment is as relaxed as possible. We work hard but have fun at the same time.The customers are extremely friendly and we are always having intense conversations, as well as sharing interests when conversing with our customers. The opportunity to grow with in Amazon is limitless.I have been promoted 3 times in less than a year.Amazon colleagues becomes like your family.We are not Micro Managed
Good growth company with good brand image and ESOPS. Good for tech related guys
- Interesting problems to solve - Very interesting pay - Some very smart people around - Decent chance to boost your career - If you are in a customer-facing product, you get to impact millions of customers from day one (this may be a con too: if something breaks you're responsible for fixing it)
great salary and nice people to work with
Relaxed environment and Free Coffe!
Pace is intense, great to throw yourself fully in to.  Great culture, everyone is there to get the job done and has their own quirks. No robots here.  Career progression, due to company growth rate and the internal support for employee growth, finding opportunities to grow into is not hard. There is no waiting for someone to leave to progress.
friendly environment and helpful seniors
Great environment, nice project and good pay.
All Pros. Fell lucky to be selected. Be confident go ahead.
Amazon has an open culture, people do not bother you in any way. Diversity and Inclusion are dominant attributes. The company is growing fast and the scope of opportunity is vast. All it takes is 9 months in the system and then you can carve your own path in whatever career you want in Amazon.
great work, great culture, if you have the will to do something exciting no one will stop you
Amazon provides good salary, healthy and friendly work environment where you get plenty of chances to express and give your ideas. Interview process comprises of a series of phonic and face to face interviews. You should have thorough knowledge of networking and Operating system. Dont just go with the book, try thinking how to implement every topic practically. Focus on Amazon Leadership principles, you cannot become an amazonian if you dont possess those qualities.
Best company for a fresher in the world to start his or her career
Its amazon opportunity to shift to seattle
The role was varied and you got to learn a lot
No day has been the same, constantly working on new projects. Extremely well paid in salary and shares. A real focus on career progression and retaining talent within the business and team.
good to work in that culture
They care a lot for the employees, they send gift and treats everyone in a while
Obviously, The best in business
Good infrastructure.Pick and drop
Supportive Management (HR team) Good Environment Two-way cab facility for free No Dress code
Entering in one of the best companies in the world. International and friendly environment.
Great learning experience and good pay
+ I'm given the opportunity to have an impact, the size of it is up to me + Intelligent, motivated, friendly colleagues and managers + Flat structure + Convincing people to work here is easy because I love it myself
Incredible support and learning system Great company culture and intellectually intense environment
Fun work place, good co workers, encouraging team
It's good company they give us all benefits about features
good environment, friendly manager work life balanec
Lot to learn Good management Challenging work
- Best Company to work for. -Good Incentive Program for associate. -Great opportunity moving inside the organization.
Amazon is a great place to work. The great thing about the Company is you can choose where you want to go in your career and you get the Support for that!  WFH options are available too. It is always Day 1 at Amazon and you get an opportunity to learn and grow.
You will work with very smart people here. I've faced almost no bureaucracy which is surprising for such a big company. High-load, high-availability projects. Opportunity to relocate around the world and Amazon helps with it.
amazing culture and collegues to work with
work life balance work from home OT pay fun during work
Fast Pace and Flexibility of working hours
Good atmosphere , cooperative colleagues Transport system is good and every thing good. Senior are good and are always helpful
On of hte best company in the world
Freedom, Perks, Learning curve and motivation
Freedom, Perks, Learning curve and motivation
a good place to improve skills
Perks, salary + share plan CEO
Lot of learning opportunities. Great people to work with. Nice Office space and close to home. Work flexibility - Option to work from home.
- responsibilities are given - fast paced - intelligent people to work with - work-life balance is good so far
Employee friendly, Cabs, Sodexo coupons, OT, Fun atmosphere
Everyone can get support on daily tasks and the environment is extremely collaborative. SOP and internal procedure really well defined. You know exactly what to do.
Friendly environment and no work pressure
Good development plan career opportunities equality innovation technology
Mucha better work environment as compared to other companies. 10/10 Weekly RnRs keep the people motivated
feel free environment good infrastructure well maintained
Nice benefits. Sources Work hours Flexibility
Company is outstanding and great place to work.
Work doesn't seems like working, it is fun working here. Once of the best work environment in the world.
Gud salary , gud looking environment
Extremely smart people Very challenging projects
Friendly working environment Awesome culture
Very customer-centric company Flexible working hour
* International & Multicultural Environment * The people are the best * Good location for the Corporate Offices * Modern Office with cafeteria for free
some benefits, flexible time, location, colleagues
Flexible work timings Great perks Good learning curve Can try new roles Great peer learning Open environment Excellent work life balance
People Oriented, Employee Centric, Flexibility
Lovey workplace Love the work Easy work Not too stressful Would love to go back
Independent work Learning Relationship Building working on different areas and with different businesses
MNC Friendly Environment No work pressure Freedom Healthy workplace
I have been in amazon for the past 4 months.Getting into such a big concern is a very big deal but once you step into it,you can experience many greatest things in here. To tell about the pros, 1.Friendly co-workers irrespective of their age and experience of work 2.Continuous hard work leads to good development 3.wonderful facilities and more safety for women employees especially. I would say, if you are fresher and seeking for job,this is a great place to start your career and for experienced people,it's the best platform for growth.
Working at Amazon is exciting and the you develop a sense of advocacy for the brand after some time, great people to work with and learn a lot in short period of time.
Working at Amazon offer opportunities of working in a fast paces environment and also it gives you the chance to know yourself better and perform better under pressure.
Work on Large systems can make u learn a lot
People are down to earth. Work on scale which is hard to find else where. Relatively flat org hence the focus is on learning and not too much on promotions. Generally your join at level 5, and may retire at 6 or 7... So focus of SDEs is learning rather than promotion. Amazon stock never disappoints.
Work with industry leaders and become one
1. The company culture and leadership principles are truly lived day in and day out in the company. It really is work hard, have fun and make history. It's never boring and the work life balance is OK for a guy like me with a wife and 1 baby (8:30am to 7:30pm), in line with any corporate company in Spain. The team is great, you work with a top-notch peer group which keeps you learning every day and becoming a better, more versatile, professional in the long term. 2. It is the closest I have seen to a true "merit-o-cracy" where good people get promoted, and the senior management team has very few (to none) of the people you would ask "how did that guy managed to get so high in the organization?". 3. Decisions are REALLY made with data, data is available, you are trained to get the data. Customer is REALLY first.
Innovative company at the forefront of new technologies. Fast-paced work environment will push you hard. Work with amazing people.
1. An organization which sees you as an asset , values your past experience 2. Considers what skills you bring with you rather than focusing on what you lack 3. Celebrates Diversity 4. Provides with the an environment flexible, does not micro-manage you , expects only the best from you 5. Starts with " Trust" with their time, allocation of work and responsibility.
Advanced Technology, AWS Understanding will increase drastically as you work more in Amazon, Good leadership
If you are lucky you will be working on something cool, which I did in my first team. My second team has been an absolute mess. Doesn't feel like I'm working at the same company anymore.
Work on Large systems can make u learn a lot
Brilliant and high skilled TA peers and leaders from whom I've learned a lot! It is a faced passed environment, you need to be flexible adapt and be dedicated, but it turned out to be so rewarding!  Breaks in front of the computer usually, but leaving the office around 5-6pm, good life balance for me! Especially considering the flexibility to work from home!  Great training / coaching opportunities. Amazing managers caring, listening and reliable!  International team, nice and warm always eager to help :)
Exciting process, fast and very candidate oriented
It is an amazing place to work. You happen to work with among the best people, report to the best people, talk with the best people. It is an open environment, where you can approach anyone for help no matter how much the seniority. And you are always encouraged to do stuff and you need resources or help or anything, people would do anything to help with whatever you need.
It is an amazing place to work. You happen to work with among the best people, report to the best people, talk with the best people. It is an open environment, where you can approach anyone for help no matter how much the seniority. And you are always encouraged to do stuff and you need resources or help or anything, people would do anything to help with whatever you need.
Best job experience one can get as a fresher to work with diversified think tanks on specific real time projects,show casing the talents and skills.Being a customer obsessed firm i proudly say that AMAZON is employee obsessed too! because one gets the platform and guidance by leaders across the amazon to let you have insights of what you wanted to do and what you are doing to achieve that. Employee gets paid for what he does work on which is genuine perks and working environment makes you one feel they are home away from home
1) smart people, 2) possibility to continually learn/ grow, 3) lateral movements, 4) data driven approach
Personality Development, leadership skills, Team Building Skills.
1. The culture. 2. The Management.
Lots of supreme talents are there. Can learn lot of things.
Young and energetic colleagues Central position of the office in Prague Various opportunities to transfer between teams or countries
Good pay Good benefits Overtime Plenty of parking Easy to reach with public transport Opportunity to meet lovely people from various backgrounds
You get the brand name which matters a lot, one of the best infrastructure available in the market, opportunities to go into different departments
1. Very good pay. 2. Good work culture(it depends on team that you work with) 3. Internal transfers are a big win. There is complete parity and if you do not like your team you can always move to other teams without much issues. 4. Amazon is a highly distributed system and as such for any particular use case a lot of systems are touched. At amazon, if the project is yours then you have to modify all these systems as an away team engineer. This helps one to expand his/her horizon and gather the big picture.
you will get paid nicely and yeah culture and benefits and brand name :)
Freedom to express and implement your ideas Freedom to explore beyond your current responsibilities Good work culture, which will not make you think about moving out of amazon easily.
Breathtaking ambition, creativity and ruthless commitment to delivery. Great place to learn customer obsession, some key technologies and willingness to look at old problems in new ways. Very clever and aims very high.
Good for try something diferent!!
Possibly the best place to work .
incentives.. food coupons.. free transportation
The people there and the cool work environment will motivate you to just stay there forever.
Quite high salary and competitive bonuses
Good work environment and has a very good pay structure.
good social aspects and open people
Great people, very smart and always ready to help. Very international. You get to work with people from all over the world. Amazon is growing so fast that there are so many things to learn, which provides lots of opportunities to grow
Best service with fast delivery and variety of products
Great team, lots to learn.
-Talent (Best People), Compensation, Culture, Leadership and Growth Outlook
Freedom to build things, you can organize your time, your agenda and there are exabytes of opportunities waiting for you!
Lots of freedom to find the right team and location for you. I unexpectedly had to move soon after starting and they had no problems with relocation.  Really good benefits.  Good sense of community.  Good balance between work and life. They offer working from home if needed. I have never been overworked or felt under pressure to stay late.  Flexitime offered. Obviously, need to be in for team commitments (e.g. standups).
Excellent work Culture, Best manager ever, Best colleague
: Good Work Quality : A lot of learning : Opportunities : Career and personal growth : Good facilities , salary , Incentives : Work from Home
Friendly environment Challenging space Also get meal coupons
Work culture is awesome, no formalities among peers.
Great people, very smart and always ready to help. Very international. You get to work with people from all over the world. Amazon is growing so fast that there are so many things to learn, which provides lots of opportunities to grow
compensations is OK, especially for the upsoaring of stock price
good compensation, and work life balance
Long training period, open culture, free environment
Infrastructure, Flexibility, Compensation, Time, Colleagues
Good crowd, Chilled out work environment but slowly getting more serious . Management tries to be as open and transparent as possible
Reason is that i want to improve my skills in managing others problems
Company brand and culture. Opportunities to move about within the company. The company invests a lot, and it shows in terms of the quality of facilities and portfolios. The managers do make an effort to make a large office environment more "human" and welcoming
best place to work. No work pressure
The very good nature and prospective of the employer and its one of the best initiative towards the digitization.
Fantastic development environment. Working in great and large projects. Ability to make decisions but also accountability for all the consequences.
good culture in the company
scale, cloud, algorithms, machine learning, smart engineers
£13 per hr excluding tips but it's almost guaranteed to get tips all the time with prime. As a prime driver there isn't really must stress as the most parcels I've ever had to deliver was 32 in 2 hrs but it's usually from 18-25.
Very dynamic, fairly innovative, flexible
+ working with smart people + constant innovation + lots of room to develop
Best place to work in, fun filled environment, healthy environment, innovative people where people try to do something new ,good scope of earning , good learning with great oppurtunities, work from home policies makes it feasible to work from anywhere.
One of the best company to work with
Just came across this great company two months ago. Though I have not worked they but based on the reviews I know that they are great and I can see my future excitement working with them
good money, and if you became a blue badge it'll be easier
Flexible work place and its still day one and every day its new learning
Good salary especially when you do overtime
This is the one of the best company in online shopping
Extended learning, Non monotonous work culture, freedom to learn and grow, excellent support system.
We live up to our reputation of earths most customer centric company even to our internal customers.
Decent benefits IF you get hired on Very clean and safety oriented warehouse
Challenging work, lot of opportunities to show improvement, data driven decision making, good amount of ownership, good team to learn from and bond with
Being a part of Amazon you can always see opportunities around you grow up in your career. The culture really keeps you go on and on for a longer period. Also the benefits provided to the employees are very satisfactory.
- You work with very Smart people - You get global exposure - You have a lot of independence, although you are accountable to deliver - If you have a good idea, it will be accepted
pleasure at work,freedom at work place ,best management,employee security,fun activities,best canteen facilities,best transportation facilities,friendly culture among employees and managers all these u will see if u work as amazonian
Flexible work place and its still day one and every day its new learning. Extended learning, Non monotonous work culture, freedom to learn and grow, excellent support system. The culture really keeps you go on and on for a longer period
Good work Environment. Flexible shifts.
great job. go for it. all the best
pay weekly (in arrears) plenty of overtime available free, unlimited hot drinks free transport (from Mcr airport)
Infrastructure, facilities, work is excellent, state of art technology
Transparent culture - what you see is what you get and what you hear in terms of leadership principles. You'll learn how to communicate confidently in almost any professional context. Broad basket of opportunities for someone with the desire to explore and engage. Working with smart people sharpens your skills - At other organizations, I'd regularly meet someone who made me wonder , 'How on earth did you get a job here? ' , that has not been the case at Amazon.
Good career prospect, well settled and awesome work environment.
I am glad to be part of my team. Here, People are Ambitious. I found friendly environment to create bias for actions to achieve workplace goals. Mainly,Management Principles helps you to reach heights in workplace as well as in your personal life. If you have fine talent you will definitely be encouraged.
Good Pay, Medical Insurance, free transportation
1) The Status or Position discrimination,  2)No Uniform -> No Curtailment,  3) No Possessions -> Dynamic Sitting The Floor is Yours,  4) Festive Season All Year Long -> As Amazon is a world wide spread Company,  5) People From all over the Country
Work with top player in Cloud
new challenges all the time, the growth continues. Working with very smart and dedicated people. Always working from the customer's perspective. Lots of internal mobility.
It was my first experience in a huge company like Amazon and I was impressed since the first days. I was always surrounded by amazing and motivated people. I started as Intern and now I got a full time position very challenging, directly depending on the US team. Amazon push people to become self-learner and I think this is a good way to see the real motivation of people and also to encourage them on believing in themselves. I think I will stay for many years in here.
-Best work atmosphere -Friendly environment -No discrimination between levels -Huge career growth opportunities and making money
* Working environment, * Fun activity * Career growth * Less work pressure * Transportation
Amazon is definitely the best place to work, great environment and managers are always wiling to help you
Amazing work culture, value for individual ideas, more to learn from leaders who are great here, best example of unity in diversity, benefits in hard work, lucky to be an amazonian
Best Company to work and pros are nil
Great work place, great culture
1) Solving complex problems 2) Diverse Projects to work upon 3) Freedom to think through new ideas and implement them 4) Competitive salary 5) Great growth 6) Fabulous opportunities within Amazon o switch teams 7) A must work with company and great place to learn
The Environment is friendly and good to work. Awesome managers Piers are helpful
Not soo much stress as in other companies and you can work in your own phase.
Gained knowledge about sales, online marketing,
Great platform to make a lot of awesome impact. Challenges are truly global in scale, every decision is thought of with scale in mind, and decision making is very data driven. Everyone wants to make a big difference.
It gives you opportunity to explore your skills and the freedom of work is incomparable
1.Good place to work. 2.You don't feel work pressure, you will take it as a responsibility. 3.Awesome workplace 4.More concerned about employee safety. 5.No need to extend beyond working shift hours ( normally 8 hours/Day). If required O.T ( Over Time Allowance ) will be provided. 6.Two way cab facility. If cab is not opted reimbursement (Money will be added to salary ) is provided. 7.Though this is a entry level(L2) , you can find a better career after getting into L3 (promotion). 8.Quarterly rewards if you perform well. ( Rewards be like cash or Amazon coupons) 9.Apart from salary monthly food pass. 10.Days will go fast. Everyday is a fun. 11.You can internally transfer to other teams. 12.Quarterly team outing and Fun Fridays.
Benefits, growth opportunities, flexibility
Excellent communication and effective executions of projects
Very competitive culture
1) Good monetary benefits 2) highly motivated colleagues
1) Good monetary benefits 2) highly motivated colleagues
Tier 3's can bridge the gap that above dont have with tier1
flexible, good career prospect
good work flow and nice management
Dynamic Organization. Aggressive Targets. Better Pay.
Work culture, most of the managers are caring and understand. Stress levels vary depending upon workflow but most of the time is manageable.
awesome work.. meet your targets and it's more than enough. NO tensions. No need to be under someone. OT pay is really good.
Environment is amazing and friendly
Amazon is the best company for all things very good packing and safe delivery products by a delivery boys
best company to work as a fresher
Amazon is the best company for all things very good packing and safe delivery products by a delivery boys
best company to work as a fresher
the reasons to work at is that i can solve my financial problems while working as a part time at home
Learn how to enjoy work and the environment. communication skills development. Employee satisfaction is on their priority list!
casual and friendly working environment no work pressure decent salary credit on zeta good amenities and infrastructure employee friendly policies no dress code. anything and everything is fine option to work from home in emergency
Lots of interesting stuff to work on
work culture is nice here
i have a great experience to communication with the people
Managers and leaders are very supportive in helping your with your career. You will get opportunities to work in other job profiles as well if at all you are interested.
It's one of the best place to work.
very friendly atmosphere, great work culture
great but enough opprtunities are there
no pros`, not much to do
I have been with amazon for ~6 years and there are quite a few things I like about this place :) -Innovative culture: Every team in amazon is focused on innovating, it could be a simple process change or a complex technical solution but both are looked upon as exciting innovations. -Leadership Principles(LP): The LP are part of every thing in amazon be it hiring,appraisal or business solutions. Petty much we amazonian live by these guiding principle. In fact I now tend to use them at home too :) (wife is not too happy with that though ,)) -A very strong desire to deliver results: every person who has a strong sense of getting things done is highly regarded here. Almost all the teams are passionate of what they are doing and that leads to a faster execution. -Internal movements: Internal movements are not looked down upon here, infact they are encouraged and celebrated. This helps a person like me who likes to something new every few years.
Lot of new projects throughout the year. Get to work on multiple technologies. Build tools and internal frameworks are the best here and makes your work really easy.
Working culture and environment is awesome. Friendly managers and eco-friendly atmosphere. Unique working culture compared to other companies.
WFH available easily whenever required
Excellent work environment Motivated colleagues Supportive managers wide opportunities to learn and grow
* Good work-life balance, which ironically amazon is not famous for. * Good compensation.
The processes are systematic and the full team is enrolled on that. The team is well organized and they support to each other.
The processes are systematic and the full team is enrolled on that. The team is well organized and they support to each other.
good not have any bad experience
Paid weekly and always on time.
Friendly environment, good for fresher, put effort to grow within the organisation
Overtime was available and well paid. None available now. Incompetence seems to be acceptable so we will employ more idiots who can’t wont do their job.
great people (colleagues) work here
career growth is possible. Also if differs for Operations and Corporate fields
There are only a couple of situations you may want to do it: - You are very young and junior and desperate to put a nice logo on your CV - You are senior and the package they offer you is quite good Still if you are ready for any of the above continue to read as you are about to pay quite a price for that…  Some Pros: - Nice and smart colleagues, really causal international environment - Location of the office
1. Loads to learn & explore 2. If one's work is having any good customer experience/impact, the one would be rewarded/recognized
Nice work culture and healthy atmosphere
very nice work environment . you work alot but you get alot
good pay , and good benefits
Amazon provide a open platform for all employees and all are treated as leaders. It does not matter in which level you are right now, On the basis of skill set and knowledge we can grow our career in the Amazon.
the work environment of amazon is just incomparable to any other organization , always stress free and motivating . and we have a lot of fun while working .
Lots of learning and opportunity to develop oneself.
Transportation: Very safe place for Women Employees in terms of Transportation. I would say the Transport is the best here in Amazon. If the women employee is the last drop for the ones doing shift between 11 to 8 and 12 to 9 and post that, an Escort will be allocated and ensure we reach home safe.  Dress code and Culture: When it comes to the dress code, you can come to office in any fit you want. Very nice and friendly environment on the Floor.  Work: Work is always challenging here. Its very interesting and you are welcomed to Invent and simplify and come up with lot of New Ideas. There is a very good growth here and if you also want to look for change within Amazon, one can always apply for the Relevant position and move to another team since it is quite flexible.  Leave policies: They are very good. One good news is that, if you have to stretch in working hours then you get paid for each hour as OT.  Salary: If you are really skilled, then yes, you really get paid high. Also for the freshers, it would be a very good start since the pay is really good.
+Opportunity to own projects and learn quickly +Great place to start in your career +Strong culture of ownership and customer obsession
Good benefits, modern office, paid overtime, work is not demanding (also a con)
Very Awesome place to work.
New technologies to work on.
Very friendly environment. No dress code.
culture and workplace environment
In amazon you will not feel any kind of work pressure.. You'll be fall in love with Amazon.
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon. Work culture is at par with any other Company.
- good place to learn and try out new things - mostly data driven decision making
Great work life culture Best Package in the market Lot of benefits, but not as tech team gets People who come from other organizations also tend to love it Fun is never missed Peace of mind to work is good
Every day you learn something new
Amazon offers a great platform for it's employees to grow within and reach the highest levels of the organization. It is the best place to start one's career.
Good working environment. Good pay according to performance
very independent , set hours,
You can develop systems that have a huge impact in a millions of users. You can learn a lot.
1. Good managers. 2. Easy to relocate to any part of the world. 3. You name the technology and it is there and you are open to work on whatever you want to.
Amazon is one of the world's best organization to be part of where we start from backwards from our customer and are on the journey of constant innovation on behalf of our customers. Its a place where you'd get to work cross-functional teams and be a part of something bigger than yourself. The working environment and the senior leaders in the organization are very supportive and would encourage you to grow further in your career. In simple words its the best place to work.
Great place to work and grow.
Best place to Work in, You will have a perfect work life balance. Amazon grooms you by providing a strong skill in the areas you are working on. A perfect place to work hard, have fun and make history.
Best reason to work in amazon is the amazon culture and the way the environment. Amazon is the best place where we can work like working in our home and the support given by the team will take to miles and each and every small steps you keep is been recognized and the potential of work is classy.
Great work life culture Best Package in the market Lot of benefits Stock options for L4 and above Overall satisfied employment for any individual
Work culture/work environment and leadership principles.
1) Great learning curve 2) Work culture
Good work culture. Great place to grow. Two reviews in a year.
Growth Opportunity Work and Life balance
You will have a very good working environment
1. Good to learn new technology 2. Working style is quite systematic 3. A lot if domain present to work under it
Nice company with best leave policy.
Nice Environment to develop your skill
The company has a good work environment and people are friendly there. Employees are treated well Good place to work
Be part of the Technologic arena and learn everyday new things.
awesome work culture and good place to learn
1. The culture is aligned to the leadership principles and customers always come first 2. Great peers 3. Interesting work which keeps evolving
Flexible Work Environment, Good pay, Encourages Innovation.
Flexible Work Environment, Good pay, Encourages Innovation.
Very very good profile if you want to learn
Great company and great staff. Enjoy going to work.
Overtime allowance Night shift allowance Performance review twice a year Great support from managers Colleagues are too good Food coupons during peak Rewards and recognition during peak time
Amazon has got the best culture in place and you get the opportunity to balance your both personal and professional life. I work for Amazon and completed 6 and a half years and I want to be Amazonian for next 10years.I just love Amazon.
blue badge, discount, health benefits, contract
Environment, girls, teams, scope, meal
- Topnotch Payscale - Good Technologies to work on - Brand value - Stock Options
- Very good environment to work and grow - Very friendly leadership team - Fair pay compared to other companies
Awesome place to work and grow
Large Scale problem to solve.
Good salary and internal options, technology exposure. Lot of uncertainty in the environment, rigid functions and values . Non democratic leadership.
There are some pros of Amazon which cannot be denied ,but the con which is mentioned below is major dissatisfaction at workplace , manager's and skip manager behaviour towards employee clearly indicates the ill intentions of management . Workplace location : Hyderabad ,India.
door opening, fast paced, very social able
Latest technology to learn and apply decent salary
Possibility to work from home
Very systematic and transparency in career
- Great Team Spirit - Good Compensation - Fantastic Future Career Prospects
Stocks, perceived credibility externally
- Amazon creates big impacts. So the changes you make have long lasting impressions. - The people you work with are nearly always better than you. Make the most of it. - Amazon has a robost internal way of working, for the better or for the worse. Learn to use the good parts to your fullest capacity and learn to live with the bad parts.
Great culture, the business model is based on customer satisfaction, which is nice. Collegues are great and we have a strong team spirit in our Paris Office. You can propose any idea. One of the best place I worked in.
This place has super smart people! You would learn a lot from them.
Well paid salaries in Canada. High tech, smart people.
Previously employees are treated very well.Now the situation changed.
it's an exciting place to work and to show the talent and skills, it has a fast growth oriented jobs, a very encouraging great managers. great benefits, so much flexibility, great facilities with good transport convenience, the good pay and friendly environment with lot of fun activities frequently.
starting salary of around 400000
Great benefits, Great people, Great work atmosphere and Interesting Work
No routine: everyday has new challenges and new projects to work on Fast pace Customer obsession: that is the one thing that is never compromised on
I-ve lost weight the pay is not too bad, but obviously it is because you work 44 to 55 hours a week, which considered the kind of job is no joke
Best work culture. No restrictions on timing and leaves.
Amazon is one of the greatest companies where you will learn a lot from various engineers and managers and you will gain both, technical and managerial skills.
100000 stock is given to sde1
Great Team, Interesting employer, carrier choice,
Best Environment & can learn new technologies.
If you are a rookie you will learn hell lot of thing , your learning will be very high. Technology wise company is very strong . Infrastructure is very strong . People are customer oriented .
One of the best company to work for and a steep learning curve.
Innovation in day to day work. Customer Obsession at every level. Learning Opportunities. (Continuous learning - I grew with my job and there has never been a dull day ). You work with really smart people which is awesome. Growth Opportunities. (Company respects and provides growth opportunities for both people manager and individual contributors). People here not only talk about leadership principles but also follow it in their day to day work. It has some of the very unique good policies such as it allowing internal transfers from day 1 across the org. Good Compensation. Very competitive environment. Dress code (none) It gives ample power to make key decision and changes irrespective of the role or level.
patience, work hard, quality preference, regularity
Very Much diverse and vast line of businesses.
Good place to learn and understand business. Each team has it's own culture and work style. Within Amazon you get to work with a lot of stakeholders, business and engineering teams.
Work culture, goals are driven by process hence no work pressure, very flexible operations, customer, and employee obsessed, always thriving to grow. Opportunity to learn new things.
Great work culture, flexibility in timings
Best work experience and culture you can get in a professional environment. Best place especially for freshers to learn a lot in a friendly work place People who come from other organizations also tend to love it
Amazon takes care of it's customers as well as it's employees. The targets are calculated quite strategically and economically. In the same way, employee productive hours too are calculated with keeping their well being in mind. I love the office premises - Its very professional and attractive. The Amazon culture seems to have worked really well creating efficient employees and understanding bosses .
I think its one of the most challenging places to work, it just gets you to think in a manner that you haven't done before. I love working for Amazon. I think I am spoilt for any other organization now:)
it's an exciting place to work and to show the talent and skills, it has a fast growth oriented jobs, a very encouraging great managers. great benefits, so much flexibility, great facilities with good transport convenience, the good pay and friendly environment with lot of fun activities frequently.
+ Opportunities to move around + E-Commerce Experts + Smart colleagues to learn from + Valuable on CV + Leading edge marketing services
best working experience inside the company.
Amazon is a very casual company with a friendly environment, where you feel comfortable straight away. Most of the employees have found friends here and not just colleagues. You can feel the company is getting bigger and bigger and this means that you can develop your skills and grow quite fast here.
Benefits pay people made the job worthwhile it’s challenging but if you enjoy fast paced working it’s good lots of different roles too so personal development is good if that’s what you want
good enivronment to work
Value for Efforts and a Catalyst for generating Motivation!
Great environment, overwall has some good growing opportunities
Everything about Amazon is just too good.
Amazing work culture, Great Management.
Perfect place to start career Learning Hub Fun is never missed Peace of mind to work is good
Environment to work with our new ideas
Amazing workplace in amazon india.
very good work atmosphere and you will never get frustrated from your work
Fast pace Rewards performance High growth Smart co-workers Positive challenges
all good. its grtt to work here
Good Work, Great things to learn
Very strong overall values Great brand High hiring caliber
Great work culture, friendly environment you always get help, very fast promotion chances if your performance is up to mark, regular events, best in industry!
Learn a lot, meet new people everyday, enrich yourself thanks to others
Good work environment Benefits Travel allowance Team Outings and fun to work
It's a best place to work, you get so much to learn.
-Eternal learning curve - challenge youself! -Tons of interesting opportunities to leverage
I like the freedom and the environment of amazon
Amazon really know how to treat employes and it has stood one level up in “employee satisfaction “. It hires the best and gives the best - it dose what is says “work hard, have fun, make history”  I have personally not seen other companies following their principles as strictly as this one does.  Growth is radical and never ending learning, and ocean of knowledge.  Huge platform to prove yourself and no politics or favouritism is entertained.
Your voice is heard what ever level you are. Flexible work timings. Ownership is something which you strongly feel and work in Amazon.
1- leave policies 2- flexible work culture 3- less pressure 4- you are being valued and get respect
Amazon is extremely intense and you learn more in a year than at other companies. It is highly data driven and execution focused. Very few companies excel at this. Despite a large organization, if you can provide the right context and data, projects get done. They have very good benefits.
Awesome work culture and salary hike
Every day, I meet someone, read or hear something that impresses me. There is always more to do than you have time to do it, so you will struggle to get bored. The opportunities within Amazon are legion and a world of choice opens up to you. Amazon changes every game it plays and you get to be part of that.
1.) In my case timings were alloted as desired. 2.) Daily target can be achieved by woking only 1/3 rd of your capacity. Rest you can earn respect by performing sincerly. 3.) Your nice deeds and good habits along with your performance are considered for the promotion. Take the prescribed break only without exceeding the specified time limit (1 hr our of 9 hours is break broken into 3 intervals) and be on time always. This will add up too. 4.) There will be a feeling of ownership in you at Amazon workplace if you really do understand it. 5.) You are not allowed to work extra at your own discretion so this will curb exploitation of you fellow associates. The performance matrix is calculated only for the hours you worked, i.e., if you were off work due to other official reasons or extra curricular activities, your matrix/efficiency will be based only upon the time you did your job.
Growth oportunity, high speed, multicultural environment
1. Work environment 2. Respect from managers (90% of the managers at least) 3. Growth Opportunities 4. Leniency 5. A clean and tidy working place.
Quality of work is good. you will enjoy solving challenging problems
Scope of learning is good
Great work/life balance. Activities and treats to reward employees who work hard.
excellent work environment good platform to build up leadership skills
Challenging and engaging work Talented teammates Helpful management Awesome learning opportunities Great salary
Great working and learning experience. Great salary and stock benefits.
Brand name, interesting projects, fast paced
- Very very very fast paced. Learning can be super quick. - Still very much a startup type. Best technologies used and freedom to choose your technology stack. - Much to learn from peers. - Very well followed amazon principles. - Very easy to switch teams as per ur interest.
Best work place environment you can get here at Amazon Pune... Very supportive manager's and best leads.... You'll learn how to deal with US,UK, etc. customers. Fun to work here at Amazon. Leave plans are flexible.. Good cab services. .
Flexy timings, cab facilities, decent cafeteria, good workspace, good ratio of CTC to take home
Unmatchable work culture! Extremely peaceful environment! Extensive transportational facility that takes away any reachability concerns. Job security is almost guaranteed*
The best reason to work at amazon is the free style work culture, the flexibility and the support from the leadership team and mainly the pay (always satisfactory)
Freedom they offer for employee
Leadership Vision and focus Culture Unique Processes
I had an amazing time working with Amazon for the past two years. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon.
- Learn new great ways of doing things - easy switch b/w teams - Always doing something new and innvative
Extremely fast paced environment. Heavy focus on innovation through technology application. Many projects moving towards AI and ML making the work for developers extremely interesting and challenging. True meritocracy.. People get rewarded for their talent and hardwork, faster than any other company that I have worked for.
You get to learn new stuff, Technical and professional growth is great, Good opportunities, Best employee treatment, Work hard and have fun!
You will understand how the culture of innovation is inculcated in day to day work.
Excellent place to work
Amazon has awesome work place to work with. It provides its employee ultimate satisfaction during the work-hours and motivate to complete the job given on time. At last, there's always new things to learn, Its still day 1
- Management gives you free hand to work in your style - Work from home - Salary best in industry - No manual testing - Focuses on automating everything so as a tester you learn a lot. - No office politics
Great work/life balance. Activities and treats to reward employees who work hard.
excellent work environment good platform to build up leadership skills
Great atmosphere to work on.
global organization gives a wide opportunity ahead
Flexible work timings, Good work are and good team to work with. Amazon cares a lot for you. Always strives for excellence.
Challenging environment, there is all time something new to learn and to do Young and dynamic athmosphere Interesting leadership principles
Good work environment, lot of facilities for employees, lot to learn, learn to work in critical situation
Freedom to innovate Dynamic environment Flexible work environment Good monetary benefits Less bureaucracy Great leave policy
Constantly innovating and new opportunities keep you at your feet.
Great Learning Curve Each individual can own something and accomplish
Money for an easy job.
Perks and the possibility to get a better job. If you can work in Amazon, you'll find easy to work anywhere!
Great people and great career progression, lots of perks and bonuses, challenging work and projects, 6 month reviews.
Everything is excellent in amazon.
Facilities and fringe benefits, unbiased appraisal system, flexible shift timings and employee friendly policies
Pros? I dont know less work maybe
Genuinely NOTHING. Maybe overtime pay but nothing.
Chilled our work environment as you are given your space to work as per your terms although you will have to meet the goals
Dynamic environement, lots of different tasks, decent responsability level
Good company and learning opportunities
Work from home is a great option
Promotions will not be based on the experience! It will be decided by your dedication towards your work! Good cab facility. Work from home option. Meal pass. Team outing once in 3 months. Workspace!!!
Friendly Environment, Fast Pace Environment, Excellent conditions of work
Good culture no dress code Friendly colleagues
*Top of the game technology. *The size of the infrastructure is gigantic. *Learning is a 24x7x365 experience. *Easy lateral movement between teams. *A lot of possibilities for carreer development *Great overall corporate culture that really sparks the best of you. *Huge amount of great talents to work with: you always feel refreshed and humbled by the amount of knowledge and experience that all your coleagues have. *The company will keep on growing on unbelivable scale for 10 or more years.
Amazon - The name in itself is a pro. However, to break this down some really awesome things at Amazon are: 1. Flexible working hours (Sometimes) 2. Transport Service 3. Adequate Leaves 4. Transparency 5. You get to be the leader 6. Growth - if you are serious
work culture , environment , salary , employee benefits , etc
Less work ....easy going environment Good work culture high growth rate and flexible
easy and happy energy full for freshers
Opportunity to progress quickly initially
Opportunity to progress quickly initially
1) Good Benefits 2) WFH option can be utilised completely 3) Good growth
Great work culture and room for improvement
Good pay and good work culture
Team was good Manager was excellent Learning is huge
Good work culture and growth opportunities
Massive scale, building platform for others to use
Brand name company ,well plan system
good exposure to the world
Fast paced, Lot of opportunities.
Good leadership team always supportive. Easy to take internal job transfer
good work life balance all in all
Best Talent, International, Inclusive, Technological, Human
RSUs are good and opportunities to move around
Excellent environment, co operative people
to be honest ....close to nothing
Amazing culture, work with incredibly intelligent colleagues. Pace of innovation. Bleeding edge
good salary and work from home opportunity
Work culture is good ....
Great work environment. Flexible work culture
Visibility to various positions across Amazon
I had the chance to work with great people from all over Europe.
Good office, Nice location. A laid back diverse/modern culture.
You get a chance to be involved in different tasks.
Lovely work culture, Great people to work with
Flexible work hours, 6 weeks parental leave
Fast paced environment. Great learning management team.
- leadership principles are the best thing that I learned - stability because of Amazon is a big name
great leaders and energetic workplace
Flexible working - working from home is very easy and often encouraged No intimidating atmosphere - casual dress code with a very young, friendly workforce Big responsibilities - can take ownership of important projects that make a difference
GOOD SALARY/ WORK ENVIRONMENT / INCENTIVES / TIMING/ HOLIDAY
1. you will get best of best in technology here. 2. Easily hirable for other big brand companies and startups will always look for you ,). 3. Provide a gateway to work and travel to the most of the countries in the world :) 4.
Get to learn new things
- leadership principles are the best thing that I learned - stability because of Amazon is a big name
Leaves and Salary are the pros
Don't know if they got profit from this.
Amazon is also a great company that expands its business incredibly (Alexa, delivery, Amazon fresh, Amazon payment etc.) and there are many working opportunities with them now and for the following years.
Nice place to work
Clear definition of targets and standardization of daily operations
Work Atmosphere, Growth Opportunities, Ability to express yourself.
nice environment to work in
Dress code. Team outings. Sweet talk of managers
Work with smart people on hard problems.
Good pay and benefits, fast progression, friendly, opportunity for further career
pay is less for non technical job
Nice place to work, there are lots of scope to learn new things.
working from last 1.5 Years, one of the best in terms of perks in industry , internal Job posting, good extra pay with overtime.
overtime money easy application process great co workers
working environment is very good.
Friendly staff and management Health care
- Growing very fast - Projects may be very interesting if you're lucky - Good infrastructure to work, big screens, desks, etc. - Flexibility: working hours and working from home - Excellent résumé builder - Enough vacations - Working with high-level engineers
Great working environment and free atmosphere
good work culture,work life balance,flexible timings
Within the AWS section of Amazon in Dublin, and specifically within the Support area there is a very open nature about the team. You can try, learn or pursue pretty much what you want if it aligns with your long term career goals you discuss with management. Management are engaged often, and in direct areas. You ask what you want from them during regular meetings, rather than the other way around. Amazon always encourages self-driven career growth, so you can work as quick as you like at your own pace. This can be a benefit or not, as it means if you want something you need to do the work yourself for it, and won't be promoted or given anything unless you build it, create it, do it yourself. The position creates a great place to learn though, and you'll quickly find yourself in demand after a short time here
Looking for New challenges
Free hot drinks on site Decent hourly wages for a first job
* Learning Opportunities * Growth Opportunities * Better pay
Very flexible and a top tier tech company
amazon gives a lots of carrer oportunities. it has "career choice" it is great program for improving youself
Amazon has a fast paced environment. You get to work with recent technologies but can also manage well with older ones. SDEs are encouraged to gain knowledge in ML and regular sessions are held to help. As an SDE, you work on everything from designing, coding, reviewing, deploying and maintaining your service. You get overall development experience. Provides a good launchpad for career growth. People are independent to work and grow. There is no micro-management of people.
Good company profits and welfare Nice co-workers If you have great communication skills - Amazon can be good work place for you. Since every day new untrained employee come in, they need skillful trainer then you don't have to do manual labor every day. Profit and Co-worker are pretty good. especially co-workers are erudite.
Amazon lets you work as you wish to. It helps you learn many other processes within your team. It gives you sense of freedom to express and excel. This pro is as per my team.
Good money Good management good shifts
Fun excercise a lot, safety is a priority
Everything you do pays off, in to short and long run as long as you do a good job.
The pace of innovation is very exciting. It's a culture of yes toward new ideas or different ways of doing things.
Customer Experience is First Highly Open Environment Data Driven and Result Based Approach Doing the Right Thing is Priority Matured Process With Agility Like Start Up Faster Learning and Execution
Friendly environment that employees work in Cab facility Good work BUT absolutely no UNWANTED pressure The beautiful and spacious interiors The proud feeling of working for a firm such as AMAZON Everyone is encouraged to come up with new ideas to reduce defects in the process and the appreciation and visibility is excellent.
Nice work environment, everyone is commited to helping other and removing barriers. Average age is around 35, so it's a fun, young workplace.
I have been working with Amazon for past six months and the way I learned things were extraordinary. You will not be spoon feeded here and that's the way Amazon helps you to learn things.
Global opportunities, work with peers who shares same ambition and values, a strong company culture that embrace innovation, quality over quantity, a global mega-enterprise with a startup mentality
Best environment to work, Great Leadership Team, Can wear any casual outfits, Beautiful Infrastructure, Best in class Transport facilities(All AC Vehicles) , Work from Home option .
All good, best location with all amenities.
good fellows and work life balance
Work Culture, Friendly Environment, Good Offers and Deals for Internal employees
Amazon is a great place to work as per my interest. Its a place of gaining knowledge and knowing much more.
Work ethics and culture. Amazon's leadership principles build character.
If you have the passion to do something challenging, this is the place to come to. If you have the ability to get your hands dirty no matter which level, willing to find the right answers to the problems, then you are heading in the right direction. There cannot be anyother place than Amazon
fast moving company. nice atmosphere.
good culture and respect to employees and customes
- Work from home - Flexible timings - Cab service -Shuutle for people who roam from one office to the other
Good Working Place and atmosphere
Easy going superiors Laid back environment Good salary In house facilities No formal dress code
Innovative dynamic market leader in technology
All good, best location with all amenities.
fast moving company. nice atmosphere.
Easy to get hired. A lot of hours.
Culture Is very good.Work life balance is excellent
Growth is very fast.working environment is very good.
Surrounded by intelligent people, pushed to your limits to bring out the best out of an employee. Every day you get to learn something new. The best part is that each and every employee works towards making Amazon a better platform and to make it easy to use and to make the customer's life easy.
Surrounded by intelligent people, pushed to your limits to bring out the best out of an employee. Every day you get to learn something new. The best part is that each and every employee works towards making Amazon a better platform and to make it easy to use and to make the customer's life easy.
-The Brand name is the gold standard for freshers to start with. -The leadership principles is the best out there and helps broaden your perspective towards the work culture -Shiny pay scale for unemployed freshers
This is a company where, if you're wanted, they will move heaven and earth to get you. The turnover is crazy! And while I don't have any numbers, the majority of the movement I see is interdepartmental. They encourage you to go wherever you feel you are most comfortable. They give you everything to thrive and shine where you want.
Best work culture. Great scope for growth. Lots opportunity to learn
Amazing work experience and helpful people
Flexible timings Informal meetings with peers
1. Salary 2. Dynamic environment and chance to work on growing businesses 3. Opportunities to move to US / Europe
work culture freedom to wfh easy and comfortable surroundings great office
- good culture and team work - life and work balance - create new innovations - high expectation to delivery result
Good use of end to end technology stack, very driven and very motivating.
Good culture and lovely environment
Amazing work culture, progressive environment, offers lot to learn and grow, both personally and professionally, Offers lot of freedom in work style and approaches.
Best company to be associated with. Nice pay structure and pays for every sinle hour in OT spend at work. Lotss to learn and invent.
Very nice colleagues and open door policy. Very competitive salary because of the shares available for everyone from bottom to top.
Plant of opportunities to branch out into different departments. You have the option to move and learn something new if you are not happy with your current role
Good learning and growth opportunities. lot of ownership.
Friendly atmosphere and helpful colleagues. Streamlined processes for aiding our job.
Good value for peak performers. The company keeps growing and there are loads of opportunities to move around. Flexible working hours in most cases.
Work experience in amazon is far different from the other,they believe in work hard as well as having fun at the same time, tremendous growth opportunities.
Good open communication, Various verticals of organisations, Work timings No pressure in office premises,lots of fun
Good open communication, Various verticals of organisations, Work timings No pressure in office premises,lots of fun
Leadership is really attentive towards every individuals career goals.
1. Big problems - At Amazon, no problem is pushed aside as too hard to solve. In fact, they go after the really hard and insolvable problems and then throw talent, time and resources towards solving them. In my time there, pretty much every team I worked with was solving a "holy grail" problem in their field and actually making progress towards it. There is no dearth of interesting projects, teams or ideas to work on.  2. Structure and thinking - There is a lot of document writing at Amazon, in case you have not heard. While some people do not like that part of the job much, I think the required meetings and documents force every employee to truly think about their job and what they are doing. Producing the write-ups and getting them ready to face up to a room of very detailed scrutiny and questioning forces you to think through every aspect of your business. it is really a very valuable skill that Amazon does a great job of developing.  3. Ownership - Amazon treats you like an owner - a grown up. You have a job to do and you are empowered to do it. There are checks and balances, of course, but you truly do own your business. You make the assessments, take the risks, justify your decisions and ultimately reap the benefits or learn from your mistakes and move on. There are not many fall-backs and layers to catch you if you are not moving your business forward. Not a lot of finger poitning for failures either, that I saw. In fact, I would say that if you do not act like an owner, you will not be successful at Amazon. You have to embrace the responsibility and run with it.  4. Smart People - You'll hear this a lot and personally, I think some of the talk is overblown but Amazon does indeed have some very, very smart and talented people working there. I know its a cliche, but I did learn a lot from most people I worked with there - and again, I say, most, not all :-) are just genuinely nice people. I would work again with these people without hesitation. I think the leadership there is especially great - just really smart, experienced people with sharp instincts, great insights and lots of ambition. It was really fun working with the folks I did.
Very user friendly tool to refer candidates
Awesome environment, perks and excellent colobarotation ebtween teams
Great place to strive and thrive as Amazon is the best employer in terms of flexibility as amazon will provide a great platform especially for those who are seeking creative freedom to explore,innovate and do things in a best logical way by challenging the status Quo. Professionally,Its a career enriching experience for me as I have transformed a lot after becoming an amazonian and I can sense the difference within myself as am evolving each and every day in my career.
Good fun safe to work with!!! Goo working culture!!!
As a master student, Amazon is the place to be. I can work and also go to uni and have a social life meanwhile. The management is really profi and I always find support when I need it.
One of the Best Coy to work For
Amazon is a company where you can trace your own path. It is your ownership that will help and make you grow in this company. Conditions are really good and buildings have several facilities to keep employees entertained.  Compensation is good and growth is for sure if you put you hean on it.
Work environment, really supportive managers, low work load.
new opportunities, challenges, team, fun, honesty
Fast paced environment Knowledgeable peer group Performance driven career progression Thoughtful leadership team
Great career opportunities. Lot of exposure working amongst such smart individuals.
Freedom of expression, benefits, company name
What you do is what you get! If you r sincere to your work u will b rewarded. The only company I could say where they give more consideration for our needs and requirements.
You will naturally become fast & Prompt in nature, decision making & Execution.
Very fast growth, lots of room for advancement and opportunity to work on cutting edge scalability problems. Fairly autonomous work environment. Smart, ambitious coworkers.
Best Work culture. best place to work!
This is a really amazing company to work with, with a lot of flexibility at the time to choose your career path, with a high focus in learning and capacitation. Amazon Web Services is a really an amazing place to develop your skills and to continuously improve.
good working atmosphere, great learning tools. high grade training materials.
The pros at amazon are Work freedom Mobility Innovation Leadership Technology
Amazon encourages people to understand themselves and really work hard to their potentials. Also, the Leadership principles are so beautiful and encourages to the generation to Thing Big :)
Great cross section of people from all over the world, very interesting.
i just love to work here
- Customer obsession - Entrepreneurial - still Day 1 (feel like you're working in a start-up but have the support of a large org) - Lots of opportunities to move around (for positions, countries, etc.) - Competitive salary and outstanding stock growth - Innovative company, not afraid to try new things or fail
good pay along with good job profile
Good Environment Great Benefits Good to go
Work culture, transportation facilities and work life balance.
Your code will get to production very soon, you will see how it scales with millions of users. Early deployment and improving iterations bring satisfaction. Minimum of code is written into a drawer.
Amazon is a place where you get to innovate, challenge the status quo and present your ideas.  The pace at which Amazon grows can teach you how to build sustainable solutions
Things happen fast, good learning, good culture, good compensation , good opportunities within the organization
-Lots of work so you're busy all the time -Very Dynamic
The best part in amazon is the good salary, the benefits and definitely the signing bonuses. Also, interacting with multiple people from different countries and having access to knowledge all the time allows you to evolve and grow professionally.
Day 1 policy and work focused methods Learning from Amazon's Leadership Principles Satisfaction with Amazon's Work Environment Great Learning from well conversant and knowledgeable superiors
They treat their employees like family. Great renumerations
Cool office space especially in Shoreditch Nespresso Machines Some cool talks/extra curriculars
Opportunity Fast Paced Environment Salary Stock options You can move across team and globally easily if you are a best performer Work Hard, Party Harder environment Open culture.
Great environment to work in
Challenging environment Knowledgeable Following Amazon Leadership principles perfectly. Good in Perks Continuous Motivation Having various platform to grow in career. Good paymaster
Pleasant work culture and no social obligation... free working style
Many learning and growth opportunities.
There is a lot of emphasis on self improvement and competence. The management is also very friendly and the environment very much chilled out. The pay is great with a lot of scope of bonuses in the form of overtime and performance rewards. It has a good transport facility too.
+The colleagues are work are very smart minds and there is no limit of how much you can learn . +You will see the best in technologies and new products/features are launch almost everyday . +Very good new hire orientation program which does not mean that you are just thrown into the ocean with no prior experience. +Depending on the region there are a lot of perks apart from the regular salary ,bonux (2 years) and RSUs) +The company lives by their leadership principles and you are going to use them in most of your actions/discussions.
Strong management team, Friendly, helpful and there to listen. Plenty of overtime.
Fun people around and amazing odfucs
Great level of ownership given to leaders and best in the class platform to be innovative. You can be part of customer's shopping life by making their experience simple
You will learn good coding practices Opportunity to design complex systems Work with smart people Good Salary + stock benefits
Opportunity to every Individual to grow within,
1. One of the best things about Amazon is that the organization really believes and functions to delight its customers. 2. Opportunity to work with one of the best talent out there. Amazon has a really high hiring bar which ensures that only the best work at Amazon though this has got diluted over the years 3. Mobility across functions, teams and markets is just amazing at Amazon and gives one the independence to decide what role one is suitable for. This makes it always possible for people to switch inside Amazon and stay relevant and learn.
Salary, Progression, customer focus. Have the opportunity to make both horizontal and vertical moves between departments.
The culture is amazing. And the growth is quick
Job security - assuming you are competent in the role you will not be fired Very good work remote policy (anywhere within the EU!) Flexible work hours. 31 days' annual paid vacation due to no bank holidays. Nice stock options if you can make it to the 2 year maturation period. Good start in the KYC/AML industry which can lead to better positions with other firms for individuals who do not have previous investigations backgrounds.
Free hot drinks in the canteen.
You get to learn a lot. You never feel like innovation is missing that you might feel in lot of other companies.
Amazing Culture and growth and no social obligation,free working Style
multiple exposure to apps. good culture and environment.
Amazing Culture and growth. Also feels great working here
Opportunities to work on what you are passionate about Flexible internal transfers Excellent colleagues Decent compensation and benefits
good salary good co worker
Nice place to work for both freshers and experienced
Great place for career development as well as great leadership. Your management will always have an open ear for you and listen to your ideas as well as personal career plans.
Importance of the company worldwide.
Being a fresher and first job at Amazon even though as a customer service associate has been fabulous for the last 3months. The importance they give to their employees each and everyone for that matter is to be appreciated.
Work Hard. Have fun. Make History :)
Challenging work Rewarding Compensation within US Opportunities Socially conscious company Diverse
There are a lot of interesting problems to tackle and solve for. The ability to move internally is good, so personal development is easy. Amazon stock price has done well over the years so it's nice to see that benefit employees directly.
There is no boss, we have leaders who are willing to help all of our team members. Flexibility, opportunities, challenges, great culture & fun - this is how I would describe Amazon RO.
Can learn lot of new things. Best work culture ever. Can easily move to different team through IJPs.
You get RSU per year or twice a year after first 2 years
You get RSU per year or twice a year after first 2 years
Great team of interns, good pay relative to the city's cost of living
*cool work culture *supportive management *your peers will be nice people as well (They make sure they are not hiring creeps)
I definitely tell anyone who will listen that it's a terrible company to work for and they should seek employment elsewhere
Great employee benefits They hire great people
Cool Friendly Environment. Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History
smart people, good pay, insurance, RSU, things moves fast here, No micro management, easy work from home, enough leaves
Employee Friendly, Organisational Outlook, Career Opportunities
1. an amazing worldwide company 2. good environment 3. beautiful people
Amazon is a growing company that has the size of a multinational and the mindset of a start up. You get to face new challenges every day. You get to invent, and it's ok to fail, as long as you learn from it.
Amazon is truly a maverick of an unprecedented magnitude in more ways than one. From the maniacal customer obsession to the "Go Do " approach, everything adds up the secret sauce called Amazon
I am interested to work Business line because future I am also make one Business.
This is 2nd American Multinational that I am working in since last 7 years and must say it truly is an experience worth thousand good times. The diverse work culture and Customer centric approach that Amazon has makes it one of best places to work. Been here from last 8 months and must say each day has been different in terms of learnings that I've had. Amazon walks the talk when it says it take care of its customers and employees !!
Builder culture Little corporate BS for a big company Meaningful leadership principals New strength-based performance assessment
Respects every individual ideas Best place to think on high standards and maintain it. Friendly environment Comparatively, gives more importance for employees than organization.
amazon culture and work environment
Friendly atmosphere, many employee benefits, good working conditions.
Amazon allows you flexibility in implementing solutions, you are constantly learning something new, the company changes and improves in a quick pace and has a very positive vibe. People here are different, more vibrant, more informal (in a positive way) and the career opportunities are great. Never thought that after 50 I would feel so motivated to work.
- A great company to have on your CV, will open a lot of doors  - A lot to learn for a Software Engineer and there are always stuff happening and new teams forming. You can either go to existing products or work in new teams that develop new and cool stuff  - If you like doing more than coding, you have the chance to. The company is very open to having well-rounded employees  - Stocks are great and pay is also quite good  - Company is actively trying to get rid of its bureaucracy
Great work Environment More possible opportunities to pursue a carrier with Amazon
Best place for freshers to start their career. Plenty of opportunities if you are that kind of person who is self driven and self motivated. No short cuts  ** if you could satisfy amazon's 14 leadership principles one would definitely reach top levels in terms of management One of the best work environment in industry.
Has friendly atmosphere and lots of entertainment
My first job though I say the work culture at Amazon is just FANTASTIC!! Quite friendly, easy going (though you have work load) and good perks and incentives!
the salary per hour it's good
They are having very great team environment and fast development speed.
Working for a well know company
Amazing Environment to learn about online retail business which is the next big thing around making people's lives easier.
- Fast Evolving Opportunity to Learn
Great benefits offered by the company
good place to work and positive people
Full of talented and hard working people
Super place to work, very collaborative, no cut-throat races, good remuneration package and great work environment. One Organization which genuinely talks, works and lives by its Leadership Principles, every single day.
Nice work life balance Friendly management
Transport was good , cafeteria was good
Friendly Environment, Helpful colleagues, and Good Pay
Working for a well know company
Fair Opportunity employer, huge difference between corporate and operational work related compensation.
Started with Amazon about a month ago. So far my journey has been excellent and the support that I get from my managers help to boost my confidence.  Excellent place for someone who aspires to know more about cloud computing.  Tons of excellent material that you can get your hands on and the only thing you need is time to grasp all the material.  I see myself working here for a very long time.
Very Dynamic role and truly customer obsessed. Everyday is day 1 Exciting and challenging Good pay with RSUs Work with some really young and talented people
- Fast Evolving Opportunity to Learn
1. Very competitive environment 2. Always strive for customer 3. Best place to learn distributed architectures
- looks good in your CV - company is in expanding phase, therefore chance to loosing job is low - lot of different area you can learn
Perks Knowledge and Exposure Encourage to Innovate Known for culture and principles
Amazon is one of the best company to work with. I feel so lucky to work here!  The leadership team and Higher management never show partiality to anybody. Here everybody treated equally which does not happen in many of the companies.  Wonderful work culture. Great place to learn.
WORK HARD...HAVE FUN[Sure will have fun]...MAKE HISTORY
Very talented engineers Opportunity to work on great problems Easy to shift between teams Amazon has so many new products coming up all the time (aws, Alexa, game studio and so on) that there is something for everyone
Good Culture Friendly staffs Great Opportunities
You can be as you are. Freedom to work, think and act. No limitation to experiment and appreciation
Amazon as a brand and its culture. Care for employees.
stress free environment work hard have fun make history
It has an amazing culture and environment. the people are incredible and the possibility for growth and development is incredible
Best working environment, opportunities at each stage, great support, people understands employees values, rapid growth
Great environment Excellent culture Good peers to work with Freedom
- Great company for starters - Lots of opportunities - Career growth - Individuality and ownership
> Very Liberal > Has got employee friendly policies > Best management
- Culture - Team Spirit - Growth & Learning Opportunities
good working environment helps balance work life
Fast moving, innovative company. Management and peers are generally thoughtful and fair.
Work environment good salary employee friendly flexible work shifts Good teams new technologies to learn
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Work environment good salary employee friendly flexible work shifts Good teams new technologies to learn
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Flexible workplace & Great culture
You are free do showcase your talent in any field.
1)Learning curve .. Every day is the first day for the company so learning will be fast and more 2)Intelligent peers 3)Salary
great pay, work from home
Very good when it comes to pay rate, especially night shifts
Great company to work for
Good work environment. Fast paced. Latest technologies
Good environment for all employee
Fast-paced environment, their (free) health insurance policy is really good, snack vending machines, lots of learning (need to keep up), flexibility (WFH, leave, etc)
Direct contact with people. Clear data about their performance due to vast variety of metrics.
If you work on ML, great colleagues and opportunities to develop your career as engineer, scientist
Work from home, Leaves, Chilled out culture(might depend on team), Challenging and edciting work,Good pay
You own what you you do and you own the growth of it... you get to determine the scope of your work and career. It’s tough to explain to an outsider what this means but once you are in you start to feel it. If you feel stagnated at any point, changing your role is not just encouraged but facilitated.
regular income and job security if you hit targets
At Amazon, you own your own destiny. You are given the framework within which to work, the Amazon Leadership Principals, and given autonomy to get results, in your own style. Leaders lead and they don't manage. We are challenged to think big, innovate and we are allowed to fail. Now working for Amazon, I am approached daily with job opportunities, from some of the best companies on the plant, but I am not interested in leaving Amazon any time soon.
Fresh environment, great career opportunity, hearing good news about company growth always. Feeling secured.
Culture is the primary reason. Every employee is supposed to act as a leader. There is an autonomy to the role which is what I like about and there is a market to impact. Your results are measured on the impact you created and not just a check mark on your KRAs. I am part of AWS so there is enough room for me to be able to learn, grow and show impact in the market which is what I am passionate about.
Each and everything in Amazon is awesome. Working in Amazon is a pride, we can proudly say we are Amazonian and the feel you get is like we say we are Madurai karan. Never miss Amazon if you get an oppurtunity.
if you have lots of patience to resolve customer issues then go for this.
nice work environment helpful management
Im completing my 10 years in next 3 months and Im super excited to be part of Amazon. It was never looked like I was struggling here as it is a daily school for me. I used to learn, teach a lot at the same time. I always try to see how many contributions go over and above and achieve my superior's expectations. The benefits and stuff we get in return from the organization is equally exemplary.
Good infrastructure, better place for learning
If you want to be a part of a high performance startup team without the uncertainties of a typical startup, Amazon is the place. At Amazon, innovation towards simplification and automation comes naturally and you are encouraged to think like a true leader and an entrepreneur. You feel like this is really YOUR business and YOU really ought to be driving it.
Peers are talented, pay is good. Many opportunities to explore as a very fast paced company growing at a massive rate
Currently nothing, i recommend not to join this company due to recent organization changes.
The continuous growth and development of this company, and its diversity, means there really is opportunity to develop yourself and build a career that truly is limitless. The company as a whole really does focus on caring and looking after everyone through a true Safety first approach, and wants to ensure we have fun, especially at our busiest times of the year. This gives rise to a true community feel within the company in which everyone is approachable. If your own core values align with foundation of the company culture and direction, this really does become an addictive and enjoyable place to work, and you become proud of the Amazonian DNA that defines you as a leader in the company, at every level!
- Working with some of the brightest people in the industry - Working on innovative projects that matter and that impact people's lives today - Flexibility to transfer to different roles and different countries - Flexibility to work from home or other arrangements - Have access to Beta testing new services/products that the company is developing - Great culture if you like to work hard and constantly challenge yourself - Company stock and competitive salaries
Good salary for software developer
Generally a friendly environment to work in.
- young, energetic and smart environment - they foster entrepreneurial spirit and innovation - great long term vision
Medical, Great Working Environment, Mileniums, Dental, Free Transportation, Intelligent buildings, flexible hours, fast moving job climbing, travel, lots of job opportunities within the company, advance training, fun, the latest tech gadgets to work with, great cafeterias, never boring, OT
You are always appreciated for your hard work
Excellent Work Culture, Recognizes talent.. Proud to be an Amazonian.
nothing. dont expect any thing.
Culture, independent working, travelling, mobility, opportunities
- Excellent work place and environment due to its people and culture - Great salary and benefits - Having responsibility of managing a big team since the beginning - Development programs that improve professional career inside the company
- New can learn things every time - Since it is a Product based company we have our own style of work - I was part of testing where one get a great opportunity to learn new device and technologies. - Once you in to the Amazon they will make you very comfortable like your second home.
Dynamics of work, new learning everyday. Learning Key business insights. Company’s management welcomes new ideas and innovative operating methods. Management by top B School post graduate.
Fast paced work environment. Never a dull moment, keeps you on your toes always! There will always be some problems with an organization of this size, but we always stay on top of it. Never would like to leave this place.
learning and growth is tremendous. best opportunity for the first job
Very friendly Open Door Policy Diverse Work Culture
Amazon is one of the best work culture. nice experience and proud feel to work at Amazon
Lot's of smart people Tough hiring process Career development opportunities Strong culture and values (LPs) Opportunities to travel Changing industry at world scale (AWS)
Abundant internal transfer opportunities. Enormous growth pace. good perks, good work life balance, No objections for leaves,
Encourage internal transfer or rotation, with location limitation Always have challenge job to do Change is the only thing doesn't change in Amazon
Best place I've ever worked, brilliant engineers, really interesting projects and focus is on delivering rather than internal politics. The quality of engineering is excellent and people care about operational excellence. The big decisions are typically date driven rather than opinion based which is refreshing.
Package Good ambiance Internal Mobility A lot of action Strong processes in place
Good Salaries, Stream lined Process
Good working environment for a fresher
Manages sales plans and P&L by each retailer account to align with overall cat business plans, and closely interlock with sales team to execute the plans
Brand Name and Market Value
It is all the same.
The organisation offers good career progression
Entrepreneurship highly valued, fast paced, room to learn new skills and great colleagues.
Common sense wins. Energetic and fun place to work where everyone has an opinion and a voice. We are not bogged-down in process or bureaucracy - we are agile and inventive. It's ok to try something new and get it wrong. Love working here (and I'm not some HR guy writing this!!)
Customer Centric Company and Hires and develops the Best.
being on time is a good thing to make you a punctual guy.
- A place where you own and grow based on your own efforts. - A place where you can own any project and if you don't know how to do it yet, then learn from very bright people that want to see you succeed.
informal work culture, very international and diverse work environment
It is a challenging environment but in the right way as we are always striving to do what is best for our customers. I work in an area that allows a high degree of autonomy and flexibility which allows a good work life balance. The people are great and nobody says 'that's not my job' If you work hard and are prepared to voice a constructive opinion, it is listened to and allows you to take advantage of the vast opportunity for progression. White papers are used instead of Powerpoint which is a great discipline
We have huge diversity and many points to learn.
Career Options Growth Facilities - World Class Money
Interesting and challenging projects, good career opportunity, fast growing, easy to move across geographies, smart people
No internal politics. Performance driven organization
1)The culture 2)quality of people 3) technology innovation
It is a great place to work as you are not bound to do somethings like following a dress code. It is fun to work.
Amazon is a place where you can grow fast in your career if you are ready to go the extra mile. I have been working with the company for over 3 years and I am really happy for the way I have grown here.
Motivating and competitive work environment Excellent workforce to learn from Decent pay scale as compared to industry Internal transfers and movement is very easy Exciting projects to work on Flexibility in terms of leaves and timings Friendly managers
Interesting and challenging projects, good career opportunity, fast growing, easy to move across geographies, smart people
No internal politics. Performance driven organization
1)The culture 2)quality of people 3) technology innovation
It is a great place to work as you are not bound to do somethings like following a dress code. It is fun to work.
Amazon is a place where you can grow fast in your career if you are ready to go the extra mile. I have been working with the company for over 3 years and I am really happy for the way I have grown here.
Motivating and competitive work environment Excellent workforce to learn from Decent pay scale as compared to industry Internal transfers and movement is very easy Exciting projects to work on Flexibility in terms of leaves and timings Friendly managers
There's so much to learn. Internal wikis are just full of information.
* More focused on Customer Obsession * Fun to work with environment
One of the Pros working at Amazon is that you will be working with the most talent people on earth and everyday you get to learn something new. Amazon seriously thinks about work life balance of employees and has lot of employee benefiting programs. It is very easy to switch job roles within Amazon, if you are interested in a different field/stream and passionate about it and ready to work towards that goal, you can always achieve it.
Many things to Learn Diversity in Work
At AWS, you get a vast opportunity to learn and teach the cloud. Working for the CloudGiant sounds good.
Best Work Culture, Work-Life balance is really good
Amazon is best for improving our negotiating skills and also best for learn managing number of customers.
- Best policy for Promotions & vast growth opportunities - Leaves etc policy is the best so far in my 5 years of experience with difference organizations - Best work environment - Most customer centric company on earth - Most Employee centric company as per my experience
Hey Guys, I will recommend you all to join amazon, it have a very cool work environment. Have plenty of opportunity to grow carrier wise... As I have just joined 3 months ago, I felt this is a very good company to have fun!!!
Its an amazing workplace. Its a wonderful platform to learn,Work,Grow and Fun filled environment.I am a proud Amazonian :)
Amazon's hiring is the most critical thing as they hire the best. Amazon's cukture is the best and it gives opportunity for every employee to move around and get experience in their desired filed within the company. Amazon spends a lot on development starting from an associate level to senior management level by various development training programs which no other company does. This is the best company to work with forever,  Thank you Amazon.
You will always find something new to learn/do which will help you improve your career.
Culture and People - Just can't be said enough about Amazon culture. The leadership principles that guide everything that is done at Amazon are very well thought through and are adhered to well by all employees. Some of the best minds in the world work for Amazon making everybody learn something new every single day
One of the best place to work for anyone as the Amazon culture motivates us every single day as if it is still day 1. Who wouldn't love to work with the pressure-free environment?
The culture and fundamentals of the company is deep rooted, With freedom and Independence to work and take invent and simplify provide opportunity to act as leader at any given position in organization.
Good work life harmony unlike what i hear from many people on the outside Great leadership shown by all managers. "Principles" oriented company with great focus on long term vision
People here not only talk about leadership principles but also follow it in their day to day work. It has some of the very unique good policies such as it allowing internal transfers from day 1 across the org, good compensation. Company respects and provides growth opportunities for both people manager and individual contributors. Very competitive environment.
Except the job, you can find new friends, only nice people and you can learn every day new things. Amazon gave me the chance to understand what it means to feel like at home. Amazon is not just an opportunity to work, it means to care about people, everything that surrounds us. I challenge you to apply with confidence!
At amazon one can get a great team to work with. Its always a day 1 and everyone is learning from the failures. Its a most customer centric and data driven environment here. And your growth is in your hands. Same with projects, grow your own baby.
Big company with good history.
Good environment to work, well in recognizing individual talents, hassle-free working experience with superiors across all teams(Amazon culture makes it seamless)
All good. Empowerment, can implement things you like. Always gets support from management. Good work places
Awesome working environment. Team Leads, Supervisor and Managers are really co-operative. Its a obivous thing that you have to work hard in any organisation but working hard in Amazon Pays really well.. Every month we have some or the other fun after Chirag Bhuva-The site lead joined the floor.
The best part to work in Amazon is work culture. It's awesome. You free to work and enjoy both at a time. I mean you may enjoy your work.
A great company to work with. Culture is great!
Its a Perfect company to work for.
great people, challenging environment (in a good way: helps you grow), fast pace, innovation, entrepreneurial spirit
Great place Workplace ambiance is good No dress code Chilled out people & place
Good work environment and excellent benefits
Freedom. No hierarchy. Everybody listen to you. You exist. Everyday learn something new. You have choice. No pressure.
- Amazon is huge but having worked for large corporates and also start ups this feels like a start up company. There is energy and a desire not to stand still. - Salary and Benefits are good. They won't blow you away but they offer a very fair package.
Great potential for growth always changing and expanding we pioneer , great room to innovate and simplify
Great place to work and grow
Good place to work with, well spreading and growing company, a wide range of knowledge can be obtained
- Bright and focused people - Career growth opportunities - Continued development - Strong values
Work Culture is at its best
Feels like heaven Friendly environment no work Pressure Helpful team members maximum no. of outings Enjoyment Correctly said - work hard, have fun, make history
Every day is new day, full of challenges. Its an adventures trip being part of fastest growing company and industry.
Competitive Salary (but with the hours that you put on the Job probably closer to minimum wage if you make the calculations) Some travel ( Mainly Luxembourg)
Not that sure still it is fine
Good salary Good work culture
Amazon is a create work place. We have many opportunities to follow our passion
Fun place to work. Transport facilities are really good. We can learn a lot as we will be Between knowledgeable people.
Pay is good, transparent and fair policies, work-life balance, relaxed environment.
very dynamic, interesting work, great possibilities to grow and learn and progress in career. very diverse and never boring :)
The working environment is the best in the industry and the salary that they offer are also highest in the relevant industry.
1. Great learning Opportunities 2. Flexibility in internal transfers 3. Good Compensation. 4. Open work Culture
Good work, great learning opportunity, ownership of product, flexible working hours.
Tons of options, all technologies, all areas of engineering, great compensation, little stress, top performing company.
the facilities and the working ambience is very good
Amazon's awesome work Culture
Open-minded, exciting to know more talents and keep learning.
A family with lots of fun and work as well, and the culture at amazon is super fun
best place for its work life balance no stressful work women benefits good pay for starters good work culture good ambience good atmosphere friendly environment some managers understand the problems.
*Cab and food facility at food court is superb. *Good place to learn and implement your ideas. *Manager's are good and not harsh on us.
Its purely customer centric. However its an awesome place to work, have fun and get recognised for better ideas. Place to exhibit your talent and develop the same too. If you are workaholic, right place to get recognised.
Work Life Balance  Work Culture  On the Job Training
Healthy and friendly environment, Good facilities, Helpful managers and Stress-free
Awesome welcoming. Really good time spent in the training period. Right pace in training
Awesome work place Amazing people Culture is excellent
- Opportunity to think big and implement game changing ideas - Management takes out significant amount of time to listen to new ideas and good ones get prioritized - Encouragement to try out new things, failure of pilots is not seen negatively
Liberal and Highly effective work culture. Excellent opportunities for internal job transfer/rotation
1. work from any where 2. encourages your ideas 3. we can learn very deeply about the process 4. Salary, Cab Allowances, Sodexo coupons
Excellent Employee Benefits, You can apply for Internal Job Transfers
There is always something new, challenging, that would keep you engaged
Very Competitve, all round development,
> Nice company values > No hierarchy within team > Easy to talk/connect/learn from team mates > Not hindered by too many processes at work > Easy to change roles/teams
High degree of ownership Fast-paced environment High degree of innovation Biased to implement ideas without hierarchical blockers Fair payment
Work environment is awesome. You can grow internally if u are equally talented and can take ownership for work. Outing and events conducted throughout the year is awesome.
Amazon is a company where you'll be given the freedom and space to create innovative projects. You will get to work with smart, driven and innovative people. An extremely high level of autonomy and commitment will be required from you in your day-to-day job. Your voice will always be heard: it doesn't matter how long you've been with the company, how long is your prior experience and what team you're in, Amazonians will always be open and interested in your questions and ideas. Creativity, passion, a thinking-out-of-the-box attitude and enthusiasm will be rewarded. The development of your career will be in your hands: you will be able to move across different departments, teams, roles and even countries easily. There will be flexibility in your working hours and arrangement (e.g. home office).
it's a great place to explore the career opportunities in a fun filled environment
Senior Management with a vision, smart colleagues, (often very) friendly atmosphere overall, great internal transfer opportunities, a large, innovative and recognizable group, equity compensation, free coffee in Europe, occasional flexible working
Great team, and a good atmosphere in the office is encouraged
Smart people will challenge you every day Compensation package Relocation support Scope of your role Working hours flexibility
Get to work with brilliant people flexibility to work from home
- friendly work place - internationally present - career growth possible and encouraged - no time to get bored - involved in many things
+ Very independent work environment + Bias for action (if you see something wrong, you have the availability to take ownership and fix it) +Work hard, have fun, make history (REALLY!)
Very friendly co-workers. Very good working environment. Very good management.
Amazon promotes customer obsession and this definitely filters through from Senior Leadership down. Amazon offer a great overall package to their employees L&D have budgets to put employees on both internal and external courses
Flexible shift patterns, i.e 5am-10am, 7am-12pm, 12pm-5pm, 5pm-10pm. Plenty of overtime available just have to apply on the website. Friendly, easy going, potential for permanant position after 13 weeks. Different job roles, variety in your work. Treats and £20+ gift vouchers available on occasions.
:Smart People to work with. :Good Work Culture. :Good Management. :If the math and principles are on your side, this company is for you.
Amazon is definitely not the company where you sit, relaxed, and slowly work through your tasks for the month, it's *actually* what they called a "fast paced" environment: a new adventure every day, a new challenge every project. You definitely don't get bored here! Of course this means you have the opportunity to make a huge difference everyday, along with some of the bests in the Industry.
Amazing work culture, competitive pay and unparalleled exposure!
-not hierarchical, people listen to you whatever level you are at -a lot of freedom -constant growth
Culture is what is most amazing within Amazon. You're encouraged the most to think from customer obsession standpoint and own customers end to end. Be innovative and be bold..!
-Constant new challenges -Autonomy to make decisions and drive results -Flexibility to move around in your career, trying out new roles and industries -Work on relevant projects that your friends/family are using -Make your path, great place for driven motivated individuals (on the flip side, if you want a place where the career path is easily mapped out, this is not the place for you - your career is what you make of it)
Work culture Interesting work everyday, new challenges Employee Benefits Team activity
You are surrounded by super smart people, in a business that has a great attitude to continuous improvement and self development. There is so much diversity which I love, people from all types of backgrounds and cultures, and the culture is hands down the best I have ever come across in 20+ years of working in retail. I actually look forward to coming to work!
I´ve never seen in my professional career a company like amazon which really lives and breathes the company values, expressed in the leadership principles. Every company has its history and a culture to be proud of or not... The difference amazon is that the Leadership principles are part of daily work and reflected in any behavior.  Those leas to great success in the market and drives customer centric behavior, innovation, agility and speed!  There are always interesting fields to work on and to develop. Great career opportunities come along with this!
Nice salary, learning experience good
work life balance very good
Good work environment, friendly people
Engineers are very smart to work with.
Career Enriching, Employee Centric, Appreciates Feedback giving and taking, solid principles and focsed
Work culture, lots of benefits for employees
Tremendous opportunity to grow Good pay Overtime employee friendly
I am happy, office environment is very unique in each floor
- Exciting to work in an environment that is not afraid to pioneer. - Working with lots of smart people.
Interesting & challenging role Above average salary for an account management role Very likeable new Director of FBA
3 Days off, heavy lifting isn't required, order picker operating experience.
Good working environment and good people
aswm company to work for
- Positive, driven attitude of every member of staff - Target focussed but not overly pressured - Exposure to staff at multiple levels, all of whom willing to offer time to help you out - Very good salary and corporate benefits package - New ideas, no matter your level of seniority, are encouraged and given time - Good promotion opportunities
nice work environment highly motivated team good pay
Best customer service is provided by them
Good working environment Nice people Good training Flexible working hours
I like work with people thru computer
The leadership principles are like rails which gives an excellent guidance on the company culture
* The development pipeline can avoid the environment problem for the developer. * The people here is nice, and you can ask any question, also there is (internal search) for anyone, you can search solution there, also you can post question and there will someone help you soon. * Great team members who are brilliant and highly educated
If you give me a chance i would love to work in your company. This is my dream company and i like all facilities in your company.
Peaceful atmosphere and my friend said friendly company
It has a very good learning environment
Salary, industry, perks, location, dress code (none)
Best people around to learn
good money, even better money doing overtime, easy work.
The only good part is that they hired me without experience in that corporate branch.
No pressure to finish the work
Direct hire, good benefits, good growing opportunity, safe work environment.
Everything is just awesome, For career growth, Amazon is the best place to work for
Best place to work for
good leaders Good environment to grow if you enjoy working then the best place to be.
Great salary, sign on bonus and stocks. Good team that all work very hard and support each other. Fast paced work that can be stressful but fun. Get the opportunity to work with people from all across the company as well as some very senior level staff- these could be hiring managers or interviewers. Some candidates are also very experienced and high level so you get to deal with a wide variety of interesting people.
Work is good. cool people to work with
Great people to work with
Great people to work with
Best place to work for
Nice job in High wycombe.
Flexible, Great work culture, Benefits that are very attractive .
very best place to work
It's a good company
The brand value , uber-cool environment
beautiful and a fun place to work, people here in amazon are very talented and you get to know a lot of interesting things about the work you do. added advantage is that they have free wi-fi, free food, and the work environment is absolutely a fun place!
- Great work environment - good infrastructure - good training provided for the new trainees
Team work, allowing us to take ownership on particular task.
we have a lots of holidays . no work pressure. people can enjoy the work enviroment .
- Working with highly intelligent, driven people - Quickly take on a lot of responsibility and have the opportunity to work on really interesting projects that are changing the market - Great offices and flexible working - Compensation package is ahead of market
If you want to waste you life away this is the place
I like the Flexibility of being in control of when and how often I work. Support staff and depot staff have always been very friendly and helpful
Exposure to latest technologies. Chances of going to USA
Good place to work, flexible timing, facilities, nice infrastructure. Freedom to work, Plans are shared and you execute them as you want
Very friendly environment. Flexible management. Approachable management.
Excellent place to work, great experience
- Dynamic and fast moving. Lot of new projects keep coming and one gets full ownership. From design to implementation to maintenance, the entire job belongs to the same team/individual. - Easy to change teams or relocate to different cities globally. - Good learning opportunity in every domain you work on. Ample opportunity of lead and drive new initiatives. - You will be surrounded by a lot of smart people.
- It's a job ! after all you can pay the bill have food , some beer go to holidays  - The illusion of working for a great company its great on the CV  - The Interview part and recruiter makes you feel you really got into something great.  - Some pizzas , sweet, coffee machine and Tasteless fruits at the office (May be from unsold stocks at your local store it's free so be happy)  - Customer focus that's perhaps the greatest thing in th is company.  - Can work from home depending on your role yay!  - You shares value can rise mine did double i was really happy about it :P
All good to me as of right now
Work Culture, knowledge about eCommerce platform
Great Leadership Principles. Learn new way of thinking & working. Get to work with people from finest colleges. Sophisticated work culture. People are very nice here.
employee centered, flexibility at work
It helps us to refer someone for Amazon.
Excellent environment, work culture, fun place to work
Learning opportunity as Amazon is into multiple projects
Always learning new things and fast.(speed is the key for a company who`is continuously changing.
Good working Environment Lost of opportunities
Work culture,knowledge sharing,Benefits. Company strictly follows and goes by leadership principles
Work culture,knowledge sharing,Benefits. Company strictly follows and goes by leadership principles
Work Environment is great. You can listen to music, you can wear anything you like. You get paid for every additional hour you work. You get bonus every year. You get opportunities to earn Gift Cards every month and awards for your performance. Your issues are addressed. You get a laptop which is yours till you leave the company.
Best ever place to work. Very good hikes.
3 days off medical from day 1 Good exposure to youngsters/college students ESOP
Leader ship quality Bias for action quality Have backbone and disagreement quality Owner ship quality Customer obsession quality
1. You get to work with smart minds , learn and grow 2. Good Salary 3. The focus is on building high quality products, no compromise on standards for short term benefits 4. A culture of learning from each other
Great place to work and grow
Great exposure and learning. Good salary, Work culture is good.
So much to invent and innovate
Best reason to work: earn some money
good pay is given here
Great Pay , great learning curve,
Employee friendly, flexible working hours
People in Amazon can always challenge the status quo
It has good work enviroment.
1. Amazing managers and team mates 2. Everybody is humble and are goal oriented. 3. Amazing Infrastructure and facilities provided 4. Not much of stress
Challenging and with such a fast rate of growth there are excellent opportunities for progression if you make the grade. So many inovations that you can't help but say WOW every other week
You are employed by one of the biggest companies in the world that is still growing. you get benefits that help you and your family. lots of opportunities if you have a degree or worked for the company for more than two years. you can get help to train for a degree with amazon after one years service.
The most fantastic company in the world
Great work culture, Freedom to wear anything, Good food, and facilities, Helping employees
Pick up n drop Food coupons Overtime pay
Good Perks and benefits, Employee friendly, Good remuneration, Numerous opportunities for growth, Easy to chose the role that interests you and apply for the IJP
Best place to work at. Great exposure to get managerial and tech knowledge
Technologically a nice place to work and nice people around. We get to work on some of the latest technologies. We get to learn a lot of things on the job.
Good environment, great people, opened manager
- Great place to work. - It does follow it's principle of "Work Hard | Have Fun | Make History" - The food, HR's and everyone with any higher power will always stay down to earth, the most comforting fact is that no one feels like they are higher than you and everyone is called with their name and no Sir/Madam is used around.
Good Place to Work without pressure
Nothing what so ever! Unless you like being robbed on the first night!!!!!
learning curve and experience in Retail
Customer has a chair literally in all meetings.. in virtual Never heard of a Quarterly meeting focussed on customer than profits Great atmosphere
The work ambiance and the freedom given to the associates and few Managers who are reall helpfull for your growth.
Knowledge and engagement people. You can learn how to manage people with responsibilities and a lot of task every day
Good benefits like holidays etc, Salary on time.
Pay is adequate once you progress past a certain level.  Everyone knows who Amazon are so looks good on a CV.
I find it less competitive
Best work culture, No extreme level of hierarchy in management
no dress code and free work culture
Good Work culture.. Flexi timings..
Amazon gives us a clear picture of the openings in our regions and also others. They give us direct access to the Hiring Manager and recruiter which i like the most.
Started off with promises of promotion yet nobody is the slightest bit interested in what skills you have as long as you keep doing the job they train you to do when you start. So forget any chance of promotion in Amazon its all a big con.
Started off with promises of promotion yet nobody is the slightest bit interested in what skills you have as long as you keep doing the job they train you to do when you start. So forget any chance of promotion in Amazon its all a big con.
You will have the best work/life balance, just like home
Work life balance Team work
Science directly connects to industry Great coworkers Exciting projects
Free wifi with very good speed and it doesn't stop there, because it lets you access every possible thing you do sitting at home. Secondly, Friendly environment with a huge cafeteria to eat with your SODEXO that you get every month!! SO yayyy on saving some few bucks!! break out lounge that is sufficient enough yo calm your minds, and Bonus a recreation room with a TT table and Foosball. Now besides that we do have our fellow amazonians helping us in need and support us when called upon.
My experience at Amazon has been quite a roller coaster. I've learned a lot out of my usual "arts" background. Joining as a transcriber and then becoming a verifier made a learn a lot of new things. I have been able to adapt to team changes and I am able to see myself grow steadily in this process. As they say "It's always day one in amazon"
Career Path, Skills Improvement, Self Enhancement, Self Learning, New Challenges, Mix Of Experiences, Different Cultures, Great Environment, Empowering yourself, Great Opporrunities
Employee friendly. Every one willing can join. Good company overall
One of the best and growing company and the field as well, alexa data services
Best working culture Good for long run
I would say the unique pro are the interact with global people from other nationalities and cafeteria
Shares, working from home, mobile phone
Best environment to work in, every one is eay to approach
Career development, opportunities for progression, work with great people, high hiring bar, opportunities to contribute to both local and global environments
Full time associates has good benefits
You learn a lot Nice offices You meet great people Amazon looks good on your CV
good transport facility by th\e\m
A lot to learn Managerial position since day 1 Very good Salary Work in a huge company with an excellent reputation
- opportunity to touch many cut-edge technologies - growing fast - inspired by intelligent people everyday - to find a suitable position for yourself, internal transferring is very easy
good benefits and salary is good
Best work culture, open door policy, they take care of the employee very well they have the best work place harassment policy, there are so many
1. Environmental friendly 2. Casual Wear 3. Overtime Pay roll
Technology oriented, data driven company, good place to learn. Opportunist is in your hand, if you work hard your gets more - promotion and salary.
Awesome fun environment. You will enjoy working there.
Learn curve in the first 6 months is insane. Nice office, foods, etc.
Great talent pool Interesting problems You get to watch what you build directly impact the customer and see it grow much faster than companies of this size
Good Hr Service . Good Cab facility. Good Food. Avg salary.
- Not many I can think of
Wonderful people to work with. Great environment.
The wage is decent, particularly on night shift. Very good overtime wage and availability. Work is very simple and well instructed.
this is nice company having good environment
Great work culture Great People Awesome benefits
Big company, lots of challenges, lots of people to learn from, customer interaction
Good pay, Supportive coworkers, Good bosses
Best culture . Leadership teams care about employees and customers. Very fast paced and good for people interested in learning and growing.
Good Hr Service . Good Cab facility. Good Food. Avg salary.
Learning and Development of employees is top priority. Company culture is vibrant and conducive to efficiency. Flat hierarchy, which means you can get help and knowledge from everywhere.
Work culture is awsome. You get work with really awesome people and every day is a challenging day.
The wage is decent, particularly on night shift. Very good overtime wage and availability. Work is very simple and well instructed.
Data entry skills and typing speed makes me a good fit for Data Entry position. l can handle MS Word ,Excel.
Career Progression and experience to further one's career.
Everything that you expect as an employee
salary, place culture growth opportunities knowledge building career boosting confidence cultural activities
Sodexo Travel allowance Flexible for leave ( just you need to tell them that you will leave the job)
free food, good management , cooperative seniors
Great opportunity to grow professionally Great healthcare benefits (provided by the state) Other perks like lunch vouchers and transportation reimbursement
cross category movement is very easy
good company to work with
Not enough benefits, not enough opportunities to grow.
good environment,career growth thats all
Leave policy is amazing. Salary is competitive. Amazing to place to work at. Sodexos is an added advantage.
Good place to work
Epic journey of an all-American Brand as it gradually earns its permanent and deserving global status as most innovative Retail Sensation, which led the ERP's and Emerging Markets still drives and influences the world economy til this day. All thanks to It's leadership and open policies that attracts the finest experts and innovative ideas from all over the world which aided the company against negative feedback on gender equality among other critics that shook companies like Uber and others in the tech industry.
- Amazing Work Culture- friendly management and colleagues - A lot of opportunities. - Work Life balance is great (at least for me)
A lot of opportunities
- good working environment - open-minded colleagues - insight into the e-commerce - training material for new starters
Fixed hours Plenty of overtime in peak months Friendly staff good benefits
team environment with legal team
1.Good benefit. 2.You will get a big brand name to write on your CV
Good place to work mostly.
If you deliver results . You can expect growth very soon
Good to start and diversified culture and good perks with wfh policy and other benefits . It will be a good experience for freshers
Flexible Timings, Can do Work from home, Work Pressure not too much
Great work culture, helpful management.
-Man management is better than other companies in India. -Flexible timings -Enough hands for a particular job
A nice place to focus on your growth
Wide array of technologies to choose from, you can choose your interest to work on and you can grow to heights.
Good people around and enough opportunities. You will get to learn a lot from your peers and your potential will be challenged.
Good Rate of Pay Lots of hours available
Continuous support everyone treats you like family.You will get all the support when taking and making the right decisions and people mostly help each other to resolve issues quicker.
Brand value. Amazing opportunities to move laterally and even to other departments as long as you perform well. Lots of fun people at work. Lower/Mid level managers are really friendly.
Flexible on shift timings, benefits
Exposure to the international e-commerce industry
- good atmosphere - good benefits - good possibilities for growth
Open minded company where you can grow fast
Everything is good here. Work life balance
Great Salary and benefits, good culture within the team.
It is really nice to work with Amazon, Love for Amazon
the best place to work with its amazon
Shares, learned lots of skills, flexible hours, paid holidays
Excellent Learning Motivated Individuals Medical Care Provident Fund Sign On
good, systematic, friendly environment, youth culture
Flexible Work Timings Work from Home No restriction on leaves No Shifts
Good location very competitve pay
big company, no stress, development opportunity
I have been in this company for many years and I find every day rewarding. It can be stressful and everyone has different experience based on their team but you can find a team in Amazon which works for you.
very good to be in
great place to learn ad work
Salary Package Quick Career Growth Work from Home
smart people to work with, interesting problems to solve
-Good working space -Works on latest tech -One of it's kind product -Good UX
Big name company. Good platform to prepare for your future career
Fun and good core values.
Good place to work at.
it,s a great company with many possibilities
Management takes care of you very well
- great market position - awesome opportunities, to change roles (x-functions, international) within the company - attractive stock units packages - strong (customer centric) values
Good Place to work and growth is exponential.
Powerful Brand, Lot of Learning and Innovation.
Very dynamic and fast changing work environment. Lots of people with different backgrounds and experiences to work with, and most people are willing to help.
Working in IT/AWS. Everything revolving around operations and being technical, creating automation, tools, and tools for tools, and yet more scripts and tools, even for very simple tasks. Also you're told you can do anything you want, but if you don't do well enough with tickets and on-call, your employment may be in danger.
competitive work environment and great team
smart people to work with, interesting problems to solve
Dynamic environment Steep learning curve Variety of responsibilities Opportunity for innovation Intelligent individuals Every day is the first day Never stop learning
Great working environment, and the best leadership team
Great work environment, Everyone is approachable, Growth opportunities, Salary, casual environment, Incentives and allowances, office transport, free food coupon, internal job transfer,
Great place to work, friendly environment.  The learning curve you have at amazon is very high. Interesting work, lot of opportunities, amazing people and much more.
Easy to move roles Great Salary
good salary and perks and benefits
Is a pleasant environment I'm an analytical person and I always wanted this place of work
-Working hard colleagues -Smart people -Given a lot of responsibility and autonomy
Work culture is very good.
I like to work in reputed company
Friendly People in Croydon Surrey campus Money
Pay is good, fruit on wednesday, fellow investigator are great and some managers are awesome
So called "Big Four" of IT.
Colleague friendships Busy Environment Dynamic Recognised Brand Always something new happening Shares which makes comp good
Cool environment, free drinks, free food every last thursday. smart people
Nice and easy place to work with less restrictions
Fast growing company. A lot of career opportunities. Young and motivated employees. Many opportunities to improve your work and influence decision makers. Good salary. The leadership principles are not wall posters but constantly used.
good atmosphere good package experience for life
Pay is good, fruit on wednesday, fellow investigator are great and some managers are awesome
Perks, Learning of courier business
+ You get to work with some incredibly smart people + You get a lot of autonomy to run work your accounts as you see + Cool to see behind the curtain how services are built and managed
Good working conditions, friendly staff and colleagues.
Nice benefits Ok pay Nice multicultural environment
fast paced environment and diverse role
Learnin across domain, experience to work in a fast paced environment
Best company to work for, Good improvement
- Work/Life balance. - Location in the city center.  - Nothing else, really.
The work environment is chill, cab services are good, cafe is large.
A good working environment and amazing work culture
They really do care about the Buyers and they will ensure that customer issues are addressed. They have improved in recruiting more women, yet fewer women in higher positions.
good process available non technical job good salary bonus
Strong 14 Leadership Principles, Clear Strategy, Data driven, Excellent tech cutting-edge
True sandbox environment where you can come up new ideas and be allowed to go and try them out, it really promotes ownership and a safe to fail environment.
start money is above average
Great pay, get to travel
Ok if you come out of varsity or college to set you up for your next career step, nothing more than a stepping stone.
Good salary and talented colleagues.
Great culture and people from various walks of life. Very good growth opportunities once you show you are good. Fast paced work environment where you can never get bored.
Good company to work for Management is supportive Getting a leave is easy as compared to other companies ,still Amazon.com is better than Amazon.in Better growth opportunities
Always looking forward in way that others may not understand right away Growing all the time Make tough choices Get to own projects and feel they are yours
Amazing projects to work. Great scale. Good compensation. Appropriate recognition.
- Good salary - Talented peers - Challenging projects  Amazon overall is good, but Chennai Amazon is trash!
Easy job, friendly environment and people
Friendly Environment and Lots of fun
Salary Stocks cab facility Nothing else seriously
some nice ppl work their but not in managment
Amazon is the largest organization around the world we have the future for growth
Get to work your best
Company provide great envirnoment for learning
Hard and life work balance is pretty good
Good pay Good exercise Team work
Lot to Learn Awesome Environment Good for freshers Internal Growth is Good
A lot of smart people a lot of opportunities
Amazon work culture is good.
1. Working with Experienced & Intelligent people 2. Endless of Learning 3. Stress on leadership principals 4. Good proportion of Increment annually 5. Timing Flexibility 6. Stress on documentation
Its world leading companies and it is on the top of its field and their technology is also good .
Management skills and ability to lead a team. Can work with different people from different culture and background. Flexible and resistive skills
Culture Focus Growth Energy Brand awareness in the employment market
Big company, grow fast and lot of opportunities
Benefits, good team, good employees. I am looking forward to my job.
good work culture and environment
paid on time bi weekly Free employees parking Free cookies Free samosas Favouritism is high Dental Benefits
Work culture and Value is amazing
- Strong scientist community that has access to the cutting edge technologies and researches - A lot of Room to improvise and define problems of your own
good environment , work culture
Benifits Meal vouchers Work environment Overtime benefits Role
I want to learn some new technologies.
Strong working culture, AMAZing company values! You are the owner of your role and where you wish to take it!
Good work culture and salary. Work life balance for your personal hobbies/projects.
Great culture, I like Leadership principles and amazon!
Amazon marketplace safety and security.and best to get good job
Great culture, self driven, amazing people
moving fast, lots of growth, easy to move up.
1.learning opertunity 2.good bunch of colleges 3.internal job movement opportunities
Good pay and benefits plus the stock options are great
Good work life balance
nice work culture and salary,
The benefits and work culture
Best place to learn.Transparent work culture.Good pay.No dress code. Flexible work timings
Working with Amazon. I have learned lots of things. Great place to work. Management and operations leaders they all treat very well manner and always motivate each and every associate.
Rigorous hiring process to find the right talent Strong focus on Operational Excellence High degree of innovation and automation
-Challenging -Smart people around you -Fast growing company with lot of opportunities
No dress code, many opportunities, great colleagues
Good salary and benefits including stocks
Work life balance is good
Great place to learn and grow.
Great people and atmosphere and social events
best place to work and have fun
Good work culture, growth opportunities, supportive management
Good Salary, Compensation & Benefits ,
learning opportunities, working with smart people, independence and ownership
Team skills, salary, colleagues, events, training
Good manager and leadership team
Good work culture is here
Great environment to work in....less stress...more fun....better than most bpo companies
Good place to work if you like being on phones
Relaxed environment. Customer number 1 priority
Relaxed environment. Customer number 1 priority
great working environment, career growth
Best place to learn A lot things you will learn there
Brand name, good people to work with, different opportunities.
freedom to do & think big
- Benefits - Good structure - Safety - Aimcare - Location
nice place and people to be around with
Work Culture HR Policy is very tough and supports the employees Opportunity to learn and grow within the organization Opinions can be voiced out and it'll be considered by the top management
Lots of bennefits, good working environment, investment on people, promotion opportunities
Great monetary incentives for overtime
Leadership principles are very strong and adhered
work on your own time. app to keep track of deliveries. customer service has been helpful
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon. Work culture is at par with any other Company.
Browsing the website by having everything on it run through your hands!
interesting and energetic job role
At Amazon you can move to a completely new field where in other companies you'd need relevant experience. They just want to know that you're a good worker. The summer party is also great.
Innovative and employee friendly company
Great people, great projects to work on, massive scale of operations.
i am interster e-commerce website in work and i am amazon seller.but change job.
Instills practices and attitudes that have been immensely valuable in my career
1) You have a great exposure to technologies 2) There are awesome colleagues that you can learn from 3) The customer obsession is a good principle to work better
Pros: In the words of Dan Pink (Motivation) the things that make us happy in work are not just focused around money. Pay people well enough to take money of the list of concerns and what motivates staff?  Autonomy, mastery, and purpose.  I worked at Amazon Web services for 2 years as a Solutions Architect and I can say hand on heart, it was the best job, working for the best company ever. Let me explain in a little more detail as to why this is fact ,)  Autonomy: No micro management from the team leaders, bosses, peers, but a wealth of support in all aspects from career aspirations to soft skills and everything in between.  It's day one right!? Sure was for me - Ideas welcomed and occasionally I thought of something that someone else had not thought off - this was a rare thing ,) None of that malaise that creeps in and stifles growth (Personal and company) to the point that you can’t wait till the end of the month and dread getting up in the morning.  You are not spoon fed anything. Go out and seize the day to make you and Amazon better each time. YOU are responsible for carving out your own destiny. Yes, this puts more work on you, but is there really any other way?  Mastery: Such a wealth of training, support, mentoring, career planning was offered to me it was a real inclusive feeling. “What would you like to do long term?” was a question asked of me by my SA manager at the time. We had a one hour conversation on what do I really want, how he would be able to support these objectives. If you have ever done the “Five x Why’s?”, you will understand just how difficult a question this line of questioning is. Suffice to say, the manager really got me thinking and helped me plan out the next few years of my career – thanks PF. There was plenty of self-paced training available as well as instructor lead training to ensure that I was always at the top of my game. Great opportunities to apply this knowledge to customer questions and peers.  Purpose: The most customer centric company on the planet is a high accolade to achieve and maintain. With the leadership principles (LP) in place you know what is expected from you before you even start from a cultural point of view. I knew what was expected from me and when I was failing, the support was there from my line manager (Who is one of the best people that has managed this employee) in buckets. Regularly taking time out to ensure that things were going well from both perspectives. My role was clear and a real sense of purpose to go out and achieve, but how I delivered was not prescriptive – See Autonomy.  Overall: Working and AWS is NOT easy. With the wealth of information that you need to absorb to the number of customers clambering for guidance, you will always be busy (But this is a good thing). If you are looking to kick back and do enough to get by, don't apply to work here, you will not enjoy it. If you don’t agree with the LP’s, again, don’t apply. On the other hand, if you delight in being challenged, being given the opportunity to shine and delivering, look no further and get to Amazon jobs to find that role that you know you could smash.  I have read a few reviews about WLB (Work/Life balance) and I can honestly say that whilst there is pressure to work, work, work, you need to "have the backbone and disagree (LP)" when the balance in not quite right. I did just this very thing and support was given instantly to address this area. This is not a just local line manager taking pity, but a directive from the very top to ensure that we strike the right balance. We are all individuals and have different needs at different times. It is not easy to get this right all the time, but when it was going in the wrong direction for me, a conversation was all it took to get the results I needed to support me and my family and the WLB was restored. No dramas, no fuss, happy employer and employee.  There are so many other elements to the role that are not understood from the outside looking in, so here are a few of the things that just add more value to me that make me a better person and therefore a better employee:  Events: Supporting events like Summits, Partner workshops, team meetings are great as you get to meet a lot of different people and improve your understanding of what AWS customers and peers are talking/thinking about. The ability to flex your technical and soft skills and know that you are giving your customers a great experience is so rewarding that you look forward to the next one as soon as it finishes, despite being exhausted. Thinking is hard ,)  Interviews: You are interviewing your peers. You have a big say in who will be joining your team. This was fantastic for me as we have all worked in places where new comers are simply thrust upon you to "deal with". Being an integral part of the hiring team was a great revelation both in terms of the empowerment, but the insights that interviewing gives you. Interviews becomes a cycle of improving your interviews, improving yourself to conduct better interviews, improving yourself to ensure that you live up to the standards you are expecting from candidates.  Tech: Wow – I could write pages on this element, but suffice to say that the pace is relentless. There is no way that you could not fail to be impressed with the sheer pace of innovation. You are actively encouraged to add to this innovation and we are even given time to take a break from our busy schedules for the sole purpose of coming up with the next great innovation. The hard part is keeping up and for a geek like me… Challenge accepted!
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon. Work culture is at par with any other Company.
Lots of talented ppl to work with
Employes bnefit all fclitis
Awesome work culture, u can wear whatever u want.
Good Salary Stock Options Great place to learn
20% discount on every amazon product
I did all the amazon orders for travis Perkins and got a thank you text for my excellent work
Every project you do will impact to customer
The work place environment is very friendly and very secured place to work. Management is very much understanding
Good working environment good facilities good people around
You're surrounded by very smart people Great location and facilities Flexible hours Nice company culture Very understanding managers Work from home when you need to
Good work culture Employee Friendly Competitive Pay Good facilities
The best online marketing platform
Good company, I worked in Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk , Amazon.de and Amazon.in process and It was a great opportunity for me which was given by my employer
Felt like to suceed there was really possible - no gender issues, no glass ceiling, just your abilities.
Exctreme good work place with all ameneties and comfort for leaves and employee consideration
Responsiblities and accountability are awesome and they operate at a very large scale
Leading company - good for your CV
Very good place to excel ourselves in edging technologies. Excellent work environment. Salary package is really good .
I had an amazing time working with Amazon. Many learning and growth opportunities. If you are talented and interested, you can move to any field in Amazon. Work culture is at par with any other Company.
Ownership, Innovation, Learning, Growth and Deliver
They care for their employees and that's what we want right..
Great place to improve your career and cv
Leading company, growth is possible in any field.
Working at Amazon gives you work satisfaction and it provides great learning environment
You will get good salary , incentives and no strenious work is required.
- The package is quite good
A free work environment, good company to start off the career
Growth opportunities are amazing! One of the easiest places to grow if you really commit. The friendly environment and also the care with the employees keep everybody motivated. Stock awards depending on position is great, extra incomes. Great private insurance.
Friendly environment, Good peoples, Helping nature
I joined the company as a CS rep, and 6 years later am now a PM. There are plenty of opportunities to grow and make a career. I have had supportive leaders throughout my journey.
1. You never get to see mediocrity at workplace. People are really smart and cool. 2. Amazing exposure to the E-commerce field. Will gain great amounts of knowledge regarding E-commerce and Retail. 3. Salaries are decent considering the market standards in India. 4. Scope of learning is huge.
- The package is quite good
Experience working with a multinational company. Working in an office. Located downtown. Kitchen is nice, but that is about it
Awesome atmosphere, growth opportunities, senior management support
Because I love this job I like to work in the IT field!!!
Best work culture, well organized and always insist on high standards. No dress code and Employee empowerment A customer centric company... All new inventions and policies focus on benefit of customer and work backwards.
Good team work Fun filled environment No dress code N no of leaves and benefits
Challenging and interesting work Customer focused Smart and hard working people Amazon is involved in a lot of industries so it's a good place to learn Initially pay is competitive
Great product and great brand
Good place to learn lot of things.
Facilities : A+ Managers : A+ Job Satisfaction : A A very good company to work . You get to think out of the box and even implement them and as well as get rewards for that.
best company to work for
Friendly environment Good salary structure a good stepping stone for freshers
The interview was conducted on campus.Where there was 2 coding and 20 mcq asked.
cool and fun place to work
If you end of with a good manager and team, hopefully you should have an average life. Most of the good stuff is done in Seattle, you probably will be made to think you are doing a great job.
Energetic atmosphere, dynamic crowd, less pressure, stress free
Flexible timings, no work pressure
Great structure. Upper level authority are polite. Incentives are very good
Opportunities tree, Fast moving environment
Helpful employees, and easy, efficient solutions.
Good working environment and sufficient payoff
Great opportunities, great experience, some good benefits (shares), great people - multicultural. flexible.
Full liberty to work according to yourself
Good benefits. Good salary compere to other companies.
Stocks did great, travelling opportunities, sense of ownerships
Good working conditions. High quality code. Almost nice people. Flexible working hours.
Good working conditions. High quality code. Almost nice people. Flexible working hours.
safe environment, positive culture and values
I like to work any kind of coustomar service .not only that ,Amazon is one of the reputated company .
If you're good, you can have great potential for growth - but it's not for everyone.
Very smart people Wide range of fields to diversify into Dynamic Organisation Can Do Attitude Health Care Opportunities
casual dress, friendly behaviour of all employee.
great place to work loads of fun
Most of the colleagues are competent and usually with a positive attitude. You have access to wast amount of resources and tools. You have the change to work on truly large scale problems.
great challenging environment. It allows you to gain a lot of experience.
Basis knowledge in computer
Salary is good, the company is also good.
good teammates, open work culture
Very Highly motivated work force.
we like this work. we want to do it.
Very cool company , The entire ambience is so unbiased and no stress at all.
Working environment is very friendly and good here ... Good management... Satisfactory allowances
Good Benefits Competitive Wages Restricted Stock units after 2 years of employment 4 days work and 3 days off schedule
Flexibility. You have access to brilliant people and a great knowledge base. Internal transfer program is great. Good offices and good hardware.
Good company for work in India
Good place to innovate. Good team to work and it is always a day 1.
Excellent pay when doing night shifts. Working overtimes increases your hourly wage 1.5 or even 2 times. Free parking.
* Great support from management, co-workers, other teams * Independence is encouraged and celebrated * Solving hard problems with smart people * Strong generative culture
Good Company and great culture
Good company to work for career development
Nice people, good workmates, very patient starting off, decent money
Good environment, lot to learn, progressive
Good work environment, good work place, good for students.
Amazing Culture and Leadership Principles
1. good quality work 2. really smart people (compared to other companies) 3. less bureaucracy 4. Fast and efficient decision-making 5. Generally not a huge variance in quality of candidate at a particular level
Good work environment Supportive management Innovative Good coordination
providing work for home based opportunities , so that it would be the better solution to earn, specially for the women ,who will spend all the valuable time at home.
Good see an experience in amazon.com. Nothing to do with career.
sodexo is the only pro
Good pay, people are super smart
Enhancing communication skills, learn to be responsible
It is definitely a great company to work for. Despite it's size it remains an engineer driven company with hugely talented people that are driven by a wish to excel. Coupled with one of the best tech culture and tools I have seen, it is a great company to learn and grow.
a.) Excellent work b.) Promotion based on work for SDEs c.) No politics d.) Stocks
Nice experience, get to meet alot of people, decent salary and you will find tons of experience for futures jobs and ventures aswell.
- Good business - Very strong in culture and values - always pioneering to improve process and doing what is right
Learn Work Enjoy Nice place for growth in carrier
discounts for items maybe ten
peace work,effort less friendly good peoples
There's a saying 'if you're the smartest person in the room, you're in the wrong room' - well there's not much danger of that at Amazon Web Services!  The company is full of very smart, thoroughly nice people who have one big passion in common ... the customer. I have worked at some really great companies but I have never experienced an environment like this. Corny as it sounds I feel truly connected to the tag line 'Work Hard. Have Fun. Make History'.
Nice management and also better networking
Great growth story Founder still in charge
Nice experience, get to meet alot of people, decent salary and you will find tons of experience for futures jobs and ventures aswell.
You will be forced to think big and innovate beyond your limits. You will be pushed to grow as a leader throughout your tenure. Limitless potential to make change. Relentlessly high standards. Take any number of leaves when you feel like. Work from home whenever you want. Come to office when it suits you, leave when you feel like. As long as you make sure you deliver results. You'll be forced to "own" what you work on. Great internal engineering culture.  If you join as an SDE, your manager will either be an L5 or L6. Many of them are extremely smart and will propel you to grow. Many won't be as effective. But the good thing is, you can do it yourself. You will have enough independence to make an impact and grow in your career. In fact, you are encouraged by the company to do projects outside of your day-to-day, work with other teams for short durations, have mentors from different organizations etc. ALL L7+ managers I've interacted with have been highly competent and sharp. These are the folks you will look up to and seek to learn from.  You can't bullsh*t anybody. You will be found out.
Those who want to take over responsibility and own projects are at the right place here. Don't try to avoid work or wait until things are done by someone else, there is so so much to do. But this is why you can be self-employed in a big corporation, you are the driver of your own success. Colleagues are the best
It's good to have job while looking for better job options in IT field. Just don't settle in current job. It will do no good.  Good pay than other competitors. 1100 Rs. Sodexo coupons per month. Cab service for night shift. Open culture, flat organization.
Innovation, respect, good products and customer focus, people willing to help each other.
Amazing pay and flexible hours
So many benefits and vacations. We earn respect there.
Salary for interns, responsibility from day 1, high learning curve, good working atmosphere in my dept
Bright people, easy international relocation. Learning curve is above average. Stock prices are going good right now.  Fair growth opportunities.
Culture is relaxed and curious People are encouraged to be themselves, no matter how diverse they are Its an output based metrics driven culture Job rotation is strongly encouraged, regardless of skill set or experience
Such a fast growing company gives you lots of opportunity to extend yourself and get rewarded for hard work. There is also a lot of freedom working at Amazon where the leadership principals guide you and you define your own way
- Numerous great employees - Awesome projects, and internal opportunities
Amazing people, technology and attitude.
Fast Paced environment constantly learning constantly challenged never bored
good salary, clever associates, reputation
Low work-load Good chances of internal movement Highly Collaborative Work culture
Amazing work environment, friendly, open to ideas.
Good pay- but you are literally working for every single penny you earn.
Amazon is big, if you do not like your current role or team you can move internally with the support of your manager and the recruitment team I moved internally to AMS which has the advantages of a startup with the backing of a giant. I have a pretty blank canvas to work with and feel I can contribute to what we do and how we do it Share price!
Best Working Environment and More to learn.
Continuous learning - I grew with my job and there has never been a dull day @Amazon. Amazon Leadership principles(LP) covers the universe. Guided by the LPs you could become a decisive leader wherever you progress in career. Best place to be.
Good Salary Great benefits Very flexible staff
great interview July 2017
Good job decent salary fast growth
I worked at the CC in Scotland. Great atmosphere (but not from managers), lots of perks such as pizza, team nights and Halloween events
- very strong culture - unlimited career opportunity - 'yes' culture that allows new ideas and projects - very smart and easy going colleagues - nerve gun battles - many internal job opportunities - flexible work hours and home office - every day recruiters reach out to on linkedin
Good working environment and culture.
Good work environment Friendly employees Cafeteria Gymnasium
People, graduate managers, some of the roles available
Great to be part of an innovative business and exciting project work
It's one of the best companies to work right now
salary is good nothing else appealing
good pay, good work culture, flexible timings, no risk factor
- Plenty of opportunities to find a challenge that suits you
People and culture are great.
People and culture are great.
Great company culture which manages 150k people with standard practices
Building in CR is quite nice. They are giving you things constantly like gifts food and cute things to make you feel comfortable.
You will get healthy work environment. Monetary benefits are good. You can easily get promotion in 2 years.
Great place to work at. Very productive management and staff.
This job enhances to develop very strong customer relationship skills. You can handle and face every kind of customers/sellers. Thanks to this position you can learn many skills on how to help sellers to grow their business. Generally, you know and see how business works on e-commerce platform such as Amazon.
The company offers great exposure for learning the trades of business. For freshers it would be a great experience to work here. The pay is competitive and mostly better than other employers out there.
Good learning opportunity due to the varied options
Worked with Amazon for only five months and fell in love with the culture and people there...!! Experience gained was at another level
> No stress. > Provides enough benefits for freshers. > Can always provide new ideas without any restrictions.
Good culture, good salary, great people
Things move fast at Amazon and you will never be bored. You always have something or the other to work on when you'd like to switch.
Very nice place to work, Excellent employee benefits with fixed hours work every week. Nice location and atmosphere with free parking. Decent staff discount.
- lots of diverse and technically challenging projects - accurate and precise work processes - relocation bonus - sign on bonus - work flexibility (wfh, schedule etc)
Easy to move into different roles, dynamic environment, helps learn a lot
Incredible pace of innovation, working with really smart people, very strong organisational rudders.
Some areas/ teams offer flexible working, technically you should have the opportunity to work from home two days per week- unfortunately this is not the case for most  Autonomous working Internal moves supported Amazon hires intelligent people
Good team, Positive attitude, professional
Benefits, Brand name, career growth
Very good company and the environment id too good
Great company to learn and develop soft and hard skills
> You'll be paid for your each and every amount of blood sucked. If you're okay with it, feel free to try Amazon. > Growth opportunities are tremendous. I didn't stayed for too long.
Good pay, 4 days per week full time
Excellent working environment, Friendly Managers, Many more opportunities to grow further.
Good place to work. Ample Learning opportunities.
Casual dressing, Benifits for L4, facilities
decent exercise, that's about it
They pay you enough, and fast. When working, you are assured that they're with their promises. You have 13th month, and even vacation leave! Worth working here.
Fast growing business across Retail, Non Retail, & AWS. Exposure to varying internal stakeholders as lots of on-going projects. Good environment for learning multinational enterprises' structure and way of working and thinking.
You get paid well for your work. Overtime is paid. And all the safety precautions and training is provides
You get paid well for your work. Overtime is paid. And all the safety precautions and training is provides
Benefits and great Working Environment
great co-workers good place to learn about factory type work
Good focus on employees and work quality
Invent something and seniors will support u, flexi work hours, satisfactory pay, leaves on request, support from all of the management
Talented coworkers Working on a the largest cloud is always interesting and challenging.
Great team, learning opportunities, interesting projects
Comfortable dress code Nice canteen Friendly staff overall Bus to city outside,across the road from the office building
Good Benefits, Great International Environment, competitive salary and relocation bonus are part of the offer
Lots of opportunity for people willing to work hard. Ideas and views are always welcome.
Processes are easy to learn and do Productivity quotas are manageable after the learning curve Little to no supervision Casual dress code Paid breaks 4 day work week Career advancement opportunities Associate input for warehouse changes Performance is rewarded with swag dollars to trade in for amazon swag Can take paid time off hours from a bank to be used without approval Monthly bonus for exceptional warehouse performance $120 voucher for steeltoes and 20% off Work Authority workwear Transparent and quick-moving payscale
Flexible easily adaptable to any environment are my strength
The management is friendly and approachable, facilities are good and your opinion is heard
Interesting work Nice, helpful and young collegeagues Trust in your work High level of responsibility from day one Steep learning curve
Type of work given is valuable. High value of experience
Clever people, relocation lump-sum, nice location and environmnet
Bonus Employee outing Flexible timing Transportation Good work culture
Best work culture, lots of fun at work, lot of growth and many IJP's , no dress code.
Money. culture ownership Excellent leadership Events.  Work hard, have fun, and make history
The best reasons in Amazon are drive to work by bus for free, lunch for twenty five crowns, Amazon career choice etc.
great place to work - very smart people
- best work culture casual work culture -growth opportunities is faster as compared to other companies -seniors and managers are understanding and friendly
Fast paced. Tons of responsibility and ownership.
very friendly environment, no other pros
Scope of the work (from supply chain to deliver to customer)
Amazing work culture, individual career guidance.
Work with the best minds on earth solving the most complex problems
You can always voice your opinion without any fear of backlash from the management, as they are always open to feedback.
Really well paid and good feedback during December , nice to work as a team.
If you dream of being defined by your job, you get to call yourself an “Amazonian”.
Many opportunities to progress, management stays focused on developing talent and moving them through the organisation.
Great benefits within the company Great support from management
You can always voice your opinion without any fear of backlash from the management, as they are always open to feedback.
Huge growth organization, highly engaging and significant loyalty to the brand. As an employee you feel a part of the bigger picture, and take pride in the organization you work for. It's highly innovative by nature, there are many talented individuals here and so the peer group and network is great.
- great company culture - great team
Great place to work. very supportive management
good tech, good management, good ambition,
- Lots of tech learning - Interview fellow engineers
Great opportunities Learning environment Best for a beginner
Good work life balance and environment
Amazing atmosphere to work in the management understands the needs of its employees. Pay is great as well.
Fun work environment. Open door policy. Fast paced job role. Always learning.
good management team visionary CEO
flexible working work/life balance wonderful team strong leadership
Hard work and deliver results is rewarded, total comp model combined with a share price that will continue to rise results in good financial reward. Huge variety of work opportunity, internal movement is encouraged, promotion is achieved with the right focus
I love working at Amazon. I love the fact that the company is truly interested in the customer needs and satisfaction. I can collaborate with our customers knowing that I'm not taking advantage of them
Lots of oppurtunity to learn.
International company, lots of young people, good career opportunities
good place to work no presure
Was a good experience working here will recommend to friends and others
Was a good experience working here will recommend to friends and others
home time and breaks ... but they are short
Great people good customers . Good training. Quality goods. Happy happy happy people. Good benefits.
The company is really like a startup that never grew up. It is rapidly growing but the spirit of start-up remains. The constant change keeps you on your toes and there is never a dull moment in the day-to-day.  Workplace is filled with smart people who are committed to high-quality work. The people are diverse in their background and experience as well as in their way of thinking, but all are united in the belief in the core leadership principles. How Amazon has manage to simultaneously maintain diversity and commonality is quite impressive.
Good for mid mgt Good facilities like transport etc Good hike for promoted candidate Young motivated crowd Paid in time
Timing is very flexible in some products of amazon. The employee can make their visibility very easily. Good company to learn technical skills, especially for freshers.
Best transport facility, Security guards from g4s are given when night shifts or if any female employee is the last drop. Good salary if done O.T's (over time). Cabs facility is still available after O.T'S too. Good work environment, weekly games on the floor, quizes or entertainment. Completely it's not like a fit in and do it kind of environment, very free work environment. Be yourself and work hard and party harder kind of environment.
Security, opportunities for career growth, 8-4 job, good work life balance, job near where i live, good benefits, multi nationalcompany
Work culture is good having a good environment. Good NSA for people interested in doing OT.
Pickup and drop, good environment
Surrounded by motivated folks and work is challenging as it spans across multiple teams with different system architectures, different working models etc.
Fast paced environment, lot's of areas to work and work with, self development is appraised by management.
development opportunities transfer possible after probation period nice and friendly environment home office policy
Decentralised management structure allows for creativity, ownership and freedom. The company lives by their leadership principles more than anywhere I've seen, and it makes it easier to navigate decision making. Lots of brilliant people in a supportive and friendly environment.
It is a very suitable work atmosphere to develop skills and also learn.
Good work culture, well paying company
Career development Opportunities for learning and improvement Good for goals-driven people Personal support
Great place to work! Fun, fast pace, ability to make an impact, innovative and change! Love it!
I like to work in amazon because its a big corporate company. most popular in a world
There are constant challenges, driven by the customer obsession culture. We really strive to deliver the best thing for our customers. Tnohe people that I work with are team players, very smart, some of them even inspirational and this keeps me enthusiastic.  There are clear promotion guidelines, your management encourages career growth and there is enough flexibility and opportunities if you are not satisifed with your current team.  I've also made a lot of great friends in here, there are opportunities to meet people and befriend them.
Excellent place to work and enjoy.
Constant challenge Amazon opportunities Competitive compensation package Great people
data driven organisation. promotes new ideas. Good analytics teams. Fairly youngin . tech centric.
* Leader in Technology * Open for Innovations and New Ideas * Vast Growth Opportunities * Fast Growing Company
I joined Amazon's corporate accounting team at Seattle headquarters 7 years ago and wanted to learn more about international accounting / operations. Amazon supported me 100% as I looked for an interesting opportunity around the EU - Amazon has Finance offices all over Europe. I eventually landed an amazing opportunity in the Munich office and have joined the German central accounting team, coming up on my 1-year relocation anniversary. Amazon has a robust and efficient relocation team who are great to work with, and a favorable relo package. In 2017, Amazon will create more than 15,000 jobs in Europe – 2,000 of those will be in Germany. These new job opportunities are for people with all types of experience, education and skill levels. Check out Amazon and start making history with other brilliant professionals!
- Salary/bonus/stock package - Team spirit - Between 25-35 years old - Flexible (work from home) - Challenging projects - Fast pace environnement - Strong culture
Good for learning and growing. good compensation
Amazon as a company wants to develop its staff. There are opportunities to develop and even move to completely new business areas. The company as a whole has aims to look after its employees, but these lofty aspirations don't always filter through the management chain.
Work life balance is pretty food here
The best part about Amazon is that it has a very friendly environment and a lot of fun activities.
Amazon is a great place to learn new technologies, to get hands on experience in design, development, support. It is also great place where everyone is owner and contribute towards companies vision.
Freedom of executing you ideas. Amazing benefits You learn more than you think Is always challenging You never get bored Paid travels Great culture Easy to fall in love with the company Well paid job
It is the international company
Amazing entrepreneurial success story, great innovative culture. When in, you're automatically proud of what's happening around you.
* High level of collaboration * Working with like minded people * Things get done here! * Not very hierarchical * Fast paced and constantly changing * Consistent opportunity to grow and develop
1) Fast paced environment 2) Data driven decisions and projects 3) Promotions depending on the quality of work.
An exciting place to work with passionate people and a real belief in achieving goals.  Loved the agency staff we worked for!
Amazon is the best place to work. work/life balance is best. Loads of learning , highly skilled engineers , social email is the best way to get so many inputs on any kind of query.
Great and motivated colleagues. Development opportunities. I have been with AMZN for 7 years, have done various positions in retail. Fair environment.
Free water . if you get a chance to drink
Very good investment into employees in terms of training and support. Plenty of opportunities to succeed and to have that success acknowledged, often at a global level. Strong corporate culture focused on customer, they walk the talk.
- Enormous scale of the network. - Relative autonomy, nobody looks at your screen and rarely asks you what you're doing at the moment. - See something you can improve or automate - go ahead and do it. - Bleeding edge technology
good place to work and good manager
working with good lads, good money for staying clean. potential to go far within a big company if you work hard
I am a current employee of AWS, been working here for about 18 months, and really love it. It's fast paced here, you get to work with a lot of really smart people, and the company really makes it easy for people who like to "build". If you have an idea, and are willing to put in the work, you can almost always get it implemented.  The company has a strong culture. Many organizations have a set of "values" but they aren't always used or implemented. In Amazon, the company's leadership principles are part of your daily work. They are ingrained in every daily interaction.
- Culture is unique: astonishingly customer focus, performance and results driven, data based to its very core, objective and fast paced, demanding while still being supportive, you feel part of a team, and your teammates are basically all-star level in their fields - Growth: lots of opportunities for lateral and upward moves due to both geographical and organic business growth, there is definitely room for taking responsibility and ownership of your work - Opportunities seem endless with the way Amazon has been investing, who knows what will you be working on in 2,5,10 years? That's exciting.
Great and motivated colleagues. Development opportunities. I have been with AMZN for 7 years, have done various positions in retail. Fair environment.
Great products Fast pace 'Make history' - unique projects
Good to work if you like to work as in an army.
- Rapid Growth - Innovative and Exciting Projects - Opportunities for Development - Pretty good pay  Generally I cannot fault much about my career path, having experienced quite rapid development. My advice to anyone joining is to make sure that you are well positioned for the great projects coming along - even if your team is not doing much exciting right now, something will happen in the next few weeks or months, and you want to be the person that management thinks about when that project needs to be implemented.
Good pay and bonuses, plus opportunity to travel. Working on projects with a global impact.
Technology is the essence of the company, friendly and high energy environment, no budget limit for training or traveling. Incredible level of people both from a skill and human perspective
1. Brilliant culture at entry level - good camaraderie between employees 2. Opportunity to be aggressive and take responsibility early in the career 3. Stock has been rising and they are generous with stock options 4. Only stable player in Indian e-commerce industry 5. Many options to shift to other geographies 6. Can switch across verticals within firm 7. Role has a great learning curve
- My career development & growth receives a great deal of attention from my managers.
* Great people to work with—every day you learn from someone something new, you never work alone, lunch conversations are a true pleasure * Never-ending challenges and new problems to resolve—if you like being challenged, work with passion, or if you are full of new ideas and want to make a difference and help other people make the difference, this is the place * Leadership Principles are actually alive—they are not some mission statement, written in an obscure document, they are help you in how you make decisions, how you negotiate, work and manage your career * Plenty of food options—burritos, hamburgers, regular and fancy sandwiches and rolls, Thai, Japanese, French, Indian, fish and chips, 'super-food', market on Thursdays, and many many more, all in up to 6 minutes walk
The company puts a lot of trust into your ability to take the correct decisions both in what's best for the customer and for the company. Constantly challenging with the possibility to create your own way of working.
Stock benefits Amazing culture of putting the customer at the heart of everything . Progression is fast In ovation
Development opportunities Work life balance
- Very talented team - Freedom to have ownership and develop your ideas - Dynamic and changing environment
Amazon is my fourth Fortune 500 employer. Amazon, by far, has the best corporate culture I've ever been a part of. The opportunity to develop a lifetime career is unprecedented. Truly, I've had the best mentors, encouragement and challenges in my tenure at Amazon.
Amazon is my fourth Fortune 500 employer. Amazon, by far, has the best corporate culture I've ever been a part of. The opportunity to develop a lifetime career is unprecedented. Truly, I've had the best mentors, encouragement and challenges in my tenure at Amazon.
Fast career growth. Amazon making a point of hiring and developing the best people. If you are good at what you do and willing to work hard, it will be noticed and you will progress fast. Great company for career orientated people.
Good and friendly environment. Not very strict.
Learning, working with smart people, unique problems, salary
Great travel opportunities. Lots of occasions for training. Working in a fast paced environment all the time. Fun fun fun.
Fast paced, exciting, culture and people.
A good space to learn and grow. good technologies and services.
+ Decisions are mainly based on data + Culture + You get to challenge yourself and learn new things fast + Most of the people are really smart and capable
Innovative, smart, long term, opportunities
Smart people, good company to work for
It is a place where people can lead and drive innovation. Challenges that no one else has. Good processes and a passionate management chain
Good starting salary. Many careers opportunity.
The pace, the meaningful job and the people around are reasons why I like coming to work every day. Luxembourg is a great place to live, whether with family or single.
very good environment nice salary package
Great culture where you are encouraged to take on new challenges, to speak up about own ideas (even if you disagree to a more senior employee/leader) and have the freedom to experiment and be creative.
Innovative, smart, long term, opportunities
Career plan development, international opportunities, growth opportunities. Work on state of the art technologies
Diverse, multiple departments which you may be cross-trained on, plenty of overtime opportunities during peak, people are friendly. Pretty much get hired immediately during peak as long as you pass the alcohol and drug test, meaning you will usually be guaranteed a job which is great.
It's always day 1. There are so many moving parts, new launches, new products, new services and everyone is excited to be part of it.
Nimble, strategic, flexible, ample training available on so many topics, and the confidence that our leadership is investing massively in ensuring that we maintain our market leadership position.
Transport facility, Security, Great work environment, Fun to work around. You get paid for what you work and sometimes more if worked for extra 2 hours or 6th day, high pays. Work hard and you'll move in height faster.
To work here is an opportunity to realize the potential in you and also enhance it invariably due to the opportunities provided here.
i am a fresher with good grassping and learning skills.
- Lot's of opportunities to prove yourself - Every day is a challenge and the level keeps increasing - Helpful coworkers
Very talented people Lots of independence to do your work Open to new initiatives Very dynamic Quite good package
- Ownership based, pro development culture. - Scale at which Amazon operates (there is hardly any company in the world that operates at this scale). - Innovation, Think Big and Deliver Results are contagious. Once you get in touch great people, you can't avoid getting influenced. You get an opportunity to work with some of the world's brightest minds, and over the period of time you start thinking and acting like the one. - You develop habit of deep thinking, data driven decision making.
- Great opportunity to work at global scale - Fast growing business enables huge learning - Flexible and friendly working environment
Easy to get projects up and running, and delivered.
food coupons cab facility OT money environment culture no dress code
_ Customer focused company, where you can see the impact of your day to day job on customers - makes very happy and feel our work is appreciated by the final customer, _ Very innovative, fast moving environment, _ You won't get stuck: plenty of things to learn.
There are great career opportunities - Challenging positions and intelectually motivating. High pace for Innovation, possibility to make the difference. Dynamic environment and high Customer Obsession.
great colleagues think big customer first growing company, business
- Work at a big corporate company that is still a startup at heart - Freedom to build/invent - Move across teams and locations
Very easy to use the platform
* Great customers * Super smart people * Medical aid benefits * Lots of learning opportunities * Room for growth * Lots of time for family at home * Amazing place to work for * Salary is quite high * Highly recommend AWS specifically
Work hard . Have a Fun . Make a history
This company is really driven by innovation and diversity. The technical topics are really interesting. The pace is quite impressive to follow the different new services. Never the time to be annoyed.
Very smart people, very interesting line of business and great colleagues. I came from a lot of multinationals and the company ranked high in team spirit. Salary is high for comparible positions in other companies.
You get paid, it is at least better than being unemployed.
Salary is ok. You get a chance to try out the beta products before release.
Good benefits, customer focused company, lots of opportunities, and overall a company that focuses on innovation and also who listen to its employees.
Amazon has a great atmosphere and great benefits, the most important to me, the chance to change depending on you attitude and what you think it fits most to you, giving you the possibility to explore different fields.
Friendly working environment and very helpful leads and managers
for fun ,good people around,good location
Lots of Autonomy on your work Innovative company, lots of cutting edge products to work on Work with intelligent people Total package is competitive as a result of rising stock
- Quality of people of very high, the company is full of talent - Discussions with senior management are usually based on facts, data, and rationale - Comparatively easy to change roles and functions within Amazon
Exposure to interesting tools, a lot of things to learn
none dont go there bullies
As a multinational company Amazon has to meet with certain deadlines and things need to be done uniformly around the globe to make sure the company holds its place. Is it pressurising? Definitely!! You can feel the tension when you are told to meet your targets! But then its rewarding too! You feel proud of coping up with such a big company! !
Easy work, Best working Environment for amazon Employee.
Good growth opportunities, "hire and develop the best" culture, good compensation benefits.
Company sick pay, Free Parking, Free brews, nothing much more it's slave labour
good place to work for good perks
Top level work culture, people are broad minded. You can learn whatever you want.
fun place to work and so much learning
Very relaxed culture. A lot of scope for growth.
I worked as a Device Associate (QA) in Amazon, Chennai for 3.5 years  1. Environment - It is one such place where people posses an arsenal of skills which is a great motivation to learn. To be precise - 360 Degrees of learning guaranteed.  2. Organization - Anything and everything has a definite structure. Exit point to Entry point, everything is planned already. All I need to do was, follow the map.  3. Outing & Fun - Amazon seriously believes in HAVE FUN. Every quarter there's a short team outing and a compulsory annual outing which is provided by the company.  4. Work - You need to work hard as Amazon always wanted to be ahead of its competitors and it is. Not updating yourself is a doom.  5. Work stations - Your priority of OS platforms to the machine you need is given. Provided, you need your manager's approval.  6. Perks - I was sanctioned an interest free loan for the cause of Chennai Floods. Every year for my level, I get annual bonus. Some random period of time get 500 INR credited to my Amazon account for shopping.  7. Referral Bonus - Hefty sum for your referrals are sure. Minimum 8K to maximum above 1 lakh INR.
Good environment Cab facility Food coupons Night allowance Extra shifts allowance
Competitive environment helping people at work attractive stocks
Has a friendly atmosphere, supportive colleagues.
Some of the best salary structure in the country. Thats about it.
Good Place to work. No restriction for outfits. Cab facilities are good.
Good people to work with, it's pretty much like a second home. A lot of opportunity to get promoted rather quickly. People are always willing to help.
Only Pro was meeting new people and leaving the job.
Great company to work for
The people you work with generous breaks left to work independently management were great and would always try to help
its really nice to work here
the coolest to work is amazon. gives you the freedom to wear anything,work in the way you wish.
Great Place to Work. Flexible work hours.
Good Company.Nice work enviroment. Lot of opportunities
Good salary good hike......thats it good manager ..will get more leaves than any other company
You get to work on latest and vastly spanned tech stack. You get the leverage of both working like anything and absolutely workless
Great atmosphere, challenging tasks, great talent, no hierarchy
Big company name on your resume. Plenty of opportunities for growth if you know how to play your cards right and have the patience to stay in this hell for a decade.
- constant learning experience / extremely steep learning curve, an ideal place for those who are naturally inquisitive and love to learn and develop - forefront of e-commerce/tech sector - very fluid mobility across teams and functions, this is actively encouraged with minimal red tape - surrounded by intelligent, ambitious, and mostly friendly people
> Never felt bored even a single day at work > Very smart peer group > Direct communication with senior stakeholders
none, nothing positive to say about
All Ok. Everyone is simpathetic.
Good Growth,Good Salary, party, office, people
You will be forced to think big and innovate beyond your limits. You will be pushed to grow as a leader throughout your tenure. Limitless potential to make change. Relentlessly high standards. Take any number of leaves when you feel like. Work from home whenever you want. Come to office when it suits you, leave when you feel like. As long as you make sure you deliver results.
Chance to work on different projects
Good pantry, less work stress, amazing people, good work ethics, fun environment, decent office timing, overtime perks
Free to learn, No pressure, own product.
Good environment to work.I m very eager to work on this location.. ... . ......... ......... ........ ...... ......... ...........
- Fast paced environment - Amazon shares as a part of salary - Lots of career development opportunities
flow of work is very good
Good overall compensation and perks.
Competitive salary compared to Japanese companies. Convenient location. I like working on the scale that only a company like Amazon can operate at.
Highly talented people to work with
a good workplace with great time accuracy
a good workplace with great time accuracy
RSUpackage, really challenging, top tier company
good work environment good salary low pressure of work friendly environment
Scale Starting salary Stock Smart people With everything that is wrong, it is still winning Black Friday fun
Lots of overtime always available
too good company for the work culture.
Good recreation facility Management is good Transport facility to all levels of employees Cheap cafeteria and food stall
challenge, people, work prospect,
Really good managers Helpful colleagues Good training period
good EntertainmYou will be forced to think big and innovate beyond your limits. You will be pushed to grow as a leader throughout your tenure. Limitless potential to make change. Relentlessly high standards. Take any number of leaves when you feel like. Work from home whenever you want. Come to office when it suits you, leave when you feel like. As long as you make sure you deliver results.
1. Safe place for female employees 2. Every minute we work is a monitory benefit 3.
1. Great technology 2.Smart people 3.Career growth
top 3 tech firm, big brand name, highly recognized, promising
Great benefits Good environment Company offers many benefits depends on the team and manager above you
number one ecommerce company in the world, this is the only company which is expanding very aggressively in india. Lot of learning opportunities, new technologies. good pay
Its easy work and good pay .
Easy system to input reviews, able to decide on a plethora of products that were of my own tastes.
Flexible work timings, vast learning curve.
Valuable Company with positive goals
Great company with lot of learnings
Good benefits. Pickup and drop.
Good pay for students and if you are looking for 45-60 hours a week during holiday season, this is the place to work.
Work on the most interesting problems Great scale of Amazon to have a lot of impact Company has a strong focus on action - get a lot done
Learning all the time, professional challenges, certifications and advanced skills are highly considered
Exciting work, dynamic work environment and very talented and smart people to work with. Excellent learning and growth opportunities.
speed work at amazon and product are interest
Wonderful place for freshers or young professionals... Anybody will love the atmosphere and facilities.. Nothing to hate in the beginning... Freshers coming out of strict policy based engineering or other colleges will find this place like a heaven!
Good place to learn everything about customer care
Big brand name good for fresher.
it has an amazing enviorment between employees and management alot of oppotunities for for growth and recognition.
just looking to join amazon part time to see if i can earn a reasonable income & see if its worthwhile.
amazon is biggest marketing company in india
challenging work, cool technologies, supportive team members, flat organization
Its a great opportunity to work for amazon
You get paid automatic 10.5 hours even if you finish early.
Good pakage. Nice location. Food Is good.
can learn a lot of new skills
great team work life balance best work culture friendly management
good work culture freedom, cab facilities etc
Not for slackers. You have to work hard and it cab be chaotic but rewarding.
There are give to salary timely
Learn a lot of new things
1)very good work culture 2)ability to work without pressure
To gain more knowledge to keep communicate with each other and to build up my communication skill
casual work life, flexible transport , most of the crowd have laptops,nice ots
Best place to earn money and career growth.. Just we need to get into the right team
Good working environment...ppl r very friendly...
1. Good learning curve 2. Exposure to impactful businesses
Fast paced challenging environment. New changes to witness everyday and can also be a part of the change. Financially sound and you will be happy with what you get end of the day.
work culure is as per expectation
such a good comapny great culture and momey its so great so so so so great
Good salary, good perks,
Learn a lot of new things
1. Exposure to Scaling things. 2. If not anything else you will learn a lot abt AWS services. 3. These days they are promoting knowledge. 4. Jeff is a cool guy.
You will be forced to think big and innovate beyond your limits. You will be pushed to grow as a leader throughout your tenure. Limitless potential to make change. Relentlessly high standards.
For Fresher its one of the best company
leadership development experienced peers Good learning experience
I've been with Amazon for 2 years .. having started as an intern it was all a wonderful journey so far  You'll find good people around you and one of the best managers & leads  Completely cool culture, you'll start loving your job  Enthusiastic peers who'll always cheer you up.. Growth is rapid and appropriate!
Great people, challenging work, OK work-life balance in terms of hours and super OK in terms of vacation, paternity leave, etc. (especially if you are used to consulting or other demanding environments), cool career opportunities, inspiring management, forefront of innovation, etc.
Comp & benefits best across industry great work culture
multicultural environment and helpful colleagues
Salary is competitive and the job is very challenging and dynamic.
top technology and great place to learn
Friendly and great work culture!
They pay for overtime with double per hour and you can work a maximum of 40 overtime hours per quarter
good amazing awesome work culture good environment
Good salary and benefits package, good all round employer to work for. Would definitely consider woking there again if the opportunity arose
Good, clean, transparent, great career growth opportunities!
four day week lets you feel like you can still have some kind of home life
I did enjoy the company
You will learn to be a master multitasker, think under lots of ambiguity, take quick decisions
Best Place to work , exploring new opportunities are maximum
5 days 9 hr job weekend off. Great package and incentives
Yo can go beyond your job description and get exposed to various projects.
Good work environment and culture
Amazon India is one of the top notch companies in India to go for. The work you get here is of a good profile and they also pay you handsomely for your hard work.
Work culture, recognitions, u can take call in work life balance, meet valuable people, Sodexo... Snacks ... Environment.... Under a good manager ur life cherishes
work culture, less pressure, work life balance
Good place to work
Good initial pay, incentives. Fast growth (only if you are good at maintaining PR) with the management
Good working environment Rotational shifts Managers are understanding
One of the most stable & biggest player of online business globally. Really good with the systems & processes.
Great people young dynamic and really cool atmosphere, salary is good too.
Strong and positive culture Dynamic environment Exciting to see more and more new services and features becoming available
Trading your health and happiness for money
The best place to work at. Supportive managers and Friendly Team.
It's is the world most popular company because I work here ...
The opportunity to work with latest tech and learn from very smart co workers
1. Work place is awesome 2. Excellent work life balance 3. Managers are always available for any feedbacks
Flexible working hours, peaceful working environment
Flexible working hours, peaceful working environment
Challenging problems to solve with a great environment to take risks.Competitive salary for lateral recruits compared with campus hires. Very stimulating work environment.
Great culture, positive environment to work and grow.
At Amazon we are given the opportunity to own the part of the business we are responsible for and drive it forward in the manner in which we think will drive the best results. You work with amazing people and focus on the biggest challenges in the industry with global scope.
Great organizational and leadership principles, informal culture, ban on power point presentations, generally fast paced, decentralized culture with a lot of ownership, great flexibility in moving teams / roles.
Good pay on nights. Friendly team members. Free drinks. Make lots of effort for red nose day/ pancake day / Christmas
good culture, great growth, great salary & over time pay
Good transition from college to cooperate. Amazing culture. Great atmosphere to work in.
Customer Obsessed, lives its values, interesting and challenging work
If you want to design and develop softwares for Hitachi groups, this company is most suitable than Hitachi. It is easy for women to work.
good work environment and good work with ample amount of time
1. good company to work with 2. had great leads and managers. 3. have good scope to grow within the company.
- Day to day challenging problems to solve, adequate opportunities for design and coding. - Fun events, outings etc. - Good company to be settled in.
a great team and great people
You will be working with some of the smart people in the field.
You'll hear this a lot and personally, I think some of the talk is overblown but Amazon does indeed have some very, very smart and talented people working there. I know its a cliche, but I did learn a lot from most people I worked with there - and again, I say, most, not all :-) are just genuinely nice people. I would work again with these people without hesitation. I think the leadership there is especially great - just really smart, experienced people with sharp instincts, great insights and lots of ambition. It was really fun working with the folks I did.
Huge growth potential, lots of resources and support to help you growth, develop leadership skills, very high hiring bar and surrounded with very talented people
Good salary. Good facility at office.
Great to work with great team and responsible people.You have chance to develop . Good pay for Level3 0 tolerance to D&A and Grazing
Weekly pay Flexible hours given out that can be used each quarter. Don't fancy staying the rest of the day? Just use your flexible hours, no permission required.
Ownership, dynamic, challenging problems to be solved
very good reputation. Will be chased by the agents after you join Amazon
Good Salary, Great Work Culture
Great Exposure . Great place to start out and great scope for learning
Amazon is a great place to work. Not much work pressure. Pick up and drop facility. No politics.
One of the best company to work with. Most premier company. Employee friendly HR policy, Work from home
- Career Progression - Salary above the average and Nice Benefits - Easy Targets - Extra Projects - Excellent atmosphere - Excellent Work/Life Balance
Good people to work with.
Good facilities are provided High incentives are provided for overtime Friendly coworkers and managers Canteen food is good and cheap
Good work culture, Young and dynamic team Good exposure to technology
employeecentric, hr policies, leave, neutral work pressure, outing, Manager, food coupons, infra structure, dependent salary...
Managers and leads are very helpful,work environment is very nice
No dress code, open-minded culture and friendly people all around. Cab facility for all shifts and food coupons at free of cost.
you may be exposed to cool tech, such as AWS, Machine Learning, and that's pretty much it - not so cool tech.
Expansion mode Lots of opportunities Career Growth
Well known company, pays above minimum wage. Shares and discount
You will always find something new in the business and it constantly brings you and opportunity to drive your career.
Good money, lots of perks, and a sign up bonus. Get to work in a high-pressure environment, writing production-level code at a fast pace.
Meeting some nice people who work here.A sense of being in the job together.
Salary and good atmosphere. Good place to get experience to manage big teams.
Free work environment, friendly people and you might never get bored of your job
you get to learn new things and use high tech equipment
Opportunities to Learn, Lateral Movements
Well known company, pays above minimum wage. Shares and discount
The managers everyone are very friendly
It's Amazon, huge growing possibilities, etc.
You get to grow faster than you can ever think of growing within an organisation. The work culture - can barely tell home from work.
1-not much of office politics or stressed out job 2- growth is good 3- you get paid for extra time 4-takes really good care of there employees 5-constant fun activities to make work interesting
Great people and teams to work with. Opportunities to learn and grow. Fast development environment.
Good company to work at. Friendly environment
Work environment is good.friendly management . Good compensation
Talented people, Great work ethics, You learn a lot really fast
Amazon provides great learning opportunity. You are given full ownership of the work you do. There is good growth potential if you can prove yourself
.Very intense work in a fast paced environment
Pay is great and i can get more experiance within the industry
Innovative, inspiring, ownership, and working with wickedly smart people.
The environment will always encourage you to get the best in you to work.
Only Pros would be Work life balance
Good pay. You don't accumulate any career capital. Barely any skill you acquire here will be transferrable to a new job.
Innovative progressive company that allows you to develop and constantly raises the bar with personal performance, associate engagement and delivering results on a daily .
dynamic environment ecommerce knowledge getting to know innovation from the closest
No dress code Flexible timing 4k transport allowance
Challenging Variety Lots of change- leads to a lot of improvement Projects to get involved on Lots of opportunity for growth and change
Immense learning opportunity, excellent pay structure, stocks are growing fast which makes your earning grow automatically.
Repetative,fast paced, friendly, teamwork, good wage
Good work atmosphere Work life balance Easy approachable leadership Open to suggestions and implementation Trying always to success in various fields
Good enviroment, a lot of opportunity and salary is good enough. No stress at all, really recommended for friends
Challenging work, brilliant learning curve, and good peer group.
Very genuine and selection is based on our talent and determination in life and good vacability in our English and sratandezation of topic
Company is driven by the leadership principles and the spirit is quite entrepreneurial. The environment is multinational, people from many countries work together and they have relocated
Very good company to start our career, we can apply through direct walkin or through employee referrals as well.
People around you are the smartest of the minds. So, you might feel challenged to deliver more.
high salary, good environment, and co-worker
Learn a lot of things and good working environment.
Awesome workplace Environment One of the best working experience apart from few things
Nice office, infrastructure is great. But thats not all !
You meet many people. Not bad place. You're being treated good from ur leaders. The canteens are big, clean and have everithing that you need. There is transport
good platform to learn technologies
Fixed work timings Cab facility and good cafeteria
You join as L3 employee and can get shares upon promoting to L4, Amazon shares are very valuable Provide Cab Facility and other Shift,OT allowances and No dress code
awesome place to work
In this company has more options to growth. It's also one the MNC company, it's contains work hard, have fun and make history.
Amazing experience to work with world's most customer cetric company.
Good place to work, grow and enhance your skills on the job. Good work culture.
mid-high Technology, geek, hard work, enough salary.
Smart and hardworking colleagues and direct reports, opportinities for growth within the organization, engaging work
everything is a pro in amazon
Good place to learn and explore
- Cool office - Pantry - Perks
* Good learning. * Fast moving company. * Competitive salary in the industry. * Vast number of opportunities in the company across different locations. * You can switch to any other team whenever you want.
good package good transport facility great work environment no pressure of work safe environment
good benefits personal time off and vacation days
Everything is perfect in amazon
Super challenging environment. Truly a learn on the job kind of company. Loads of responsibility and accountability on first weeks. Great place for growth career wise. Great values if implemented correctly.
Greater opportunities to learn fast. Encourages autonomy and calculated risk taking. Great set of People to work with. Freedom to set your own work style and pace. You are encouraged to try different roles in different functions every couple of years.
amazing working enviroment, good support from your co workers and sups. good salaries
Great atmosphere great learning experiencfe big brand name
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
None truly awful place to work
Lot of amazing opportunities in the India business
Lot of amazing opportunities in the India business
No dresscode Healthy environment Great place to work Amazon brand tag Lovely place Now work pressure Helpful management Friendly colleagues
good company to work for, great experience in your bucket
good benefits,very systematic working,everything is well defined,pay is good,chance to learn a lot of things,good for a starter,lots of voluntary overtime
Great place to work as a product owner. Loved every minute of the role. Challenging and lots of interesting work.
Good work environment Team outings
salary is high in mazon company..happy
Workholic New Technology Great Learning  Salary - no one can beat at least for SDE-2 in india
Good potential to grow. Great opportunity to learn and work with intelligent people. Nice offices and a lot of cultural events.
- decent base salary - flexible working - a bit of traveling
no pressure.Good for married women
Very progressive organisation. Always has the long term future in sight while taking decisions. Culture is very tightly held by leaders and consistent across.
Good office space, good and productive work, lot of team outings.
Very dynamic environment and fast growing.
To day work completed at the best way to day fully
Supportive people Good pay Lot of benefits Informal and free atmosphere
Exposure, Excitement, Leadership skills and a great learning opportunity. Some of the best minds to collaborate and work with.
Great place to work. Benefits offered probably the best in industry.
Good company to work, good people
good time and environment, possibility to change jobs within the company
decent salary, nice place to learn
There are lot of opportunities in Amazon. If you don't like your role you can always apply for other roles(you get it if you're lucky). Pays quite well for a very simple stress free role. If you have a good manager you can grow well here. I would say its a very good place for freshers to start their career before moving to other companies.
Best Company to work . Good environment.
One of the best work environments I've ever seen. Transparency is followed well, a good place to start off with
Nice environment, you will be surrounded by smart people from all over the world
Good Exposure, MNC Culture & Tradition, Good Knowledge in F & B
good working environment and working ethics
Friendly Broad Minded Team Members
Pays very well. Very passionate
The logistics of the process of FBA(Fulfillment by Amazon) is exceptional. The amount of knowledge I garnered during my years in Amazon helped me achieve better opportunities. It is an amazing organisation with regard to the salary or the benefits provided to an employee.
Very fast paced activities, lots of work to do, good pay, good vacation,
Fast paced environment that encourages you to learn as much as you can and supports development. Lots of great people working together as a team and opportunities for advancement.
A lot of pros nice compensations nice place to work and grow People is very nice .
Great work culture , no dress code, ample opportunities
Positive company culture, work-life balance.
Fun Place to work, no dress code and a pretty chilled out work culture.
Gives a lot of freedom to the work, flexible time
Work hard. Have fun. Make history
The best reason to work at Amazon is that you feel so free and you are not surrounded by bosses but by leaders
In this time any job is fine
Great internal mobility, great teams (i was lucky), Smart people Good managers (i was lucky) Fun to work in, good atmosphere
good pay £108 per day 6 days a week self employed flexible schedule van provided weekly rental different routes
The team I was working at was great, helpful and I learned a lot. Was working with cutting edge technologies and enjoyed the internship very much.
1. Excellent work environment. 2. Helpful managers 3. Friendly culture 4. Very adjustable environment
exciting company with lots of growth potential , lots of exciting projects to work on
Free coffee provided. Nice supervisors
Good people who have passions to work. Interesting project that is inspiring. You can also receive high salaries, the same as other high tech companies. Seattle is also a good city
Learn a lot, fast paced, high turnover of staff means new ideas coming in all the time
Good salary , great opportunity to learn a large scale operation and to manage a large team. Fantastic management and leadership learning courses.
Friendly staff and nice managers, lots of training providing usually by friendly team members. Cafeteria on site lots to choose from
Good Place to learn much skills and have a lot of good co owrkers to get into. Good projects to complete and good HR management
Good environment and good coardination between employees Amazon is a top multinational company.Best rated online services like handling package good delivery speed . On time delivery is good.
Easy to go & clean job.
If you are motivated to work hard and meet the standards that are required of you then the Company and job are great. No lazy unmotivated people need apply.
no man management self management is encouraged
Reputable company Good salary good job oppurtunities
Great company to start off ur career
Good place to work for product managers
Multiple transversal opportunities. Company is growing a lot
Ease of work and brand name
Great company to start your career
Great people to work with, clear company vision, great values
Great people Culture Ownership stimulating Balance
Great company with really great benefits. It a company that reciprocates on people that stay for a long time.
High level of freedom in making decisions about the software on team level. Access to a lot of different resources if it's justified.
Higher salaries (+4000/gross/month) if compared to similar jobs.
international environment good company learned a lot
Like-minded individuals with a varied perspective which exposes you to a wider world. Good cultural values which enable you to express your work the way you want to.
lots and lots to learn, become a professional
Best work culture.New things to get learn daily
Best work culture.New things to get learn daily
Open door policy, your view and opinion is not dismissed, company is employee friendly and works In making sure our views are taken into consideration.
I would say no pros working in an Amazon warehouse
best work culture in the industry
One of the most customer centric and innovative company to work. Great and open culture which always motivates everyone to perform at their best potential
Very good learning opportunities, it will be good if you are in tech filed.
1. Great place to start your career
Smart and challenging colleagues, good atmosphear (for white collars), compensation, potential internal opportunities. Fast pacing company who is great for anyone who like that and can follow the rythm. Innovation and autonomy is encouraged. There are a lot of opportunities to learn, by yourself, from your colleagues and sometimes your mentor. Great for self starter.
Culture at work place, flexible time, team events
Great company great brand great opportunity
good work culture! great peers and food
Work with smart people all the time
- Very intelligent people with a can-do attitude. - Excellent compensation relative to market. - The senior management adopts a very detail oriented / hands-on approach (they're not afraid to ask for your spreadsheets and will dive deep). - More than half of the workforce has been here for less than 2 years (this can be both a good and bad thing because it keeps the firm entrepreneurial).
Payment is good, fruits and biscuits around.
good career start for a fresher great perks and benefits great work environment
Great Learning Opportunity and Good Working Environment
Awesome place with great tools.
Awesome culture Crazy staff Unimaginable work style Pleasant ambience No restrictions on what you can deal with You can go out of box for satisfying the customer Excellent night shift and over time allowances Free food and transportation And a lot more.....
Amazon is really Awesome to work with, I really regret for resigning the job, we don't have work pressure, NO dress code. More over every one treats us like their own family. I learned many new things from Amazon. Our team had many Unique projects.
work life balance is good
work life balance is good
Very supportive culture, lots of opportunities to move ahead and grow within the company and the atmosphere is fun while expectations are still high. Very talented colleagues to learn from!
Good compensation. But that's about it
- Immense growth opportunities - Over time is available through out the year
great place to work! lots of fun activites
Great community. Love the atmosphere. Great team and lots of fun!
You can get an amazing experience, growing up your ideas, you can win a lot of money and have a lot of fun! Trye it
Laptop will be given to u.. So u can complete your work whenever u like.. Take care of employees very much
Just name of amazon, nothing else. Cab facility was good earlier but even now it's replaced. Good location which is again shifting to outskirts.
excellent work culture. one of the best company to work for.
Fast growth, Good Management, Good Learning
Good culture and environment to work. Gives lot of opportunities to learn and provides great bandwidth for IJP
Good environment and facilities.play hard and enjoy. Flexible work hours. Cabs at door step.good perks
Awesome work culture, Good growth, good learning curve, amazing atmosphere. The office was amazing. Intern at amazon was totally an awesome experience
Environment is very fast-paced, so you learn at faster rate You are surrounded by smart action-oriented people Interesting projects
no formal dress code flexible for wearing casuls
Gives you a great opportunity, to learn, grow and better yourself. Great brand, allows you to work with really intelligent people. Hard work is rewarded and you feel like a valued employee.
There are so many pros of working at Amazon:- 1. Nice salary 2. Nice Management 3. Growth 4. You learn a lot.
Laptop will be given to u.. So u can complete your work whenever u like.. Take care of employees very much
dynamic organization is dynamic freedom for your role good budget for your projects
dynamic organization is dynamic freedom for your role good budget for your projects
Good working environment, great people to work with
The fun we had during training
Very intelligent staff. Opportunities for career development if you know the right people You are given responsibility from very early on. You are allowed to actually think for yourslef and make improvements and changes as you deem right. A very very innovative company
awesome work culture,plenty of perks and good environment
An amazing place to learn new skills and develop yourself. There is constant motivation to improve and focus on the customer. Creativity and innovation is encouraged.
Great culture and leadership principles. Amazon is all about being obsessed with our customers
Great environment and no politics absolutely satisfied with the company comparing with my previous experience
Challenging environment Early responsibility Leading large teams
dynamic team, great potential to learn and shape the business, lots of chances to gain responsibility
dynamic team, great potential to learn and shape the business, lots of chances to gain responsibility
good environment, friendly staff. young people
- Flexible work timing. - Good number of leaves and WFH. - Easy to move to other teams inside Amazon, across the world. - Good travel policy ( CABs)
Fun to work in, Good growth rate
Lots of experienced developers to work with.
Best of 9 companies I have worked for. Work is very interesting and challenging, people are nicest I have worked with (a very good hiring process helps here).
Decent salary. Decent growth. Lots of leave balance (that you cannot take)
more challenges on new technology more chance to practice all kinds of new technology great people to work with and learn more as long as you want to learn
No Fixed hours, Sat- Sun off. Easy to get leaves. Managers very polite and friendly.
Its always awesome. to. work at amazon... go for it guys... a lot of interest and a bit smart work can get you a job at amazon
Good exposure to different roles, enough opportunities to learn and grow and experienced leaders
Excellent environment to work on, good salary and flexibility.
A lot of innovation is happening here, enough work and space to grow.
Good people, Great culture, Amazing place to learn, Great ownership
* Undoubtedly the best brand on the planet. It is Amazon! * Amazing customer service - the customer truly is all that matters at Amazon which is inspiring. * Fast paced environment, you can't ever be bored * You cannot help but begrudgingly respect Jeff and all he stands for, it works! * You'll likely be a one man band in your role meaning you don't delegate to anyone so lots of responsibility and scope to learn. * Really corporate and very business focused so if you think it's a fluffy retail environment you'll be shocked. *Big focus on pushing Amazon as an innovative tech brand and Prime is probably the most important proposition for future growth of the brand (aside from AWS which of course speaks for itself). * Lot's of engagement with Director's which is good for personal growth. * Structured training seminars and opportunities to learn outside your skillset * Regular reviews and team catch ups which means you always have an element of feedback * Great if you are highly proactive and a self-starter. Also great if you are willing to do your time and work your way up the hierarchy. Amazon awards long standing staff and loyalty. * Lots of scope for super geeks to do really well and win awards like the Just Do It Award and Desk Door Awards from Jeff B. * Opportunity to work with other big brands and partners and third party businesses which makes for nice wide scope of work and alleviates the stress of being part of Amazon. * Mostly what you get from Amazon is the chance to do pretty much anything once you leave. It is a brand that makes people take note and opens you up to any brand you want really! * If you manage to stick around you get chunky annual bonuses added onto your monthly salary which means you're earning about 20% more than your base salary each year. * Lots of travel opportunities for meetings, conferences and events * There are a lot of genuinely smart, cool, pleasant people at Amazon irrespective of people's assumptions
Fun at work, Challenging, Easy to switch projects, Annual bonus, Freedom to learn and get skilled
The reputation and pride with which you can share your employer's name. You get incentives if you're a workaholic. And last but not the least it's never boring there. *read amazing work culture*
good learning opportunity, great perk
Wonderful work environment and culture
Innovative teams. Interesting problems to work at. No technology choices/barriers. Strong leadership principles
Worst place to work in
Good communication skills , hard worker
The people who work there are nice and its easy to connect with them because everyone there has the same thing in common - suffering because Amazon is a terrible company to work for
Mentorship programs worldwide, multiple programs for developing and training
Nice culture, people seem to enjoy and do their jobs out of passion rather than obligation. It pays quite well, including lots lots of benefits (insurance, pension schemes 401 etc)
Work flexibility for every employee
Good place to start your career as a freasher
fast paced great leadership skills good pay package opportunity for promotion opportunity to travel
Work Culture, flexibility, innovation, great projects
Great start as a fresher, great growth rate
The learning curve you have in Amazon is very high.
Good Benifits e.g discountmon some items Promotion oppotunity to higher roles in the company Good team and good working enviorement!
Good company leadership and values. A lot of opportunities to grow and challenge oneself.
9 years tem work at thane bhiwandi
- Good exposure to large scale operations and high operational standards(2 years is enough to gain such experience if you haven't before) - Working with highly skilled individuals everywhere - Mobility in meaning of moving between teams/countries/roles(it is very wise not to stay in your team after promotion) - Interesting challenges that you won't see in smaller companies - Location of Dublin office is good - Budget for conference attendance/trainings
- Good place to work - a lot to learn - complete ownership of projects
Stress-free work with good conditions
Wonderful growth possibility. Facilities and freedom.
Flexible working hours Very good work life balance Mentors are very helpful You get to learn a lot
- Great place to learn at a great pace and demonstrate steep learning curves - Chance to work together with the most briliant minds in the industry - Good salary and compensation.
Customer oriented, not number driven like other IT company, you have flexibility to learn a lot technology here
Very helpful HR team and managers. They helped me in each and every part of the campus drive, one of the best and friendliest guys you will ever meet in an interview.
Timings no micro level management good salary cabs good cafeteria
Meritocracy. great PPL to learn from. fast and defined career. Great as entry level job. nice salary and great stock option value.
Lot of emphasis on Leadership so you grow holistically not only technically
Good work culture Strong value systems High customer obsession
As an intern,It really feels good to work with so much of techies around.Everyone are just awesome.
decent pay. chilled out work, nothing else apart from that
Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History.
Lot of learning will get to work on lot of technology, can work independently.
Lot of learning will get to work on lot of technology, can work independently.
None hate the place though go yesh
Great benefits -stock, welcome bonus Good location, good transport links in a lively area Modern offices- great tech faculties, break out areas and lots of meeting rooms Intelligent colleagues - they hire the best! High profile brand - you'll feel proud to work here Flexible working Great onboarding and training Autonomy in your day to day role
Team work and the opportunity to learn in fast paced environment. I like the way Amazon fulfill the target in time to satisfy their millions of customers
Social, relaxed, interesting business, nice people, good training schemes, big parties, innovation, great company to have on your CV and now in a good location in London (Holborn Viaduct. great exposure/ given a lot of responsibility
All established company pros: * Things are in process. * Competent employees get valued. * High level (SDE 2 or more) get good compensation. * Adds a lot as a brand value to your resume.
no dress code, stress free environment, supportive management and seniors, good communication can be achieved, stage fear is gone etc etc etc
The salary is good and there are no cutbacks on hardware when you think it will improve your work.
good work enviornment positive attitude
Best development and training provided. Very good working environment.
You can work from home, know your shifts a month in advance, always get plenty of hours, good job security, and good support systems from managers, coaches and teammates.
You get all the comforts you want
Helpful people, ownership of work, lots of learning, no dress code and fun team outings! :)
Amazon is a great place to learn and grow.
Generous with bonuses, gifts such as Kindles, merchandise etc
work is interesting, great coworkers
Each team at Amazon works like a startup in itself, using vast varieties of technologies. The learning curve is steep. Salary is competitive.
Good atmosphere, some interesting and large-scale problems. Incredible place to meet some brilliant people to learn from. Quite a few small clubs or groups doing activities outside of work.
Best medical aid benefits Provident fund The vibe at work
Great Managers , awesome people , good benefits
Good stock options, best of the best competitive people to work with, exposure to best ecom work practices. The company is growing rapidly, this provides opportunity to people who excel!
Easy to get motivated by top performance culture
Many Internal Opportunities, Good peers to work with
awesome exposure to different technologies and fast pace individual development
Best medical aid benefits Provident fund The vibe at work
The work-culture is pretty good. The bonus structure is satisfactory. The company provides free transport.
It ia good platform freshers very best compay
Flexible working time, many things to learn, you are the owner of code, you can discuss various technical aspects and make decisions on your own, good amount of leaves in a year.
Good culture, system, environment, so many things to know about, so still it's Day one... suits very well to an individual.
Salary, High no. of leaves, Good Managers
Dynamic international environment, potential growth
work quality, pay scale
HR Policies, leaves structure, Pay n Perks and more importantly peace of mind in Indian startup uncertainty they are here to stay !!
Had a lot of learning oppourtunity to learn .  Travel and acommodation was taken care by amazon
Best place work environment rocks
Flexible work timings Good Team Good learning during initial phase Sound operations Team work
None really. Maybe a free basket of fruits once a week.
Great coworkers and managers, Training is far more in depth than regular companies and there are ALWAYS opportunities to better yourself.
always employee friendly and best with work life once you reached target
1. Work environment is really good. Allowed to wear dress of our choice. 2. They provide good incentives during festival with. 3. Overtime pay is good
Very sharp talent pool. High growth leaders are built here.
Collegues are very co-oprative they will help you with every problem you are facing
Good company with nice facilities and work culture
Customer focused, top talented people,
Great summer job to gain money
Work culture,open door policy ,work from home.
great people, fast changes, AWS, new technologies
Work Hard.Have Fun.Make History . No work load No pressure Best place to work with .
A great place to work and grow
Good Salary. You learn to work along with different teams
Good Salary. You learn to work along with different teams
indoors warm some good people but not meany
Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History.
very good,decent good work life balance
Good environment and good pay
Big name Well known Customers seem to like Amazon Good to add in your resume Hard to write 20 words
Amazon offers a lot of benefits for its employees . Good place to gain a lot of experience
Best company to start your carrer..Good transportation...friendly Happy to work in such a reputed company
good environment good people good salary no work pressure
Really fast paced, working on some exciting new technologies
Lots of changes helps you to learn Many smart people to learn from
Great atmosphera Great management Fantastic people Good potencial opportunity
Different opportunities to learn different skill.good pay for ots
Super cool place to work. Good management.
great team of ppl, who know their work well, provide very good back-support through training, its veru indepth. love the atmosphere...
nice work culture good amount for over time
Good benefits, you get laptops, nice office
work culture is good with positive attitude
This is an amazing platform to earn more money and also less stress
Pay and perks are facilities provided are good
Great to work here each day and flexible hours!
Great Company to work with, Employee Friendly Policies
A company which gives Competitive salary A place where Startup culture is seen Place for Innovation
Great team Smart people good management Good communication between departments in different projects
-Working 4 days and off 3 days but was10 hours shift's -good pay if you get hours, Christmas period usually   In the beginning it was challenging and little support given from supervisors as they except you to pick up rather quickly with the threat of being moved to nights. It comes down to whether your manager/supervisor likes you to how quick you progress/learn. The company has a lot of favoritism I was the only operational assistant on my PM shift and at first I had one colleague join me, both were trained the same but one of my supervisors which was close to the manager favored him slightly. After that supervisor become manager and our old manager got promoted to senior manager it became much more evident.  To the degree that my manager tried to get rid of me by complaining to my agency supervisor that my performance is not up to standard. Were it not for the other supervisor whom stood up for me they would have long fired me. At the end after a few months I realised my quality of life is affected by this working environment and left the company which felt like the best choice I ever made in my life.
Amazon a place where you get to work with society's smart people, pay is very good here, hardly you find work pressure, very dynamic HR team, top class resources and great ambiance at every campus...etc
Great place to work, best work environment
Huge Responsibility very early. Great colleagues. Constant opportunities to learn. Financially rewarding. Great attitude to educating their employees.
its a laid down environment
flexible working hours and good payment conditions per week.
Aggressive business, good systems and business processes
Flexible work timings Great pay Good teammates
Good job,good benefit,good coworkers.Good job,good benefit,good coworkers.
Work Exposure, Good pay, Awesome benefits, Excellent Ambience and employees to work with, cracking Interview is neither easy nor tough.
Its very much an employee friendly place and provides lot of projects and helps us to grow faster
Good chance of promotion. Good work ethics.
Positive atmosphere, supportive managers, no dress code, you can play music on the floor, employees can WFH when it is necessary, paid leaves , cab facility.
Brand looks good on CV
getting good experience and making good friend
Good Working Environment. Helpful Management. Decent Pay scale. Good Learning with helpful environment. recognition from management for your work with bonus.
Good opportunity to learn, free from internal politics and transparent. Excellent growth opportunities if you are a smart worker. Employee empowerment.
1. Great learning culture. 2. Great minds. 3. Ample opportunities.
Growth chance in India, cool atmosphere, no dress code, friendly environment, learn from best ppl. U can discuss your problems or query with any1.
good for experience in logistics
Very solid process oriented company. Policies and HR functions very mature.
Best Cloud provider, surounded by smart people, lots of things to learn and progress your career. If you want to be in the center of real innovation and representing customer voice, this is the place!
Data driven work, very informal, and result oriented
amazing salary, great colleagues, amazing prospects.
good place to work , good pay
Huge internal resources to learn Cloud if you want to learn.
Environment (small team, really good manager and coach leader) Multiple knowledge (a lot of training and knowledge about Amazon.fr, usefull for people who like to learn a lot)
good office in bangalore karnataka
Comfortable work shift Available transport Greater policies for career inside Amazon
Easy job to get Meet new people who however leaves after one month because of the way they're treated
negociate when you start because salary increase after are low.
healthy surrounding for the freshers.
- Work on meaningful products
Good Salary Brand Value And with no doubt Amazon is a customer obsessed company People are really very smart and really good at what they do
cheerful atmosphere, supportive managers, double pay on overtime
Flexible timing, Big brand, Intelligent leaders, good growth in terms of softskills
Flexible timing, Big brand, Intelligent leaders, good growth in terms of softskills
Good work culture, decent benefits, no dress code
Good pay Leads/ managers really nice and friendly Make friends with loads of people Great to keep active as a picker
They teach you to be independent, you get to learn a lot and you become confident very soon
Excellent Health Program and insurance.
No Rotational Shifts.Friendly Work environment.
To be a part of succes story, work in amazon. Env is awsome. Ppl are awsome.
Open, fast, young, diverse, good environment, good salary
People, dress code, free pop corn, tea, dental and medical insurance, asociación solidarista, parking, not a call center, great location in calle blancos, opportunities to grow within the company.
Great learning environment. Good set of people to work with. Excellent salary and benefits. Exposure to Seattle team. I learnt to be a good people manager at this company.
Great teams, opportunities to work with people all around the world...
Role needs skills of people manager, real time management, driving process improvements. Challenging role, exposure to senior leadership, rapid growth possible within customer service. Autonomy to drive projects & take initiatives.
No work pressure, Great atmosphere, Fun place to work with an an energetic workforce. Transportation provided by the company as well.
great learning curve smart ambitious people to work with fast pace challenging projects
- Great & transparent culture (refer to its Leadership Principles): non-hierachical, humble, no bull-shit, non-political - Fairly entrepreneurial in-spite of its large size, and one of the few global tech cos to also be successful at its new initiatives - Lots to learn & contribute, enables movement into new roles seamlessly, rewards high performance
Excellent place to work and grow.
The work place environment is good and growth chances are dependent on your work. Office politics is very less.
Good work place for freshers High standard work environment Sophisticated infrastructure Great culture Leisure center
Fast paced and high impact work
Its a great start into the company
Its a great start into the company
I think that the salary is the only thing that keeps people at Amazon
good opportunities, good benefits, good work life balance...etc
Good package, to work in this organisation it is mandatory you should be an good team player. also it is good to have different work culture.
I can't say I noticed any pros of working at this company. Treat staff like something on the bottom of their shoe.
Fully developed network and policies Good infrastructure Nice ambience Gives you good start for your career New technology Culture to learn and develop
See how a huge corporation looks from the inside.
Very good learning opportunity Very weel paid, lots of stock Over 4 weeks of paid time off (of various reason) in first year) Office location right at Union
Nice people, but too much work for the salary they give out
Highly intensive and hands on management experience post-MBA High profile program that provides notable opportunities for advancement within operations Work in leading operations company
Good learning curve. You meet people who have years of experience and are not snobbish or stuck up. Got to travel altho this was an internship position, and made many new friends
Amazon FC offers free transportation to and from work, performance oriented environment and good relationships. Supports can-do attitude and managers here ensure that your work is still positive challenge. There is quite effective change management: Internal problem addressing and real solution of problem situations.
Great people and workplace. Good training provided plus review of your work is done on weekly or monthly bases, gives you feedback right away and provide training if necessary. Nice offices create pleasant place to work in. Good place to work.
Amazon principles and ethics are well-suited to finding jobs within the company or without. The high expectations placed on you as an associate will push you to excel, should you wish to do more than just "have a job", they can help you "have a career"
Awesome working environment. Friendly Management.
Good Salary . It's definitely what you yourself make out of the experience
Good management , friendly and supportive team
a) strong reputation and brand value b) plenty of opportunities for growth in the company across functions c) knowledgeable peer group - extremely high hiring bar ensures that one gets to work wth the sharpest minds in the industry d) employees are challenged to continuously achieve high standards which is great for professional development
Environment, discioline, interaction, skill development.
Communication Mutual understanding Best Speaker Positive mindset
Great technology. Few meetings. Free to play with AWS. Nice office. Smartest people. Exposure to many things. Innovative company. No stupid perks. (Although, no perks at all)
Great company Great benefits Company asociación solidarista Bonuses Private Insurance
Fast paced learning and activities. Rate of change is huge which creates lots of opportunities to find the job that best suits you.
a) strong reputation and brand value b) plenty of opportunities for growth in the company across functions c) knowledgeable peer group - extremely high hiring bar ensures that one gets to work wth the sharpest minds in the industry d) employees are challenged to continuously achieve high standards which is great for professional development
Innovative, gives space, growth opportunities
OT is superb Good people Good work environment
Amazon allows you to be as ambitious as you desire, allowing you to achieve and get recognised for your efforts. If you have an idea, there are always smart people to work with who will help and guide you. It's a challenging environment, but very rewarding when you get it right. The company environment suits me more than any other I've worked in, and it accommodates flexibility.
Good working culture and good compensation/benefits
Lovely office, very colourful located close to metro station international environment
nice company to work,lot of opportunities for young bloods,. One should give it a try
Cab facility, work environment. Will get life time experience to tackle professional politics
Good Working Environment. Fair and equal treatment. Frequent and regular bonus involved. Free cab facility. Group outings. Horizontal management structure.
One of the best company to work with, A person who has worked for more than 6 months is eligible for IJP. which is not the same case with different companies.
Flexible timing, with lots of opportunities
Good working culture, nice perks
Cool place to work guys...
Great atmosphere and high regards for employee and customer satisfaction
Health insurance Canteen Multicultural workforce
too fast paced, no breaks
Work with great people. Exposure to global products at scale. Technically advanced. Fast changing.
Good pay, flexible shift (that's actually a con, as you are expected to be around all the while, since its flexible), international business exposure, internal movements (since vertical growth is slow people move laterally), vast workforce (if you like to be known as an employee of a huge brand with huge pool of resources)
better to join MNC company like amazon for a bright future
good environment ,better interaction and so many things.
- Interesting work - Competitive salary - Smart people
It is very nice to work in such a healthy and awesome environment. People here are always ready to help you.
- informal culture, everyone knows each other, it was like one big family - challenging environment with a lot of opportunities - high salary - Onboarding process was well organized. If you are level 4 and above (salaried people), you have to go through Amazon Experience week, where you spend one shift (10hrs) on each of four basic processes in the warehouse. The second part of the onboarding process was Organizing Leadership Orientation program, which takes place in Luxembourg, where they will make you understand about Amazonian culture. - if you are workoholic and you are willing to devote all your time to the company, then Amazon is exactly a place for you and you will love it here
Growth , Young colleagues, Best techonologies
to be honest I heard a lot of bad press about amazon but give them credit the actual amazon managers seem pretty clued up and will help you when stuck pretty good training but I think I had one of the better trainers a girl called Jackie she was great very helpful and great all round trainer canteen food is great and pretty cheap I had heard it was hard to hit the numbers required for target but tbh it was ok if you kept head down pretty unfair the way certain ppl were off task a lot so there average nos dident go down until they got a trolly with dvds which was realy unfair funny supervisers pets with t@@s
Not to much to say but its good to work in international environmental
- learning potential - leadership principles - learning by doing - training resources - prestige of employer will benefit CV - work from home possible
The pay is good and the benefit and retirment are well arranged
Good scope to learn a lot of new things. Lot of new technologies. Lot of automation scope
Great opportunities, fast moving, fair
Exciting services, smart people, opportunities
Good place to learn, with a lot of opportunities to work with many projects, and automation.
Good working environment, look after employees
Constant challenges, multiple learning opportunities, very talented employees, great Christmas and summer parties
Work culture Freedom of thoughts People Shift timings Learnings
Creative environment, great leadership and vision
Freedom to work on various projects, and the work uploaded by various requesters on the dashboard need to be completed.
Good Environment and people also good
Work culture is really good. You will find each individual focused towards their work and they are consistent in their performance.
Excellent opportunities to explore various roles within the company. High hiring bar usually ensures great teams. Strong focus on Leadership Principles provides continuous guidance and helps identify priorities many a times.
good environment and work culture is also good. helpful for freshers as they will learn a lot in this company
Great benefits package with RRSP up to 4% Supervisors and Managers are very nice and care about you Good work environment
Good atmosphere. Everyone should like to work in amazon..over all good experience. Tough competition.
-Smart engineers for the most part
You will meet and work with some of the great software engineers, learn about processes and software development standard practices.
work culture Global outlook lot of growth opportunities
Overtime, Job security till the time you wotk
Pretty good pay, have a chance to work abroad.
conducive work environment, top quality peers, best work location, free transport by company
The work culture is really good and the work is allocated and not followed continuously by the managers. Instead, they give full responsibility to finish it on time.
Overall, a great employer, lovely people to work with. A challenging environment but you can learn a lot. You can up skill yourself and do your dreamed job! You can grow easily. I fully recommend it.
Cool, young team, flexible hours as long as you do your required hours per day. 25 days of holiday
Team buildings, friendly environment, gaining valuable experience on job.
Learn something everyday, keeps you on your toes.
Very Good Work Culture And Environment
Great company to work with. Great ppl and lots of fun.
People, work culture, amazon learning resources, workplace(WTC, Bangalore)
People, work culture, amazon learning resources, workplace(WTC, Bangalore)
Knowledge on e-commerce Work environment is good
Great and dynamic environment, good career opportunities, flexibility in working hours / locations (occasional work from home / other Amazon offices is allowed)
There is never a dull moment. Filled with challenges
Lots to learn, the opportunities as an intern are limitless,
Very smooth process. Love the culture
very cool work environment. vast career growth opportunities. .
good wage for a beginner, located in a convenient place , good work experience
this is good company to work with
My team is great. Flexible hours. Work life balance. Wonderful manager. Ability to work from home. Team activity every once in a while. Most team members help each other out when help is needed.
excellent infrastructure team work supportive cool environment not much work load handsome salary friendly employees supportive an awesome company to start with
good environment to work peoples are very helpful
Good work environment. Always had fun while working.
There where Good rates of pay
Good Salary over Christmas, easy to get in to.
Amazon Brand name and work life balance.
Amazons cares about their employees. He helps people to complete education. It is stable company, My salary never come late. Work time is 4 days a week. You can grow there.
Great minds, competitive compensation there is always an opportunity to learn
None, not a good experience working for them.
Good Overtime Strong HR Policies Good Principle 2 weekoff
Good Overtime Strong HR Policies Good Principle 2 weekoff
Very dinamyc company, as you start earning your peers/managers trust you get to manage cool projects with full ownership on them, plus you get to work with best in class peers/managers
good pay meet new people
1 of the best place to work
Great guys to work with, management give you time and opportunities.  Non-peak hours are great on night, 6:30 pm till 5:30 am 4 days a week
Lesser work pressure Fun at work Employee Benefits Transparency
I've just started on the job but so far, so awesome. I am in complete happy shock with how friendly everybody is, always trying to help you. Free coffee, great benefits.
hub of innovation, awesome culture and amazing benefits
Amazing engineers. Opportunity to learn. You can see immediate impact of your work.
Flexible timing good work good company good team
Intelligent people around Good pay Business driven
Platform teams are great to work for.
good payscale highly commited employ best working environment
Great place to work Good Perks Learn new things every day Smart people everywhere
Best work culture! Time in time out doesn't matter. No LOP. No internal politics. Lots of rewards and recognitions. You will be recognised for every single contribution you make.
Loads to learn, use the best technologies, amazing experience as an intern.
Brand to work with but does not live up to its reputation.
Ownership for leading project You own your project from the day 1.
The company is expanding fast. Very easy to move geographically, a lot of opportunities for a fast growth in operations.
good enjoyable work place......flexible and great place to work
Working for Amazon is very demanding and the benefits match your involvement. I've been with the company for 4 years now and I love working here. The company culture is pretty solid, with 14 Leadership Principles to guide you, designed to balance each other and help you make hard decisions. The career options are also fairly diverse here, and I've had the fortune to be able to switch tracks after 2 years and teams after 4 years (though one can do so whenever they feel they're ready).
It's a good company with good staff to work with
Great workplace with lot of learnings.
Great working culture, Decent enough perks, Industry standard salaries. Addressing people with their first names, Free Wifi xD
Great opportunities, a lot of ownership and autonomy
Good Work culture and work life balance
friednly work environment, good scope for development.
good salary for current standards
transport facility employee providant fund insurance for every employee
Progression and fullfil your own career
- very smart coworkers, you raise your IQ by just chatting with them, - good pay level, - awesome level of work dedication, - countless learning opportunities, technical challenges that are tackled on a daily basis are hard and fairly non-trivial, - hard-working people all over the place means that everyone is focused on delivering, therefore standard communication overhead and bureaucracy that is typical for big companies is almost not present (feels pretty much like a startup). Not a place for slackers - they won't survive even a week. You end up contributing much more than you ever thought you are capable of, which is a good feeling and builds up a great confidence level in your skills (at the price of getting quite exhausted though). - a good thing is that if you criticize against the work environment, no one will condemn you about it (aka there is no internal cult about Amazon), but will rather likely agree with you provided that you give some ideas for improvement - these are always very welcome, and if you are persistent and dedicated enough you can definitely have an impact, make a change, and this will be much appreciated, - people generally respect you a lot, I've never felt underappreciated and under-acknowledged even for a moment.
Credibility – clients view a Limited Company in a more positive light     Higher take-home pay – being paid in regular dividends means you pay less tax and take home more money     Lower personal risk – you are protected from the threat of personal financial loss due to the separation between you and the company     Better tax planning – you can benefit from tax savings thanks to the various tax planning opportunities available to you.
Competitive Salary, big company growing
Comfortable workspace, friendly and a cooperative team with diversed members across the world, infra structure of the work facility with recreation and leisure ares like XBOX room, indoor games room, Complimentary home-office-home cab services etc.
1. Good Salary and Hikes 2. Best Benefits - Cab , Internet Bill Reimbursement , Gym Bill etc 3. More scope for leaning and being creative 4. Easily recognized even by the top level management with you hardwork and smart work 5. Flexible Work Timings
Comfortable workspace, friendly and a cooperative team with diverse members across the world, the infrastructure of the work facility with recreation and leisure areas like XBOX room, indoor games room, Complimentary home-office-home cab services etc.
We can improve our skills.
Easy to relocate internally Competitive pay
Good working environment, hell lot of facilities
Had a wonderful learning experience.
Good progression opportunities in a fast-growing company. Also, excellent travelling and movement across different departments as it is a very large company.
Ability to progress within the company is unlimited (based on the skill sets you have)
select your own hours on the job
- Wage decent for work - Decent location
1) Good learning 2) Salary 3) End - End product development 4) Smart people
good salary,good incentives, team role, good friends,
Good perks,Good learning curve good place for freshers
Learn new things everyday and learn the e commerce world really well
They were many ways to move up in company but you must put in many hours of coding
No Pressure No Boss Employee Formalities No Sir,Mam Business 100 % FUN High Pay Compared to others
Analytical skills development, friendly environment, lot of opportunities since the moment you join the company, competitive salary and bonuses.
Challenging, good exposure to a high paced company and how it functions
- every day learn something new - lots of exciting things happening - data, lots of it - smart, kind and professional people
Work environment and facilities are good.
Engaging, motivating and fun.
Good Quality Work Ease to change role and team Good Compensation
I would like to work with full commitment, I want fixed weekend offs.
good environment to work for fresher
good working environment, good leadership principles. Focused in customer obsession.
Good career development and future opportunities
Good career development and future opportunities
I learnt state of art technologies while working for Supply chain management. It helped me in many ways in later stages.
Multiple and diversified Growth opportunities, Compensation plans and Incentives, Work Culture
Best salary / Perks benefits Opportunity to handle multiples projects Brand Name Cooperative leadership
Fixed work hours, Good place for graduates. It does feel like you are still in the college.
The best reasons to work here is in my country their is no amazon sells yet except for neighbor country like india and i promised I will bring more profit for the company.
* Nice place to learn lots of new stuff and actually "learn to learn" * People and managers WILL listen to you, its in Amazon's philosophy to "speak up" * Friendly staff * Scale is amazing, you will know how to deal with millions of hosts * Internal tools are great and easy to use * Mature oncall system, you will know what exactly to do in any situation
Great place to work with awesome policies which are employee friendly
The benefits are really great.
Great team support, employee friendly, no dress code.
Doesn't differentiate between Interns and full-time employees
1) A good marketplace. 2) Good for those who keep 'personal' relations with staffs.
Work environment is really good, No dress codes
Awesome place for workaholics. Always work is on a cutting edge technology. Its great to be part of the company which sets cloud revolution on fire.
None, other than you get paid... way BELOW average income.
I got Baidu, Amazon offer in 2016.09, because I want to transfer to Seattle in the future, I choose Amazon at last.
Amazon is a great place to work. Growth in this company is tremendous. Not many companies have such growth. I've worked in CS and trust me unless you're lousy there's no way you can't grow in this organization.
nice place to work for no job stress friendly management and always ready to help you out in problems nice pay and good perks
Challenging environment that pushes you out of your comfort zone Most of the people are smart, hard-working and true team players. Nice perks include transportation, subsided restaurant tickets, private healthcare. Free hot drinks in the office. Location. Short commutes, green surroundings and a friendly community of expats. Lots of opportunities to relocate if you are not happy with your role or simply want to try something new
Nothing that I can remember.
Nothing that I can remember.
Benefits, stock, pay, very little oversight. The place's pay scale and monetary benefits are outstanding....but at a cost!
Great place to start a carrier. Good atmosphere. No work preasure.
It has huge working environment with latest cutting edge technologies.
Employee friendly, Customer Obsession, Towards Leadership
good working environment, rotational shifts, allowances
Great work environment and ethics. Interesting days. Tons of new and original opportunities that allow for creating better things.
Relaxed setting in the office, 6 weeks leave, free coffee.
Woking with great people from wide range of industry not only tech but other area such as medical device and so on.
Good learning curve. Working with best minds of industry. Solving business problems. Leadership principles.
Sodexos, No dress Code , Approachable managers, Helpful Leads, Leaves , Good pay
As mentioned in the title , I have thoroughly enjoyed my time with amazon India. They have a very transparent culture based on the leadership principles ( google them ) and their focus on customers to build the business teaches you a lot. The amount of learning and the quality of work for me has been great but it depends on the team that you work for.
I fell working with this organistion has its Amazing in the Growth, empoyee benefit, Team work etc
Customer obsession, deliver results, great opportunities for networking and developing wide array of skill set fro professional development
Many opportunities to grow and learn.
great benefits and career opportunity.
This is one of the best places to work with . I have worked in amazon.com for two years in HYD , INDIA . It is the best launch for my career and beautiful environment to work . It has got amazing collegues and managers who are always there to support
Best place to work with..I loved amazon ..You people r the best...
great work culture learning I have enjoyed my time with amazon India. They have a very transparent culture based on the leadership principles ( google them ) and their focus on customers to build the business teaches you a lot. The amount of learning and the quality of work for me has been great but it depends on the team that you work for.
They have a nice work environment
Lively Challenging in the beginning Lots to learn Talented crowd Fun
-No other company will give you experience directly leading up to 500 people as quickly as Amazon will, and you will quickly become a leader of people by necessity.  -Its really interesting to learn what makes the engine of the beast that is Amazon fulfillment tick.  -Working here still looks extremely attractive on the CV, and can provide you with some interesting exit opportunities - even after just one year of employment.  -There is scope for quick advancement for EXCEPTIONALLY good performers (promotion to Sr. Ops Mgr within two years, GM within 2.5-4 years, regional director 4-5 years). The merely ‘good’ performers however will get stuck at SOM and have limited scope to advance beyond.  -Your sign on package will include a healthy amount of restricted stock units (RSUs) that can become very valuable later on if the stock price happens to double or triple - assuming you can stand to last long enough until they fully vest (4 years).  -You’ll deal with so many ridiculous situations and individuals that acing the behavioral interview for your next position after you leave Amazon will be no problem.  -While you’re in the Pathways program you’ll get to attend a week long Pathways conference in Seattle once a year, which is extremely informative, interesting, and actually a ton of fun.  -I’m not sure why you would be, but if you’re absolutely, 100% set on working within Operations within Amazon, the Pathways program is a million times better of an entry opportunity than coming in as an Area Manager or even standard Operations Manager.  -If for some reason you live, breathe, and die for the Amazon culture and the Amazon way you just might make it here and be an Amazon success.
Wide scope of work, independence
Culture, Self-Motivation, Internal Leadership development, Customer comes first, good for growth
Good work life balance, Work hard and party hard culture
Good work culture. Hire and Fire policy like Americans is evident. Professional attitude shown.
Good work culture and learning environment
There was a very good atmosphere and working conditions initially. Lot of new things to learn with very nice people to work with.
Amazon has evolving atmosphere with lot of things coming up. More challenges and more opportunities
First of all, before joining Amazon more than 2 years ago, I read reviews on Glassdoor which were not great (3.5/5) but I thought that I'd be stronger and that the bad things that I read would not happen to me. BIG MISTAKE as I have many times regretted my choice and if I had to do it again, I would have tried to join another business at Amazon, and certainly not unknown and new businesses like Amazon Tickets.  Pros: - Brand, one of the earth's most customer-centric companies (depending on businesses though) - shares, on a 4 year period though (very few vest in your first year, second year, then every 6 months) - constantly innovating, Prime is a really cool business to work for if you have the chance
Brand is good. Working technologies are good, a lot of people are very smart.
Fast pace changing environment, smart and professional individuals. Great platform to learn. The changing environment forces you to adjust to changes every day and you learn very quickly to have plans for all types of scenarios.
good to work and good benefits
Best place to work good work culture,people and no issue
Work culture is amazing. Fun and work at the same time.
the environment is amazing pay is great
great environment, smart people, responsibilities
Very good work culture Cab facility Food coupons
Opportunity to work in one of the largest environments
Good work culture. Not a stressful job.
Best place to work in and got to learn a lot.
It’s great to see you’re looking for challenges and changes within our culture.
Easy to learn work, chilled out environment
Competitive benefits, High cross-department exposure, Quality and effective management
Work Life Balance No Dress Code/Casual Office Culture Not so stressful work Two way cabs (Pickup and drop) Flexible timings Work from home option Can try for internal transfers without any restrictions Salary best in industry for Engineers and Testers
-Salary -Work environment -Company status -Free Green Tea
Opportunity to work in one of the largest environments
I like to face new challenges.
Get to learn a lot Many intern meetings and connects Possibility to convert internship to a full time job
Smart people, lots to learn, projects with high profiles
Laid back working environment, good opportunities to learn,
Great place to work You can learn a lot
Good , challenging, every day different
Equipment, environment, peers are all good
No other company provides a work culture like amazon lives up to the name
At least 40hours a week, sometimes more like 60+
cool, stress free, no dress code, can earn as much as you work
Good company to begin your career.
Exciting time to work here. Very talented group of individuals working hard to detonate e-commerce in Mexico.
Learning curve is very very steep , You will learn a lot
Learning curve is very very steep , You will learn a lot
current team is the Best Learning platform in TRMS. Skills can be improved to the best. Exposure across globe
best shopping company in india. people buy best product for using purpose.
No work Pressure, and you will find best co workers.
we will see us entering into a happy life with no stress
* Good facilities * Nice people * Good salary
Very good pay rate. Good incentives, lots of over time. Benefits include company stock and private medical insurance for employees, additional family members pay a little extra, special rate for children. Very attractive. Great conditions indoor, free tea and coffee throughout. Clean and very safety conscious. Great work ethics and fair culture for employees.
Lots of opportunities, chance to make an impact. Generally nice people to work with
Good Working Environment. Challenging projects. Open to new ideas. Everyone is passionate and will push you beyond your limits. Learning and applying cutting edge technologies.
fun work culture. great people. good role for a year or 2 to get experience. pretty flexible working hours.
High pay over all Meet a lot of interesting people Easy to get job Good for students
TRMS  Young Vibe.  Brand Name.  Can grow to the next level within an year if get along well with the management and the performance is above average.
- Opportunity to work on cool projects and initiatives with brilliant people all over the world - Plenty of opportunity for lateral move to other business units (see cons) - Strong work culture (read: Amazon Leadership Principles) means you can expect quality customer-obsessed works and ideas being worked on really quickly.
Awesome work culture, lots to learn, really passionate employees
Excellent work environment. Sports facilities and transport are additional perks.
Challenging work environment which helps hone not just the required skill sets but also soft skills. A lot of learning with intense work culture.
very good working place for fresher very good environment
Good exposure, Real time visible impact of individuals effort, flexibility
Good work culture n facilities
the overtime pay is okay
Mentorship programs were adequate, 10% discount on Amazon.com, international team and great work experience in growing/new data center cluster locations.
good experience and improve self leadership
good relationship, kind people. but localization is a problem. it's a good company but not good stratgy might be.
Big Companies like Amazon spend a lot of money and efforts to create the best work environment.
Good place for Start ups. Friendly environment. Most of the Managers will be friendly to their employees. Salary is good compared to BPOs'. Team outing is held for every 3 months.
Pay is ok, great pay if you work nights.  That's about it really, my opinion is completely based on my experience as a Christmas Temp picker so I can't say much about any schemes or pensions they do (if they have any).
Fun place to work. Fantastic support from management. Lots of growth opportunities.
Good company to start over your carreer.
Good teams, work with some of the best people in the industry. Good competitive pay.
I believe that amazon is the best market on online platform and from last one year I'm working in amazon in different fields like FC Warehouse Associate and as Delivery Boy in amazon.
Get to work with great people The challenges due to scale of things are interesting
-average fulfillment center-type job in multinational corporation
- Data Centric and Employee Friendly
Growth - Salary and positions wise International opportunities Culture Flat hierarchy Work from home
Good brand name Defined work hours
that's time is best company of word in online shopping.
Good salary, multiple opportunities to internally change jobs and geography, responsibility at very young age, rapid growth for high performers, stock options for all employees
Amazon Chennai is a great platform for someone to start their career. The management has a lot of stalwarts from whom you can learn a lot and growth is pretty good. I joined straight after my college and i knew i was in the right place as it took care of my transition perfectly
Excellent work culture that encourages you to strive for more. Support from peers and seniors. Rewards and recognition on every quarter.
Amazing, fast pace environment. Great colleagues to learn from and very efficient management.
1. Great work culture 2. Great learning and growth opportunities
Excellent environment to work as a fresher
Flexible working hours, smart colleagues
team lunch, team outing, flexible shifts and work life balance, work from home when any emergencies, could take breaks and complete the work at any time of the day
Nothing more than a better pay only if you work at nights
Working here you get a good salary.
There are a lot of smart people around, chance to work independently, nice salary and benefits.
Encouraging manager, interesting projects to work on
Good environment, vibrant teams, good leadership (though it depends on teams). You will have ample of learning opportunities in terms of process, leadership skills etc. Outing, transport, subsidized food are some of the perks you get working for amazon. It's also a very fast paced environment, if you don't cope up you will be shown the door one way or the other (It's what defines amazon, "work hard, have fun, make history")!.
- Cutting edge technologies to work with. - Smartest people you will ever find - Lots of learning. - High scaled systems with customer or business impact to work with. - Good tech equipment - Leadership Principles
Employee Friendly environment Good Exposure and Good Pay too
Best thing is anybody who wants to grow and start career in a booming industry,this is the best opportunity.
Really nice place to work at :) Enjoying every bit of it.
Its good to learn new technologies....
Culture, Information Sharing , Training and Employee engagement.  Relationship with the managers is good. Good interactions with different teams.
Positive Environment with opportunity to grow. Leadership is good and has an open and welcoming platform for the ones brave and willing enough to occupy at. Development and Growth not only offered professionally but also personally. I personally consider or see Amazon as a wrapped gift containing its own litlle yet large world filled with possibilities waiting to be discovered by the ones hungry enough.
Fast paced environment Smart people Good environment to work in
It's a IT giant with all the facilities within it.. It has a good working environment and have certain places to chill out. Mostly you will find great opportunities working there.
A ideal place to start your career life.
Extremely enjoyable experience from start to finish. Extremely thorough, tough and in depth experience with 5 interview stages. Started with a standard phone call, competency based. If successful, you sit a maths test (18 questions in 25 minutes or something along those lines) and some backround info. If successful, you're asked to do a 1 way interview on the computer, using the camera and microphone- 1 minute of preparation time for a question displayed, 3 minutes to record an answer. I was asked around 8 questions I think. If successful, you're invited to visit an Amazon location (fulfilment centre) for a full tour of the facility and an interview process. I was given 4 interviews with 4 different people of different rank, area and discipline within Amazon. Each interview was around 30-40 minutes in length, all competency based questions and some CV explaining. They let you go, and get back to you within 5-7 days. I was lucky and got a call the following day informing me they were impressed and offered me the job. I don't know many companies who are willing to provide someone with such a large salary, generous benefits and excellent optional extras. I'm looking forward to starting my new role within the month.
India's biggest online marketing and give a good responsibility of customer.
because Amazon is a well-known electronic marketplace and have had the opportunity to purchase and is safe
Good work culture , no restrictions , to grow in any kind of role they will help u out moving latrelly inside the company
Talented people, good working environment, straight forward leadership
A company where builder can build
Greate place to start your career. Extremely high pace of software development. Good ownership of projects
process oriented, great office ambience
Good place to explore yourself.
Work Culture is really great and so is Career Growth
Great company, very fast, pay well, many help from other people,big profesionality inside this comapy
Great company, very fast, pay well, many help from other people,big profesionality inside this comapy
Great work culture. Lots of roles and opportunities within the Organization.
money, flexibility are the two main pros of this company. It has achieved great feats and will achieve more.
Good exercise, average of 8-10km of walking. Actually shredded some fat. Learning curve you have time to overcome. Use this experience to boast about time management, productivity and adaptivity.
Flexibility of schedules Good work-life balance
Friendly behaviour by everyone especially managers, whole lot of fun stuff goes on in peak time form nov to jan. No work pressure for 6 months
give a good and friendly environment, greater learning opportunities, fun and enjoyment nature of emplyeees make the work to do with pleasure.
Lots of flexibility and freedom
Very strong company culture - 14 leadership principles
Amazon deals with large scale problems, so you get to see those first hand.
Excellent fast learning job with a couple of smart colleagues. The customer is always at the first place and all the activities done are focused on the customers' requests.
Global outlook Cross platform experience Lets us be very very vocal about any issue Global outlook Cross platform experience
No dress code at all, great view.
Good pay but thats about it,nothing more.
To gain valuable experience, it is one of the best place to be. The knowledge of the people at amazon is at a different level. Salary and bonuses are above average.
Great first entry into e commerce and tech world. Good team environment. Great progression for hard workers.
Amazon got very friendly and loving environment to work with. Managers, Leads , colleagues always there to help you out with your problem.
good team members and good facilities
1. Huge Visibility 2. A lot of opportunity. 3. Decent Salary in comparison to most of Indian Companies
Cab facility, Sodexo coupons, holidays
Lets us be very very vocal about any issue
amazing atmosphere. transparency at all levels
Shares, leave policies, work culture
Money is reasonable but not fantastic
Cool company&management. highly recommend. Everyone is happy to work there, though it is not an mnc or fortune 500
Good and friendly environment
lot to learn fun activities in training
4 days a week working, free water, free parking
good working place for all freshers.
Nice environment! I can use resources as much as I want, and almost all things of what I want to know are in the wiki. I can get so good experience with hard work. Also, people are so kind and have great personality.
Nice environment! I can use resources as much as I want, and almost all things of what I want to know are in the wiki. I can get so good experience with hard work. Also, people are so kind and have great personality.
Fast paced lots of opportunities to learn innovative
You learn a lot about amazon's leadership principles and how to gain the necessary skills to become one. You can find a lot of people from different backgrounds and cultures, and can easily make new friends.
Company is open to something new There is always challenges Smart people Innovative Easy access to new opportunities within the organization
best platform to work with
Amazon today is one of the most successful companies in the world because here you will be given the golden opportunity to learn. It might not be the happiest place to be in like most of the tech companies but if you want to learn new things, we cannot suggest a better place to you than Amazon.
Great culture and working environment. Working hard is recognized well.
Global outlook Cross platform experience Mentor ship Awesome teams to work with Ahead in technology
Environment will be exactly as per their saying "Work hard, have fun, make history" 1. Fun filled 2. More learning 3. Best culture 4. Nice place especially for starters
Open door environment, friendly team leaders and great mentors. Managers were also very helpful and the environment was very good to work under
Very good leadership experience and steep learning curve.
Awesome place to work Good one to start your career Nice people , worth it
Flexible timings , good work environment
Lots of work, lots of overtime.
team sprite is A+ 4 on 3 off weekly pay good salary
Good Infrastructure and facilities, good work environment which almost every company offers today.
Everybody are so cool to work with. Managers are Friendly Work Life Balance
awesome, good, clean, joyful and fun
Friendly environment. Your colleagues are supportive enough. Fun team outings. Transport facility provided is too good
very good company. salary is ok and benefit is not too bad. The RSU is really a superise as Amazon stock price is flying
Flexible work culture , flat organisation.
Good Work Culture Nothing Else is Good
Amazing Learning Experience and diverse intelligent crowd
Technology available Support to develop Easy to learn
honesty team work but not understood to senior person
Well known company .good working environment
1. Very good pay structure with very less deductibles. 2. Good transport as compared to other companies. 3. No dress code. 4. Eat and work simultaneously on your desk. 5. Very good work culture with good respect. People are friendly and help you so much in your work. 6. Awesome facility staff. Maintaining clean washrooms with tissue papers which other companies won't even keep tissue papers 7. Good amount of leaves. 8. Swap option for the shift.
Great ambient, very competitive and possibilities to learn a lot if you are open to it. Salary is competitive and they source great professionals.
Grt wrkn envrmnt and culture
Having Amazon.com in your Resume. That's about it!
Having Amazon.com in your Resume. That's about it!
Great culture Transport facilities Flexible timings ESOPS options
-Intern community was awesome -Work was interesting -Team was chill
good evnvironment ,slow progresss,depeds on you
Amazon as a company has a lot to offer in terms of learning, continuous improvement and leading edge programming. This was evident when visiting other fulfillment centres.
none at all I wouldn't recommend this place
- There are a lot of career opportunities for you. It depends on you to make use of the wonderful career opportunities there. - The culture is good, the work timings are flexible compared to other companies.
i want to gain experience and knowledge abt jobs . im so curious to learn new things and im flexible
Good pay, career opportunities, perks and team outings
- Great Brand - Opportunity to Travel - Data driven
You have to do a mandatory of 40 hours during the week. Work is very simple and very easy to learn.
Great mentors and culture. Good opportunities for learning. A lot of flexibility. They are genuinely interested in your growth.
Company has a magnific technology, industry largest market share by far.
awesome place to work,has diversifying culture,any one will be respected to give out their opinion, has lot of freedom to project self views.
work ethos, leadership principles, positive atmosphere
* challenges and scale that few other companies can meet
Working only 4 shifts, worldwide opportunities
Great people, great culture, great benefits, interesting tasks, thats all i can say
culture, career, company, history,
Relatively early and large scale of responsibilities, leading to a very steep learning curve. Significant amount of freedom to experiment.
Relatively early and large scale of responsibilities, leading to a very steep learning curve. Significant amount of freedom to experiment.
Stable, almost free food, big company
Good training , good start to get into China.
Management always try to make the environment fun to work.
Metric centric company and very data-minded. Loved the culture and how they apply it.
The work stress will be less
You will learn a lot and will be doing work on lot of technologies
Flexible hours and great people
well organized.helpful,free pick n drop. nice perks. night shift benifits
Firstly, the pay scale is comparatively high. There is a healthy competition within the teams which helps you get places.
Great challenges, brilliant co-workers, awesome tooling
Really friendly team, young team. Weekly drinks.
The pay is more than minimum range and increases after 3 months
Smart people, relaxed work environment, plenty of autonomy.
Ownership, Reward, Job Satisfaction, Flexibility,
Nice place Flexible time Good chance to get return offer
work culture, friendly atmosphere, pay
Goods surrounding and good pe ople
Very friendly management and one can have a little good corporate exposure by working in Amazon. Though in peak season work is more but it is fun.
- Knowledgable Colleagues - World class peer group - Working on the Latest technologies - Internal transfer possible between teams - Highly impactful work
Good team atmosphere , 40 hrs per week, people from differents cultures , very nice place to work.. I will recommend Amazon definitely.
Hours are good, and pay is OK
The provide absolute Autonomy and Empowerment
Competitive environment, lots of learning
- Knowledgable Colleagues - World class peer group - Working on the Latest technologies - Internal transfer possible between teams - Highly impactful work
meritocratic and data driven organisation
perfect work life balance environment
- Working with very smart people - Value employee initiative - Great leadership principles
good salary, cab option, chances to move to Seattle easily
Good Company To work at , So i decided to join this and i suggest you should also join
Good Company To work at , So i decided to join this and i suggest you should also join
Landing in the right team gives great kickstart on the challenges of running at scale. Leadership principles helps set a reference for employee standards
Smart people and nice environment
Good for freshers to know the work culture as it will help for future needs.
Work environment here is good .
Peace of mind working there
i like amazon so much and i want to work in the growth of the organization
Flexible timings,work from home
Good company , good culture
Good work life balance (Also depends on the team you are in). Opportunities to switch teams once in 2 years
Good work environment, Leave policy in regular days, Transport, Growth Scope
Good place to work in India. Nothing to complain on the work place. People around are very supportive in understanding the problems and solutions.
Good working Environment. Working with smart people
Lots of autonomy provided. Data-driven work culture. Great rewards for performance. Smart colleagues, most of whom are passionate about what they are doing.
-good pay(very good pay) -brand value -good campus
mix of Intelligent and not so great people good salary
A very big pros is salary. You can feel like they appreciate your hard work. You can work in nice and friendly surrounding as well.
If you are willing to work hard, Amazon will provide you with the right guidance and give you real projects to work on from day one. Their hiring level is high and getting higher with every promotion.
learning opportunity ample career growth opportunity
The best place to start your career.
The best place to start your career.
Tremendous opportunities to grow as a software engineer due to the global engineering top class talent pool available at ease. You can be rest assured to get to learn and best professional development opportunities.
Nice work environment. Good for new immigrants
Good on site facilities. Weekly feed back from agency. Good overtime rates of pay. If you are a permanent member of staff there are great benefits and share schemes etc
Excellent company to work for You work with the best people Career development is there if you are motivated The work is very interesting and the people are so knowledgeable and hard working.
It was good overall. Good work environment and helpful seniors. The food was good and work culture was really good.
no promotion even after hard work and good performance.
Flexible timings and ability to WFH. Good money. Opportunities to easily move within the company. Good learning opportunities and high level of ownership.
innovative inspiring marvelous outstanding and exciting company
freedom to directly interact with users. Everything is based on Leadership principles. You would start using in in day to day life also
Nice environnment for working, to learn new technology.
It gives great flexibility to work around the world without any restrictions. It gives you great environment to work.
good and the best for new freshers
Big brand, Big company, Goodies, outings
good infrastructure Nice work culture Good scope for self improvement
Amazing people to work with Many opportunities Work Life Balance Fun and challenging environment
The people were great. It could be a great place to learn about the industry. Provide good training up to a point.
Work with the best talent you can find
It'd day 1 everyday.you never get bored of your work and you get to learn a lot develop leadership skills
It's been 3 months I'm working with amazon the thing I feel good are, Best working environment. Good pay scale. Good growth opportunities.
Things move fast Given a lot of initiative Every team is its own master All the colleagues are super smart
Good place to learn and grow Great work culture Good work life balance Cool management
- good salary - intelligent people
Great quality devs Keen on quality Great scope for automation Good brand to have on your resume
Salary is good, and not much interference / guidance in working. As far as works get done on time. Location is good
Good work culture and employees with high career aspirations can find many growth opportunities. It also pays well compared other companies.
You meet some nice people in Amazon, and the training process is easy and laid back. There are few other pros.
Relatively high level of internal mobility
Great learning experience startup culture
The best reason is service is good so customers will be satisfied and complaints are nil so stress is nil
good place to work at.
You will work with the finest people in industry , you will learn things much faster than anywhere else, you will be valued employee , you will get product ownership. They will trust you as if you will be honored to your work
Good environment to work,opportunity to grow always there.
Challenging, lot of exposure, autonomy
Ongoing innovations Fast growing company Leadership principles challenging
Very geeky environment. Everyone needs to be hands on. Lot's of useful tools, possibility to work on OpenSource projects
excellent work culture, on time salaries, good bonus
you get one big name on your resume know how they work (whether you like it or hate it)
1.Free food coupons 2.Free transport 3.Good environment
Casual work culture, no time restriction just complete the work in given deadline, have amazing internal tools for you to work with, can learn a lot in very short time,
Great place to work....and a good opportunity to grow if you are well known in the organization
Open, Creative, data based, flat hierarchy, free coffee, smart staff, flexible working hours, WLAN in office for private use, good location with public transportation
Easy work, chilled out workplace, freedom to explore.
Excellent work culture, great people
Freedom to explore, highly motivated individuals, fast paced work culture. High standards of average intellect of colleagues which is fulfilling in the long run.
good work culture and compensation
Good work-life balance. Good pay packages.
One of best company in the world. Good Pay & Benefits Excellent Culture No Politics
good place to learn and improve as a professional
Good opportunity to work on scalable systems.
Good growth in all aspects
Best place to work, fun make history,
Good start for beginners, such as freshers and interns
* Great learning * Massive scale of operations
- Good salary compared to other companies in town - Fast-pace work environment
The environment is crazy. It feels so homely in here.
Location, huge potential for development and carrier growth.
Lots to learn, working with /for extremely smart people. You need to push yourself really hard to deal with the constant pressure cooker situation. Good brand name to have on your CV.
Never dull, constantly challenging, lots of opportunities to progress
shares / salary 4 days on 3 days off
Great 2 week training at the start. Friendly staff. Good facilities. Very facilitating  Pay is decent @11€ an hour basic an once you go over 40 hours its 16.50 and over 50 hours is 22 euros so if you smash out a 77 hour week like I do every second week you come out quite handsomely.  You get your roaster 1 month in advance so you can plan out your appointments and what not...
Lots to learn, working with /for extremely smart people. You need to push yourself really hard to deal with the constant pressure cooker situation. Good brand name to have on your CV.
one of the best e commerece companies in india.
Entrepreneurial culture, highly talented folks to work with
1. good work environment 2.good package for a non technical 3.good perks
Nice company to work for. Ample Opportunities.
good environment to work here
Canteen food was okay at lunchtime. Some colleagues were good people to be around.
Money is good, initially. But if you stick around for more than two years, your salary actually reduces because the joining bonus component is missing.
Informal Organization High growth opportunity Good Salary Good Extras Free work flow Interesting work No hierarchy No dress code Lively work floor Good transport
- good working environment - structured organization/hierarchy - free transport to work place for l3 employees - fun activities during peak
Nice Peers, New challenges every day, Inspiring People, Interesting company, Amazon discount 10%, feedback culture.
free work enviroment. and young employee crowd
We learn a lot, on methodology and being concise and efficient business wise
I had good experience through amazone... They deliver products too fast n original
A lot of smart colleagues from whom you can learn a lot Pretty good work/life balance if you are efficient at what you do Exposure to exciting ideas and opportunities (if Amazon decides to invest in your area/projects) Amazingly talented people at the very senior level
- New technologies - Flexible Timing - Good atmosphere
Great workplace, plenty of scope for innovation and growth, emphasis on leadership principles
great Work culture. Good facilities. and comfortable shifts
good environment , opportunity to learn
Nice to work, Compensation and benefits are good
- Peers are very smart - "Leadership Principles" are good guidelines - There's an atmosphere of "getting things done"
Salary Transportation facilities Good career growth
Company shows full confidence in employees Dynamically changing industry High impact job Firm believer in its principles
Great working environment and colleagues are very friendly.
It was great, fast paced, lots of learning
Customer focused culture. Teams full of energy
Chance to be a part of one of the biggest organization and understand how data plays a very critical role in the company
Endless opportunities to develop one's career, skills whilst discovering different countries
Good working environment and love the culture within the company. Supports taking ownership and the company does not believe in the traditional approach of hierarchy. Promotions are based on performance.
Good company Employee friendly and good career growth.
Customer service orriented. Great place to work at.
Great company Great benefits Tedious work Low Pay compared to their profitability Disappointing that they have the opportunity to be so much more, however it is next to impossible to be able to move up within the company as a Baby Boomer
Well to be honest this is a great company to work it because you can get it from home and plus its a all time all around the word best seller market theres is so its a great pleasure here
Environment Culture Timings Shifts Development
Overall its a best company for the environment , work culture and flat hierarchy. Personally one should be lucky to have a manager who is 100% following the Amazon's policy, and you are screwed if the Manager bends the rule as he/she wish (Though, this happens with most of the Organizations in INDIA even though they are world-class, blame is on the people not the Company) same applies for AMAZON.
The recruitment process was fairly easy, called today and interviewed at the beginning of next week. Not a mentally stressful job, if you're a hard worker and move quickly you'll get along just fine. The colleagues were friendly and the atmosphere was good.
possibility to know a lot of hardware
good salary and promotions . learning environment
The management is fun. You can grow professionally very swiftly if you play the right cards. So many different teams to work with. You socialize with a lot of cool people.
The management is fun. You can grow professionally very swiftly if you play the right cards. So many different teams to work with. You socialize with a lot of cool people.
great environment awesome policies for employers very friendly staff
One of the best working environments I had ever been. No work pressure
Working at amazon is Fun. people are great.
learn a lot about the web tech
1) A lot to learn 2) High Bar 3) White paper writing
Very dynamic work environment,Safety is culture .Very supportive management .
- Good place to learn work culture - Generally get to have fun - Great company to have on your CV - Managers encourage initiatives
Great Culture Lots of opportunities
good atmosphere , work flow , great enviroment , great colleagues and management
1.Best growth 2.Managers are employer friendly 3.Work environment is awesome
You'll have fast growth in this organisation. This the best thing.
Amazon has a ver good work culture
Good would recommend everyone to work
Ownership Smart folks to work with Challenging work assignments
Good support system - People will help anything regarding work & infrastructure is of first class. Friendly environment
good salary,great work culture,office,events,good food
Great place to work with lovely environment
Amazon really is a great place to work in general, the media don't portray it quite as it is. Good salaries, good opportunities and never a dull moment. What I liked was that in general, it is a very forward thinking company and open to all ideas to ensure processes are managed and profitability is improved.
Easy Job, Most process withing TRMS expect you to learn an SOP and adhere to it, better the adherence better will be your metrics.  Lots of opportunities for doing OVERTIME, Overtime corresponds into 2 hours of extra hourly pay paid twice the normal hourly pay. one can do a maximum of 20 hours of overtime a week roughly 80 hours a month. This corresponds into some of the investigators making almost 2 times their monthly pay a month.
Good work. Challenging. Great environment Blah blah blah
Relocation package, stock options, multi cultural
Amazon has a very good work culture. Everybody's ideas are encouraged and a lot of growth opportunities available.
employee and customer centric, helpful amenities and growth too
Good work environment, Free and good Food for lunch ,you can relax between office hours and nice compensation.
great work environment with a dynamic work force
Amazon is ambitious and willing to take risks in business, that allows its employees to have a real impact through their work. It is a challenging environment to work with with lots of responsibilities given, that is a chance to learn, develop skills and get experience, but it does require you to work hard.
Fast paced environment,Steep learning curve
I got an opportunity to innovate on my own unlike other companies where being dictated by other people on what to do.
Good learning environment Challenging Everything you could expect from top companies like amazon
A lot of opportunities to grow, learn and meet some of the best folks in the industry. Innovation is almost in every corner and a lot of opportunities to improve the company and your professional skills.
Career growth is really fast here Environment is very lively
great place to work for, an amazing salary, great tech guys who are a pleasure to work with, plenty of benifits
transparent hierarchical structure, no stress, 2 days off , plus government & public holidays.
i think it is good in my experience
As Amazon is developing organization the more opportunities of good career.
Good pay, great benefits, exceptional growth potential, job isn't difficult(see cons).
Nice place to work in
Great salary , talented colleagues . Great company! Amazing perks , and its like heaven on earth :) A dream job!
Big money Good software developers I guess the cons are more than the pros.
good exp. a lot of thing to learn. good money
Good environment and very good place to work and learn the things rapidaly
Great Facilities Great Pay Great Work Culture
much money is made in short time
Work Culture and the concept of trying to be the MC3 company.
Brand Name, Big clients, Facilities
A bit mess with regard the organization
very good salary & nice environment
Great team , work culture is simply awesome, Targets and motivation
Great place to work. Lot of learnings
start up culture. good working environment.
Good place to chill out
Talented co workers. Fantastic and fair processes.
Good place for overall growth.
Great for trying out new things. Management is very keen on delivering results and are not rigid in the method of achieving it.  Since the emphasis is on delivering results, you will naturally build the inclination to look out for solution-oriented approach.
Amazon is the best online site and the best way to online shopping. The products of Amazon is well checked before packing.
flexible working environment respect each other Career opportuinities
Diverse workforce Opportunity to try new ideas
1. Flexible work atmosphere. 2. Always something new to learn. 3. Every employees idea was taken into consideration when a meeting was held.
Smart people and good environment. Much better now that they have moved into central London, though it was controversial at the time.
Smart people and good environment. Much better now that they have moved into central London, though it was controversial at the time.
Peers are very strong Learning curve is awesome Great engineering practices Good benefits
- Competitive Salary - Very good colleagues - Flexible work hours and option to work remotely - 360 Feedback
it is best place to work and wok life is balanced all should chose to work here .it is pleased to work with these people and very good compant
* Flexible and comport place to work * Less Work pleasure * Awesome and classy co-workers
It is a well paid job for relatively easy tasks. The shifts are great though and the payment is fantastic for an unskilled job.
Everything in company will be in a organized way which includes admin, transport, food, leave policy, cab, wfh at times.
Many opportunities Company stock price is exploding
Approachable Managers Flat organization Good perks
A Good place to work
Good work life balance Awesome Perks
Best Company to work with:  Good Salary. Employee Satisfaction. Open door policy. No dress code.
Good work environment and stress free office.The chances of growth are very high compared to other mncs
Good compensation Good opportunity to rise
Nice experience and exposure at the job
Training thus sqeezed to minimum time Plenty of opportunoties for peole enjoying office politics Nice new programs providing good opportunities when they start
awesome work culture. decent growth oppurtunities
Great Learning Environment. Exposure to latest technologies.
Great work life balance, we get time for yourself. Get to learn a lot from and established firm like amazon.
work enviromment is supportive and all the ppl are very friendly as well as support staff. no issues at all.
Nothing to share as pros for this company. I wouldn't recommend to join this company if you are joining L4 and below
It is best platform for everyone.It is biggest company
Freedom to make changes to processes Encouraged to innovate Strong Culture Young Leadership Fun
You will learn every day in a incredible speed. You will be challenged every day as if are you SAT
mnc so a lot of oppertunity. good enviornment to work
Best place to work with and nothing else can be satisfying that to work with Amazon.com. Long way to go with Amazon.com
no dress code friendly managers love working here
Good work environment, No formal wear , Flexible work timings, Very helpful management Good pay-scale, Enormous job oppurtunities
Fast pace culture, good nature of job
Growing organization, great innovations, talented people
nice office free snacks huge new monitors lots of smart and helpful colleges can learn a lot
Amazon is always best because of its ethics, culture and value towards each and every employee
Private healthcare, Private Dental car
Providing sodexo, night shift allowance and cab facility for employess
Great company, they give you a lot of incentives.
Fast pace culture, good nature of job
None, you get used, abused and then tossed to the side which is why there's high staff turnover
Great experience and work environment, lot of things to do and to learn. Opportunities to improve the processes and to work with major companies.
good facilities , nice place to work , Nice incentives , good colleagues
Gives lot of exposure about corporate world.
Lot of interesting projects "Get on with it" culture
Number of leaves 50 per year excluding Saturday and Sunday 15 Annul leaves Carry forward able 1100 rupees for Sodexo coupon monthly Overtime payment per hour Weedend double payment No dress code Pick and drop in Ac car Less work and easy targets
I used to work for the company as a associate I have applied for area manager, then I have been informed that I'm on tier one so I won't be able to become a manager I'm sorry to say that but according to my experience in the company, I have figured out this company is a bad company I have seen I'm my life, what ashamed
cannot find anything for Pros.
Fun and good hours. It provided me with good flexibility as well
+ challenging job, never gets boring, plenty of opportunities to learn and grow + amazing people you work with + friendly atmosphere + systematic approach to problems + possible to switch teams + nice office, bunch of events outside of working hours
Fast paced, choice of teams to work, merit based culture
If you are looking for an experience along with salary, Amazon is the best
Best workplace environment to work in !! If you have the right potential you can grow at a rapid speed in Amazon Best facilities provided to the employees
Encouraging Team and very good work culture and ethics
Encouraging Team and very good work culture and ethics
Great vibe, Employee centered, great place to develop leadership skills. Great place to independent projects. Performance driven, Great place to have a peek behind an almost perfect supply chain business.
good work culture , work with smart people, nice perks
Customer centric mainly . works towards customers.
friendly environment, multi cultural, equal opportunity for everyone
EU vendor support and stake holder management
Competent co-workers Nice office Well looked after
Will be working in a good environment
Really nice work-culture. Amazon is friendly place. With better work-life ballance, i can imagine that i would work there for many years.
Great work culture, can learn a lot, no micro management, training provided to improve your efficiency, etc
Ownership over exciting projects Competitive salary Learn a lot Work with fantastic, smart people
1) good work culture 2) good benefits 3) you great to work with some of the best managers and engineers at high levels. 4) The support and help you get from your team mates are exceptional.
Excellent work culture for employees
Good, nice environment, freshers love to start their career here. Helps to grow as an individual and learn more. So I recommend Amazon.
Good process flow and decent appraisal system
-no dress code. -starting salary good for freshers.
A pleasant place to work.
Too good work culture and environment
-Team -Proactive culture -Freedom to do projects when performing well -International work envirnoment
good working environment and support
Opportunities Ownership at work Freedom to move around in teams
great environment to work in
Good Working Environment,lot of freedom in work,improvisation skills are developed
- Smart people - I've learned many things over the two years being with the company - Strong engineering culture
Part of a huge, well known and well respected company, with a great reputation. Once you have experience from Amazon, people trust you a lot more.
high learning curve high independent
Good work culture good at atmosphere nice office very scenery place best place to work for every thing is near by
Fresher salary is good compared to others
nice place to work. awesome work culture.
You will never get bored at Amazon! Great shift patterns mean you have a brilliant 3 day weekend. The people are incredible, you will make friends for life here from across the globe. Challenging work that keeps you interested, huge opportunity and scope to learn loads. Great benefits. Fantastic company culture that suits the ambitious and driven.
high learning curve high independent
Good to learn the work and gain knowledge
best mnc best facility good offyc good support well built office
Very stimulating, flexible and kinda fun. Would recommend.
1. Can learn a lot in few teams 2. Good salary and stocks
Good management, ownership, bias for action
This review is for Amazon Customer Service Pune.  Its a new site less than a year old, growing so there are lot of challenges and growth opportunities.  This is not a positive for Amazon CS Pune, its for the people of Pune and nearby areas which account for majority of associates who work in Amazon CS Pune. Associates are awesome fun loving and behave like close knit families.  The only positive is you get gifts during festivals. Operation managers take you to Restaurants for Lunch and Dinners after important training or meetings. This happens in every other company.
Definitely one of the most data-driven companies in the world and decisions are all made based on solid data support. Generally it supports new ideas though it requires a lot lot lot of data to support. And you can learn a lot about the every aspects of the business - supply chain, service provider, A/B test, payment process etc. You name it. It's an environment that you can learn a lot. Tons of internal transfer opportunities across functions. Your line manager cannot refuse the internal transfer request once you pass the probation period and the new manager accept your request. They can only hold you on your original role for up to 6 weeks.
Great international company with international workers. Salaries a pretty good. Flexible hours and HR is helpful for lots of things
nice working atmosphere Good facilities salary is also good your feedback is taken Good HR support
Gives insight into the scale of operations, how to build products quickly at scale and the brightest set of engineers to work with.
Company is quite good and there is a lot of growth within the organization.
Nice culture where you will love to work
Amazing Work Culture & amazing salaries for everyone
You will get bored here. With the amount of training, the fast pace of the company, and how easy internal transfers are, you will always have something to stimulate your brain. In a lot of other tech giants, you will end up using half of your energy on 'visibility', meaning making sure your n+2 and n+3 know you, and sometimes doing projects just for the sake of it, but of no real added value for the company This is almost entirely not true here, of course you need to get exposure, but then again this is the most data driven company i have ever been at. If your project sucks, then people will automatically see during the weekly review. Also, i find people to be more humble than back in Google, even though they are also extremely smart. Part of this is coming from the 'have backbone' leadership principle. People will disagree a lot with you, just to make sure your decisions are backed by data.
Have fun work had make history
Being a software developer, you get to be a part of an elite tech community. There are a lot of things going on internally that you can use to grow your knowledge and skills. This is the only thing I liked over here. However, you may not get much time for these things.
Nice environment, work is hard, lots of challenges but it is fun.
Dynamic company, that is flat, innovative, you get stocks, flexible,
Pretty fast paced company to work. I always felt like I was doing something and thought th experience was really eye opening.
Friendly work environment and helpful colleagues.
Fun to work at a fast paced environment.
Good facilities, cab facility is good
The best company which takes care of its employees. It always tries to provide better, safe and healthy environment to the employees.
Some teams management is very bad
Smart Colleague to with and Good Culture
Excellent office, facilities and benefits. Not a take-home job unless you want to stand out. Extremely sociable colleagues, most are recent graduates.
it is great company for working here
Work friendly environment, working in a team, employer friendly.
Friendly people with a can do attitude. Driven and commercial
Money for over time , cab and food service
Friendly people with a can do attitude. Driven and commercial
Opportunity, growth, fun, social, fast-paced
Nice work place, nice pay, no dress code
this big company and have agood name on market
Competitive Environment Great scope for learning and growing
Excellent culture.  Get to learn a lot.
The work place, ambience, co workers,the company all are good in all ways.
Pay is decent. Above £8 an hour
Culture. Fast paced, innovative, quick to deliver, metrics based. Great scale, awesome problems. Good pay. Great place to work and have fun.
Best salary in all software companies.
Exciting fast paced environment with many automation and strict policies
Nice environment , positive approach , can do overtime and earn extra
Free transportation to the facilities. Good chances to be on the spotlight. Open dress code.
great work environment. opportunity to enter into the HR department.
Work Hard, this not a place for settlers things move at very fast pace.
Good pay, very flexible options to explore various opportunities and get to learn inside out about the business
u could see smiling faces all over the work place
Lot of business knowledge to gain
Sophisticated tech stack. Lots of opportunities to learn
Very smart and intelligent colleagues Cutting edge technologies Great learning opportunities - world class best practices Internal movements - opportunities to move to locations like US / Europe
1. Get to write and read a lot of great code. Inside and out side your team. 2. Peer reviews keep you updated and improve your quality. 3. Lots of importance given to reasoning of issues than fixing them. 4. Work keeps you in the middle of an F1 track. We get to own it from dev to production.
Cutting edge work each and every day at Amazon. Great people too.
Very good on-boarding training for new Cloud Support Engineers.Very good global relocation policy.AWS is the biggest cloud infrastructure company and you get to work with some of the biggest companies/customers in the world.You will get to work on almost all type of technologies as a part of cloud support team.
work culture, facilities, diverse set of people and good bonus
Good experience after a long time
Best Environment, No dress code, Amazing, Best policies
first round was jam session.if we have confident while jam session.definetly will qualify for second round
Great enviorment to work and enjoy and good place to start your career with it and learn the new things.
Feel at home ambiance, no work pressure, enthusiastic and goal oriented management
Great team members. Great office. Good benefits and compensation.
-Good learning opportunity and growth -Strong brand name -Really smart people to work with.
Abundant opportunities for growth and benefits.
Good work culture. Great leaves and accommodation facilities, Very well paid, Very well treated company. This is the place for people who are looking for new things, new innovations.
1. Tremendous amount of ownership - you find a problem and want to fix it, by all means go ahead - no one will say hey that's not your job! 2. Extremely fast paced - a multi billion dollar company growing at such a fast pace - there is always enough and more to do. you have to draw your own boundaries else the work is so exciting that it can suck you in. 3. Rapid career progression - for folks who do well (top tier performers), there is plentiful opportunity for rapid career advancement. The company is growing so fast that it needs all the leaders it can get - so top performers can grow very rapidly with the company. 4. The 14 Amazon leadership principles is not just something we put on the wall, it is something we live every day by, people are evaluated on these and any amazonian who has spent more than 2-3 years in the company begins to speak a language embedded with leadership principles. This is really cool - you do what you say and you say what you do!
Working with the latest technologies. Working in small teams of really smart people. Lot of transparency in reviews and promotions.
Nice work environment (only SDE related)
It is good company to work for in Bangalore , but the bonus only comes in year 3 and year 4.
good stipend, good facilities,brand value,great compensation,network and support cuture
great CEO, very much customer focused. career opportunities. just stick 5 years with amazon and youll land somewhere.
It is a good environment ,we will get many benefits in amazon
Great environment. Good culture. Good management.
Training provided on the job.
Relatively low pressure, working hours flexibility, working from home available sometimes
+ Always busy, never bored + Lots of opportunity to move into new areas + Lots of talented colleagues to learn from + Still a growing company with a good outlook
Clear responsibility and good compensation
Excellent work culture and Brand Name is a plus.
Mandatory over time, Standing for hours
Great work culture and a great place to work
Cab facility available in major cities Sodexo Food coupons Better management and flow of work is moderate
Great place to learn new technologies and customer facing skills.
Yeah I think there's loads of perks
Work with amazing tools. Have lots of flexibility. Can work on all sorts of problems because the company is so big. Surprisingly good work hours.
Strong company culture and it's reinforcement Strong leaders and managers Benefits Strong learning culture Customer orientation in .com and back end team but can't comment on .in business
Great energy at all times, a real team spirit and togetherness in everything we did. A very fun place to work which made it very attractive, always things going on. When deadlines were met it was a real sense of achievement.
Got started in Amazon.cn due to H1B visa lottery.  Lots to learn. Such as How Amazon runs, how amazon keeps the best people. Nice colleagues.
Good Place to work,learn and go ahead with career
awesome place to work, we can gain good experience here
- Great pay and benefits, generally well above the market level - You can learn a lot - People are very friendly and cheerful, makes a good atmosphere
Brand Value, Learning Experience, Collaborative work environment, Scope to grow, Professionalism
Innovative and fast place, full of talented fellows to work with
flexible work schedule, good place to start a career
Salary. Free cab. Flexible shifts.
Good Place to work,learn and go ahead with career
- Great pay and benefits, generally well above the market level - You can learn a lot - People are very friendly and cheerful, makes a good atmosphere
employee benefit, learning new thing
Good place to work and good atmosphere
Everyone I work with is super smart. There isn't any dead wood and it's not because people get fired, it's because they hire good people.
Great learning curve Good team mates
Great people, well training program
Flexibility in Timings with the work from home option.
Focused workforce Hardworking & Good colleagues
Great brand and lots of opportunities.
Decent hourly rate & holidays
Cant think of any if Im honest
I had an employee there till 2014 March...great work culture and get motivated from seniors
Structured environment. Smart folks. Challenging environment. Books down to your manager and I have been lucky to havw a good one.
Amazon is the ideal place for workaholics. You will get great work, with significant impact. All teams are small, and every employee has a high level of responsibility (compared to other companies of this size.) You will also have great careers growth opportunities if you can keep up the pace. All in all, it's a good place for ambitious (usually young) people to start their careers.
Nice Flexible work Shifts and A Fun working Experience. Staffs are Cool and We are Happy to have fun and work at a leisurely pace.
good learning platform, growing organization. skip level. good managers. young crowed.
Focussed workforce Hardworking and smart colleagues
You will work with some of the smartest people in the industry and get a chance to make a difference in the world's leading retailer and web services provider. You will be challenged like never before. They live by their leadership values. Although they are sometimes in conflict (for exanple, Bias for Action can compete with Earn Trust), this is a company that practices what they preach.
Beautiful Toronto office, spectacular window views, truly intelligent staff, great growth perspective, exciting projects to work on, respectful compensation, opportunities to travel the world (Amazon is everywhere), working from home is acceptable.
Great wotk culture, hard work recognised, constant performance driven
There is good money to be made with an abundance of work. You can really boost your earnings during this time. They do give free drinks, which is great.
Good salary, Professional environment, Amazon stocks
Best Salary and incentives allowances over time pay etc
- Very diverse environment. Everyone gets along fairly well.
My team at Swansea was good - they were kind and fun loving. Always willing to help,and you knew exactly what was expected.
Brilliant experience for interns, of course you need to work full-time, but it's worth
I love that you can wear what you want. The environment is very energetic and fast-paced. Your co-workers are the best of the best, and you feel like you are making an impact on a global scale.
The pay was good. it wsnt really streesful getting the job unlike other jobs such as sales advisro,customer assistant,supervosor
easy to keep job if you want
The pay - although having said that, if you leave before two years (which is a VERY long time) you will have to repay your sign on bonus.
Get to work on New Technology, as a developer you can take ownership from scratch and make the product up and running. developers are key resources of Amazon. Shares are given if you are key performer.
Mostly use your native language
Great place to work. You have your freedom to choose any topic and work on your own project. Wonderful extra curricular activities. Fun team. Like minded people. Focused workforce Hardworking & Good colleagues
flexible hours, over time paid, working from home
Got cab facility everyday Got monthly sodexo's for Rs.1100
Very good company to work for freshers
The people have possitive attitude and they do hire and develop the best people possible (although this has changed in the past year). If you are on the right departments, growth is easy.
time-managing & get further with work as a driver- experience,lots of places Only.
flexible timing, work culture, transportation facility, team outings, best company to work with.
salary is good stock is good
Ample of Opportunities Lot of Responsibilities
Good work place Has lot of growth
Customer Obsession and thinking out of box to help customer.
Work is more challenging here than similar roles in other companies. Flat hierarchy not too many processes to follow. Place to learn.
Great Culture. Positive Environment. Good Growth Opportunities.
Depends a lot on team. Very agile and high paced environment. Very good if you want to make work your life otherwise even though they say 5 hours a day its not really that
Depends a lot on team. Very agile and high paced environment. Very good if you want to make work your life otherwise even though they say 5 hours a day its not really that
Steep learning curve. cross functional work
Loads of Opportunities and perks
Open, innovative, work with an outstanding team and talent
great team and bunch of real smart people. The best is team work and people are self driven
great place to work.employee friendly company with good benifits.very supportive management
1) Goal Oriented 2) Management 3) Mentors 4) Targets 5) Career path
Excellent technologies and good infra-structure.
Management is always helpful and understanding.
awesome culture and fun filled environment
Work Culture, freedom at workplace
Quality of Project Pay is good Clarity of Goals Promotions
Opportunities to learn Multiple training opportunities Great people Challenging Negotiating
The name of the company is important and looks great on your cv. Well paid. Your decisions are respected
Great working place! The Amazonian culture is amazing!!! The incentives and the people are great
You can learn a lot working with talented people
You'll work with some of the smartest people within the industry.
Great place to work, take on challenges, work with really great smart people and learn so much so fast. The shares are great
Innovation, exciting, never ending, good learning opportunity, develops self learning
challenging, career growth, fun, intellectually stimulating
friendly environment ,good work atmosphere
1. Good work-life balance 2. Interesting work (depends upon you if you love to talk and interact with customers) 3. Friendly colleagues and seniors
big company, good environment,flexible work pace, formal process, you can do things on your own mind and find opportunities to get achievement.
Great working environment. The business growth offers new challenges and opportunities every day. Amazon culture promotes the changment and exchange of ideas, it really gives to the employees the opportunity to impact the business
Good work culture Best place to start your career You will meet very talented people to learn things Incentive to employee Good colleagues Pay is good for beginners
Good pay compared to other companies. Free transporation. Allowances. you will enjoy working if your manager is good.
No dress code. Learn new things. Managers are very friendly
1) Work is good. 2) You will learn a lot. (At the cost of your personal life! )
Good company to work in freedom is given....but targets always had to achieve
Fast paced and huge amount of regular change. Lots of possibility to move into new roles and increase experience Large amount of very intelligent capable people
Development towards carrier carrier growth affects Environment to work in is awesome Atmosphere to sit is good People with are good to wor Boss being genuine
Lots of learning, lots of exposure,
Its customer obsession, data driven culture, ambiguity and bias for action, and a lot more
Highly dynamic environment, fast-paced growth opportunities, vast learning avenues, employee -friendly benefits, excellent peer group.
nice knowledgeable colleagues, hard working
Free Cab Good Pay Night Shift Sodexos Available Good Crowd
good relationship with management high ownership of your own brands big impact on the business good visibility with other countries as well
Work Culture is really good
you will get good handful amount of salary. company follows proper software development processes. Good perks. Big Brand.
nice place to work. You will get life time friends.
Good growth and decent money
Global opportunities transitioning into different roles is easy
Flexible timings and better facilities at work.
Good Pay Awesome Team Tons of goodies Heatlthcare and paid holidays
Amazon has a set of incredibly smart people working on some of the coolest problems out there  It is an amazing place to learn, and if you are willing to sacrifice your life for your project you can make a change
I'll always look back at Amazon as the best three years in my career, filled with the most learning. Smart people, sky high expectations. Don't expect an easy desk jobs.
1.Best work culture 2.Lot of leaves 3.Inspiring leaders in every team
Good pay ad working environment
Stocks and salary is the best in the industry
One of the best places to work in India. Good support provided by the leadership team to promote talent.
Good salary, cab facility..also food coupons and transport..also watchman after 6pm drop..
Feels like home, friendly environment. Loads to learn. Nice pay. Transparency.
Amazon Business is best in the industry, Great salary and Infrastructure!
good to work with xpath Sql & Excel
working since the day one so enjoying my job
Good workplace Almost all superiors are friendly and try to help you in any matter Average salary
Best Work Culture to work
In house cherry picker training
This is a Smart, innovative, data-driven company with young and bright people. Colleagues are nice and warm. Marketplace is a huge start-up with many things to develop and low hierarchical weight.
Working at AWS is definitely challenging. Every day you learn something you, you learn to move quickly, to adapt, to raise the bar in all situations, to focus and give 300%. You will definitely leave the company with a different view and energy.
Cab facilities Sodexo Quarterly team outings Monthly competition RnR Post peak party
Great colleagues, huge office, convenient hours
Great company to work with. Fun at work. Growth
Amazon is a place where a lot of technologies exists at your disposal to help you accomplish your jobs. You will have the opportunity to invent things that will operate at an amazing scale
great place to work, great people, great management, fantastic fun fast paced work.
Good environment to work. Learning opportunities varies from team to team. Transport facility.
Fantastic atmosphere, feels good to work at Amazon, given freedom to work at any shifts, and over times! Also performance based incentives and bonus !
Its really good and it's really good and its really good and ya I'd love to work there sometime in my lifetime
Structured organization Performance Bright Ideas Good performance
Enough opportunities to learn, Technology driven company, Focus on Customer. A lot of work gets done
Dynamic environment, full of changes, Amazon is keen to implement new technologies
Nice company good to work
Good and easy but little bit pressure. Can be done if looking for a career in management and handling people and customer support.
its the eco friendly company for all employees
Culture environment Work Timing Colleagues Positivity Exploring new roles Food A lot of space
Good Place to work in
Amazon hires talented people. If you're lucky, you may work on interesting technology. Good customer facing policies.
A Good Brand Has Smart People Has Good Office Has Good Lunch
Great place to work, smart coworkers, fun problems
Descent package and benefits Stock options Good place to learn Easy to move to USA
There are some smart people here who you get to learn a lot from.
Good learning:you will meet very talented people to learn from
Flexibility is great. Work is very challenging. Lots to learn
No dress code, over time bonus and night shift bonus and sodexo coupons, all of this only on the basis of 12th class certificte
Good culture, lively environment, Multiple growth opportunities
Great infrastructure in terms of technology. Best minds in industries. You can switch your current team anytime you want. Various verticals in which you can work.
Good salary Gainable knowledge Interaction with tech team
Smile, safety, quality, reputation, future
The company has great work culture. The employees can have good work life balance. There is freedom to move internally within roles both nationally as well as internationally. The company has good brand value and the experience here is valued across industry.
Well known name. Can be a fun company to work for. Nice people.
Amazon has a very unique culture which can sometimes be intimidated for people who do not fit the corporate principles but for others it may be a perfect fit. Definitely a company that will do anything to please customers and constantly invent.
Great work environment. Room for improvement. Freedom to implement new ideas.
Every step u take into amazon. its awesome
great place to work at the working environment is really gud and lots of growth opportunities are also available
Very good working environment
Great learning Infectious work culture Great people to work with
Great atmosphere at the company, always making me feel like family
Friendly environment. You can learn a lot
Excelent enviroment to improve your work status, it will teach you so many great things
Work culture is good .There's no dress code.It will be enjoyable in the beginning Easy to work with
Amazon pay a good salary. The benefits are good compared to many other companies. In Cork, they are willing to let you work from home, although I'm not sure that the real reason behind that is in not simply that there is never enough room on the floor onsite due to continual expansion of the associate teams…
only good with talking,not with giving compensation,
The people make it a great place to work. They have high standards when it comes to recruitment so you'll find that colleagues are generally very good at their jobs. Salary and health care offered is competitive and they offer great career prospects.
The leadership team is very experienced and have graduated from top IIMS and IITs, so much to learn working under them, WORK HARD, HAVE FUN, MAKE HISTORY is the motto and AMAZON stands by that, no dress code, cool work culture, no stress, lots of internal job postings encouraging to grow in the company and above average to good compensation are the main pros.
better work balance good work environment
The much spoken Amazon work culture is something to look forward to if you are joining amazon.
Work environment and work life balance
1) Opportunity to work on Cutting edge Technologies. 2) Good exposure of dev work especially for freshers. 3) Growth options are very good. 4) Management encourages innovation and rewards aptly.
Good brand value to get you a good career jump
Great Location, Relatively good Salary although Dublin is expensive. Very interesting Technologies , AWS do everything New Management have greatly improved things. Fast pace environment.
Professional organization with focus on Customer needs. Aggressive, fast and customer centric company.Good technology & infrastructure.
Good Leadership Model & Innovative in it's thinking.
easy to get job opportunities.
Very good company. Cab ,dinner facilities are provided. Good extra pay
great place to work  friendly environment
There is a lot to learn
Amazon prides itself on having a high bar for its interviews and new-joinees. The general idea is that each new hire needs to be better than 50% of people currently filling the role. This means that there are some really smart people that you work with (not 100% of them, as the company is huge, the bar ... 'droops' occasionally).  I'm with sales at AWS, it is a great place to build a fantastic network. Everyone wants to talk to us and its easy to meet the people you want to meet. You get exposed to certain opportunities and networks due to the Amazon brand name.  The pay is pretty good (can always be higher obviously but nothing to complain about).  Work life balance is what you make of it. AWS is a silo, so we don't see a lot of other Amazon teams, but i definitely haven't had an experience like in the NY times article - i do 9-5 or 9-6 most days and i'm one of the top performers on my team.
work environment, commitment towards customers.
Good workplace. Competitive environment. Good benefits like sodexo meal passes per month. Health insurance for family members even for just a minimal charge. Free AC cabs. Quarterly outings. Health club reimbursement, Internet reimbursement. Good taxation relaxation guidelines. Strong leadership team.
Good culture. Nice ambience. Competitive environment.
If you want to work with international people from different cultures and backgrounds, the best place to work.  Some people are amazing and have potential to become great friends!
Nice place to work, mostly you would not even think that you are working in an office. Mostly you feel like home No high work pressure, Comfortable targets and expectations. Highly recommended for married or unmarried women.
1-Free wifi ...fb you tube movie download all allowed.No one wilol stop you from exploring ur knowledge via internet. 2-Pick up and drop 3-Landline Phone 4-Any issues with any can ..... trust me ur voice will be heard 5-Skip levels meeting allowed 6-39Days of leave....No one will say no to your leave 7-Can change team as per ur wish
I enjoyed my job while I worked there as I was a picker.
You can experience the best work environment ,everyone in the office maintain friendly relations with each other. At the same time you can learn a lot .
Good salary, provides transportation to the employees, infrastructure and facilities at the office are good, good tech support for your laptop.
shares, fun, people, salary, back to education benefit
Very smart people working so this push you to be the best you...
Coolest company that i ever saw, you get the freedom, luxuries and all.Your work is all that matters here.
This is an organization which gives good facilities to the employees. Though the amount to work to to is high there will not be work pressure in the company. Shifts are flexible.
Nice place to work. You can learn more if you want
Good company to work with. Good for those who want to get into amazon and want to move to your area of interest.
Coolest company that i ever saw, you get the freedom, luxuries and all.Your work is all that matters here.
Awesome work culture in Hyderabad Growth is amazing in Hyderabad
Best environment to work here no politics kind things u can freely work and enjoy
work quality, growth, salary, peers
- challenging and intense environment.
Fast paced environment, you can learn a lot
1. There is no time or place of work boundaries. 2. In Amazon levels does not matter what matters is the quality of work. 3. Higher management is approachable.
1.Excellent work culture and work-life balance. 2.A great platform for transforming a man to a professional. 3.A lot of training opportunities for beginners.
Some soft skills and self management to learn here. Some projects are interesting and some managers are nice to work with. In the end it's a bit of luck what you work on
Amazon is a Employee friendly company
Great work environment. leave policy is employee friendly
flexible work timings and a good office
It is a great work culture, with good work life balance.
Amazon is a very employee friendly place, it is very flexible and the best thing about Amazon is it tries to understand the Employee's morals and values. Amazon also provides good incentives to their employees to keep them motivated. And not to forget, at Amazon employees can wear whatever they want to work which is great!
Exciting, cloud pioneer, good management,parties, travel
Salary, Peers, Peers, Commute, Hello
Lots to learn and opportunties
working for amazon is fantastic - you are working in an entrepreneurial environment which pushes you to think outside the box as well as gives you the opportunity to grow in your career
Cool place to work.. Can use phones and have fun while working only if you get a good and sensible team lead and manager
Salary, Peers, Peers, Commute, Hello
friendly environment, proper and fairness management, career opportunities
You can experiment lot of things and u have chance to discuss directly with your managers for any inputs even with business teams
Great Culture! There are great mentorship programs and a lot of opportunities to learn. It is a fast paced culture and keeps you on your toes.
Awesome work culture No pressure / good managers Flexible work timings
Empowered, appreciated and a place you can really make a difference. Amazon is an amazing place to work.
Good Work WFH options Flexible timings Lot of opportunities Chance to go to Seattle if stayed for long time Change of role and job family is quite flexible
You will get to face almost everything you were looking for, technical exposure, customer feedback, fast pace
Get to know many talented people
Lots of things to learn.
great place to work, friendly colleagues, training and development opportunities available without discrimination and open access to resources
Working for a Best Place to Work isn’t only going to keep you satisfied, but it can boost your career as well.
Awesome work environment. Approachable leadership.
good informal work culture. No dress code. High Brand value
Big platform. Amazing products.
People around you are very friendly. Better Salary and Perks.
Great company, great colleagues, great culture to work with
Culture, Pay, Infrastructure, shifts, and fun activities
Worked under a great manager. Good ambiance. Great colleagues. Limited workload. Limited restrictions.
Worked under a great manager. Good ambiance. Great colleagues. Limited workload. Limited restrictions.
Good place to work for
You work with brilliant people, and the latest and greatest in infrastructure. The job will challenge you and you will grow.
good atmosphere in the office
Steep learning curve. Fast paced environment. Great brand value in the Indian market.
Easy work for a relatively high salary
Some very select people are doing some good work out there.
1. Great learning experience - great teammates, almost everyone is uber talented and hungry 2. Flexible work hours - myriad of work from home opportunities and more 3. Great compensation packages 4. Growing company and in-company opportunities are very high
I find that this is a really good place to work, good salary, very smart people. I really think the office has improved a lot in Toronto
Great work environment, fast paced, hard working and perfect for learning and developing your skills.
Growth Learning options Easy shift to other job roles
Informal environment, some good facilities in the office such as bike garage and showers, the salary is ok. Can be a good place to start.
Work Environment and culture is good.
great place to work great minds great opportunities wfh
Irrespective of team, department, all comes under one umbrella of Amazon's leadership principles. Those who can walk, talk, breath, practice and preach these principles at work can have a great career path. 1. You can explore any open source technology based on your area of interest (depends on how you manage and take time out from your project tasks) 2. You get to know large scale systems that supports Amazon. You are lucky if you get to build one of them.
Good Working environment. Flexible working hours(depends on yr manager) Some teams have very good problems to solve. High salary package. Good for freshers.
Smart people to work with. Oppertunity to change within BLR or in US if you do not like the org. Growth is good.
Good young crowd Western culture Good rewards and extra income
Growth opportunity, enviroment, medical, association
Amazing work Culture. Enjoy your work along with a lot of fun activities. Friendly Managers and Team Leaders
Good work culture and friendly environment
Because it is a large companii. With professional people and serios
good work environment, has scope of growth.
Good work environment, Independence to learn on own
Great people to learn from and innovation on products.
It has excellent flexibility and possibility of growth. Fast growing, pet friendly company
Good team members Great infrastructure and learning resources
Directly facing customer requirements, good for training the analytical and critical thinking skills
+ learning opportunities + certain autonomy to complete tasks + work with smart & diligent people
Great work environment and atmosphere. Nice co-workers, excellent manager, overall a nice work experience
Good learning experience Great work culture
Great people, good environment. Much to learn.
Flexibility, Innovative, good work culture
Impeccable branding Helps you think scale
Good Work Environment and Decent Package
Picking order for customer and packing them
Good people, great team, flexible working
* Endlessly challenging and varied work across multiple domains * Get to work with up-to-date technology stack, use the best tools for the job * Super-high hiring bar means working with some of the very best engineers * Supportive company, pro-actively promotes a healthy work/life balance * Internally very open and direct communication structure * Decent salary, certainly competitive, and good benefits
Strong management style and very profitable company worth 250 billion dollars and still expanding in planet earth and they are most centric customer service company on earth
- Great develop during the first months
good work culture, healthy environment
A good place to begin your career with. But, yes you need to move out quickly or move up the ladder because as time goes by this job will make you a couch potato.
-Competitive salary - If you are incredibly driven you can force exposure to very senior leadership - Great potential role for people that enjoy sales - Opportunity to be exposed to some extremely talented people
1) Freedom 2) work space 3) well established managment
Only environment and facilities like cab etc are good others are total waste
Amazon is a fast-paced and innovative place to work. You have to be self-motivated as it is not a culture where you are thanked for hard work or for going above and beyond.
Looks good on a CV. You learn a lot. In fact there is a common joke amongst employees that Amazon years are like dog years: one year of working at Amazon is like 7 years anywhere else.
1. Get to learn a lot when you are a new grad. 2. Brand name.
- In my team we do important work for the company, so we feel valuable.  - It's all about getting things done.
Good experience. learned lot as an intern there for three months.
Good career growth, lots of opportunities to learn new technologies, good pay
Good talent in engineering team. People are from top institutions
Best place to work with amazing talented ppl.
Great people, you will learn a lot, the team environment is amazing, great brand
You can learn a lot of new things, and how to work at scale Full of smart people to work with Really friendly environment
Friendly environment awesome people around
Amazon is a good company to work.
a job only if you are desperate
some very nice people to work with, rarely any conflicts, the teams are strong and work together well, teams very competitive making work enjoyable
Lots of opportunities internally to work on various technologies
+ Highly challenging + Ownership + Freedom to choose technology to propose and implement + Strong Year end review process + Idea and white paper driven culture. No PPTs
used to be great and had great environment and now it has a call center feeling .
+I was paid on a steady basis.  +I received stock.  +I received benefits, including a 401K.  +I received unimpressive tuition reimbursement.  +A meager associate discount.
Great place to work with. Fun environment. Good cab facility. Food tokens are provided to all the employees
Reached Expectations. If you're looking for a good to be around worplace.
Salary best in industry & goods facility for imploye
A lot to learn, a lot to improve, flat hierarchies, motivated team.
Lots of new learning, new projects innovation and opportunities to try things out and backing if they succeed or fail. Lot of people to learn from and take advice.
Good pay with facilities and Shares
Dynamic environment Working with smart people - which motivates you Learn a lot, new skills
Really smart and friendly colleagues Flexible working hours
If you don't have any development experience there can be a lot to be gained. Compensation is ok for new developers, but not so much for more experienced ones.
* Challenging work atmosphere * Blue-chip company - Great to have it on your CV * Compensation at par with best in industry
Very good learning experience
Easy interview for anyone with good aptitude and good communication skills Cab Facility Good Pay Fun environment to work in Sudexo coupons Overtime payment
* Employee kept happy with regular team building and fun activities * AC Home to office transport provided * Growth path & expectations (goals) are provided * Good system (policies) in place
Opportunities. Scale. Resources. Colleagues. Getting to "play" with the biggest systems in the world. Career development.
Salary and stock is attractive if you work more than 4 years.
Friendly work environment. Paid overtime. Transport facility. Fun activities in between work.
Amazon is great place to work if you are creative your new ideas are heard if your ideas are genuine you are provided resources to fullfill them.
- Pay - Perks & benefits
Work that impacts millions everyday Get to work with great minds in the right team Good for people passionate about their job
Helpful People and Free beverages.
fabulous amazing atmosphere sodexo for food cab facilities
nice place to work ,,you have nice work and life balance
Smart workforce, liberal HR policy, flexi timing
its a very employee friendly company
Good work life balance Lots of fun activities if you're interested in dance and other activities
Great company. Fast-paced. Lots of opportunities for growth.
everything is good over her
Friendly work environment. Paid overtime. Transport facility. Fun activities in between work.
Amazon is great place to work if you are creative your new ideas are heard if your ideas are genuine you are provided resources to fullfill them.
Good technical exposure and industry best practices
Best work environment, Best culture
Good salary, You get to learn a lot, people are insisting on high standards. No time restrictions, just do your work, everyone will be happy.
There is positive chaos at all times. There are always some new challenges you face, each day, each minute. There is a huge focus on innovation, employees have the freedom to incorporate new changes, new process improvements. Best part- loads of talent around you as well that will make you grow as a professional.
You happen to be part of a profound vision, and you get to work on products that impact millions of users. Most of the people that I met were self motivated to work which really boosts up the environment of the place.
Good pay, other benefits are good, office located in a very good location. The office environment is very relaxed.
competitive enviroment, good growth, great culture
Great working over Christmas so busy a fun but always professional. Good friend staff to work alongside with and good safe environment
I really enjoyed working for u it inspired me what I can achieve Ith met a lot of friends and I just want to say thank u for keeping me going
Good company to work for.
The work culture, indipendency of working was preety good in amazon, the employees are very friendy and help each other in tasks in their busy schedule. Leave system in amazon is preety amazing.
Highly motivated environment. Smart people.
Great place to work. You have your freedom to choose any topic and work on your own project. Wonderful extra curricular activities. Fun team. Like minded people.
Very less positiveness to talk about. Forget about Work life balance. There is no personal life once you join Amazon.
A good place to work if you are a dynamic and proactive person. Initiative is highly apreciated.
- Hard problems to solve - Great peers - Great growth potential - Startup like team culture with individual projects
Fast-pace company, lots of Jobs opportunities
Good pay Good facilities in general, food may suck though.
Good money but only if you do lot of overtimes. Free coffee.
Work environment is great apart from a good salary and compensations
I found this place to be a good and a great job in what i did do there for a while.
Smart people around you! Lots of options to learn Freedom of technologies and development process to use Good hardware! Good insurance and bonuses!
- Cool Work culture - Youngsters all around and energetic environment - Mid year and quick promotions based on your performance - Lots of fun activities - OverTime Payment - Good CDP
Offer really good pay
I work here because i need the money but the agencies are crap and they are threating us like slaves
pay, work colleagues, I enjoy working there
Good Work and play environment.
Amazing experience, high energy, great collogues, lot of learning. In one word great! Highly recommend, it's an amazing company
Too flexible and comfartable Would like to work again becauae they help with the job and the missions that u need to accomplish
Everything was good. Benefits are much more
It's all about the leadership principles.  Amazon is a company that lives by its principles. As a prospective employee, that means that if you believe in the principles, and want to learn how to apply these to every situation, and how to balance them, and how to keep raising the bar on them every week, Amazon is the place for you.  Come for the pace, the scale, the impact, and the opportunity - but most of all, come for the principles.
Health insurance, shares every year. There is a chance to receive a bonus monthly. 5 weeks paid holidays. Clock off time ,)
dynamic and fast moving company
Good wages. I like thay everyone works as a team and are friendly and make you feel welcome.
You can grow in the company with benefits
I like the work I do... In general there's a lot of things to learn from my work. Here we develop to think logically and analytically. That helps me to sharpen my skills and knowledge.
Friendly team mates. It it is the best work environment which I heard of and it has some advandages.
Cutting Edge Technology Work with the best Good atmosphere in general despite fierce competition
Amazon is the best place to work for and I will be willing to work
Leadership principles, adhered to in most situations Complete ownership, lot of learning
good friendly nature in working
Good Paymaster and a good place to grow
Office environment is very casual, so people enjoy working apart from the amazing office space
You can avail Work from home options. Company leave policy is so awesome. 12 Casual 12 sick and 15 days of Annual leaves
Nice work culture,good environment and purely performance based incentives.There is free transportation and the salary is quite satisfactory.
Interesting work, good place to learn
- one of the biggest environment to work for - good place to get your initial experience
very dynamic you learn a lot and developp new skills
very dynamic you learn a lot and developp new skills
GoodWork place. facilities. Aura. Food. World Trade center
* talented people to work with. * technically sound
Very good ambience, good canteen facilities, nice campus and lot of cars to drop you home.
Work culture is good and exposure through new projects gives a great experience to learn new things along with trainings for growing professionals.
Working for amazon means that one works in a very customer focused and fast paced environment. Due to the ongoing growth I have had to adapt to change quickly
Love to work here worth the world calls infrastructure that have, they conduct employee recreation initiative programs very often, lot of benifits .
Good Work Culture , Lot to learn in Vertical Domain
It is one of the best companies to work if you are looking for a software job,
Very helpful and intelligent people around. Got a very nice project to work on. Flexible timings. Ownership of work.
great payment and overtime shift available many opportunities to be promoted
Awesome work place and Culture. Once your in, you will not feel like going out.
Peculiar company: use data to drive decisions at an unobserved level in any other company.
Fantastic work culture, friendly people.
Challenging Work environment. Huge opportunity for growth. Good compensation. Excellent work culture.
Good salary. Bit boring but satisfactory. There are also lots of people to talk to. The job is also easy enough.
- Open culture - Provides opportunities to employees for grwoth - competitive salary
Good perks from day one lots of good pople
Fast paced company that allows you to work from home and make your schedule. You just have to meet your goals and deliver results. The management trusts your work.
Great project scope, hardly anything you do aims small. Super talented teams, expect to be working with expert. Great freedom of action and a lot of learn by doing! Loads of in-house opportunities.
Good working environment and received proper training in the first four weeks. I got the choice to work on different project and met a lot of new people. Overall, good experience.
Ok money, paid introduction, free soft drinks, subsidised cateen
Great place to work - Amazon.in. High recognition
Met amazing people during my years. You are surrounded by very smart people and some good friends (including my managers)
-Great product -Flexible working hours -Autonomy in working -The culture depends a lot on the team you are a part of. Amazon is huge and it does not have a single culture across teams, departments locations. your experience will completely depend on which team and manager you land up with.
Friendship, solidarity within workforce,attitude and knowing we provide a great service
You are allowed to bring your ideas to the table. You are given an opportunity to showcase your talent and grow. It is always Day 1
-Average money -Great colleagues (excluding management)
Very dynamic environment, you learn a lot Many smart and driven people Great leadership principles, you can disagree with your superiors and it won't count against you Interesting problems to work on and you can have an impact early on
Nice work and good colleagues
- fast growing - many other opportunities
+ Reasonable Pay + Interesting work + No shortage of work + Work with some clever people
Getting to build stuff that people use and love, everything you build is huge, considerable freedom to solve problems, working with super smart people, people like amazon.
good culture, good work life balance, free cab facility
You get a lot of exposure. Flexible timings. Best place to explore. NO pressures. No stress. Employee friendly.
I thing it's a great company to work in!
They take a very good care of their employees be it the transport, food, work environment and even the best opportunities for future employment could be explored in the company
One can balance professional and personal life both. Employee friendly organization.
Great place to work, very flexible and highly talented mind to work with and learn new things. People respect ideas and suggestion
friendly environment gut starting wage,the cafeteria tries offering a variety of options.But they sell no fruits.when walking 15+k per day you really need live foods.
Its good for the money
Best place to work and learn
Technology, workplace, knowledge, compensation, culture, fun
lot to learn everyday, interesting mix of customer service, legal/administrative job
Good pension scheme, a good team of Co workers, meeting interesting people
people are very bright. play around with cutting-edge tech access to senior tech
The wage is given on time, serious job
Super smart people and constant drive to do more. Your learn a lot and be part of exciting growth and opportunity to really make a difference.
The working environment at Amazon is very nice and they have a good canteen.
Great place to work at! Amazingly good crowd!
Great place to work at! Amazingly good crowd!
Wonderful Workplace with great allowance on Leaves and Exceptions. Cool workplace as far as work ,attire,discipline and behavior is concerned.
Quick and Easy to learn the job, free coffee, met new friends through work colleagues, good pay
Amazing growth opportunity in the company
Good place to work on
Learn how to run a business. Some good people.
It's a job you get paid but not much else not anything nice to say about the place
Good quality work environment in india
Good company .. atmosphere is good
Ownership - Wherever you are in the hierarchy you have projects to own and drive. If you like challenges then Amazon challenges you by allowing you to own projects and deliver them. It is especially very good if you plan on building a strong set of experiences.  Leadership principles - Leadership principles drive Amazon's culture and they are very well crafted. Adhering to them has made Amazon what it is today and hence the leadership principles are worth a praise  Impact - Each problem you solve here has a definite impact at the ground level (to the customer). You improve a process, you create a system, you innovate and deliver... whatever you do it drives productivity and customer satisfaction. That is one big plus of your work here. You can see the impact you create right away in a few days to weeks time. No other place will help you with such awesomeness.  Customer interaction - Many companies shield their employees from the customers. Only a specific set of people are allowed such contact. Whereas Amazon trusts you and puts you in direct touch with customers.  Interesting problems to solve & Learning - There are a huge number of interesting problems to solve in Amazon. In this process you learn a lot in a very short span of time. That is one big plus.  Career growth - You work hard then you grow fast. Promos are not time based (in general) and are heavily performance driven. If you want to learn, solve interesting problems and make an impact then Amazon is the place to be in
great environment ... many things to learn... i jst started working there for last 6 months.. great life
Good opportunities if you want to change teams/roles
Good culture. Not much stress.
Fast paced development. Great development tools, access to principal engineers and other senior engineers one can learn from.
Great work environment, nice coworkers and technical experience.
Good Pay above the average
Work culture is cool, salary is nice
Good job role for people planning for their career into MBA in operations or business analytics
Proactive and excellent team. Constant learning.
Its online saying and it very accurate to work from home
Its online saying and it very accurate to work from home
Flexible timing. Work life balance. Work from home option
Plenty of travel if that's what you're after also lots of opportunities in terms of moving jobs etc. Good pace to the work.
There are many company Perks. Cab facilities 24/7, Free Tea/Coffee, Many Leaves. Festival Gifts.
Great place to work. A very cool culture. Work pressure is not that much. Time to explore and learn new technologies.
Great Company to work with
Pay is great, the name of the company is obviously better. You could get into teams which are hectic round the year or having a burst of stretches and better times.
development ,salary, greate benfits for every employers good opportunity discount on amazon pension and medical insurances and everything else is greate. Building is very very nice
I get to work with some of the brightest people in the world, which is a truly amazing experience. Being surrounded by this much talent really helps you to lift your own game. I also get to build software that is used by (very large number) of software developers around the world, and which impacts >1 billion of their users. That's just insane.
Better facilities, better pay, transport
Good Work Life.. You are surrounded by some of the smartest engineers in the world, so you learn a lot..
- Work from home. - Free transport - People (young)
easy work and good pay
Good work culture Good amenities to employees Fast paced environment
-> Encourages taking ownership and working on multiple projects -> Very competitive peer group -> Lots of learning experience and opportunities to work in multiple teams
Very interesting and dynamic place to work, some of the people who work there are truly impressive and everyone seems to be pulling in the same direction.
Overall a good first experience in a professional environment, providing equal opportunity to express ourselves. The work environment is modern and young with many useful resources at our disposal. Management staff are friendly and supportive.
Flexibility of working hours Chilled out people
There is no solid reason for working at this company.
global company, many people working from all over the world. some good parties
many opportunities available in amazon
Good work culture and healthy environment
good place and people to work with
Very organized environment for someone to work, colleagues helps you quickly adapt, good education and managers who know very well their work.
Good environment for career development
Great learning opportunity. Challenging and exciting work.
Exciting environment, fast paced and very result driven. Working with very smart people and always raising the bar in term of standards and goals to reach. People are recruited with a lot of attention and company invests a lot on the long term.
Good environment, lot of learning opportunities,
Great brand, Excellent learning opportunity. Exposure is linked to the individual and is pretty good.
Amazon makes me feel fresh and happy every minute from the day I joined. Amazon has a joyous ambiance that makes you work as well as have fun.
1. Good Learning opportunities, depends upon the team you join. 2. Works on scale 3. Good Salary.
Work with an absolutely fantastic team of talented hard working people. Genuinely fun place to work.
got fitter lost weight good rates of pay
good work culture.challenges.constructive feedback. friendly senior staff. transparency.
* Interesting job, * Good atmosphere at work * Smart people in the team, willing to support, * Fair shifts planning.
You get to work with awesome people
really good.the atmosphere is really stressfree.all the people aare really good and friendly.
The staff were amazing and very very friendly. When I started I did not know what to do. It was a great pleasure
It is a best platefhorm to earn the money by showing its adds on your website
- Very aggressive work culture - Lots of learning and development avenues - Slightly better pay than market - Very open and transparent culture about internal job transfers (including international) - The 14 leadership principles are well thought out and applicable in all aspects of life - Awesome internal tools for automating trivial tasks
Flexible working hours. Promotions etc
really good.the atmosphere is really stressfree.all the people aare really good and friendly.
You find an open minded, diverse culture
The only pros is the total compensation pay
Fast delivery service and great products always arrive in good condition, you can make a shopping list, easy payment process,
Love the way company is streamlined Any major or minor work issues are resolved quickly My first company never wanted to leave it Benefits and compensations love them' Strong determination for the operations
Fast paced environment with a lot of change and responsibility and opportunity to travel if you are interested in that.
Love the way company is streamlined Any major or minor work issues are resolved quickly My first company never wanted to leave it Benefits and compensations love them' Strong determination for the operations
there arnt much good things but few! :Good salary : nice exposure
Good colleagues, good work atmosphere
Good company for freshers who have just passed out from college
Meeting new people and gaining new skills in different ares of the warehouse
Easy easy easy good exercise
flexible, paid vacation, sick leave
Good Work Experience Best Facility, Good teamwork, good work environment
Its a growing company. They are trying to do everything. They have a strong vision of what they are trying to do. Free coffee and tea.
Worklife balance, great management, great perks
Great environment. Cool benefits. Best place to hangout during festivals. Fun activities.
- Learning opportunities for everyone, doesnt matter what level are you hired at - Talented engineers around you, easy to do teamwork - If you want to thrive and grow, no one will stop you at Amazon
cultures good.. .... ...... ......... ....
cultures good.. .... ...... ......... ....
Great company, loved the principals and ethics of all the people and the drive to innovate daily
I got into bad team but many teams are good. good working environment and people.
Westernised work culture Ample space for food Sports and other events Freshers feel comfortable Open feedbacks goven Cab facility Good place for women Flexible for leaves
You'll work with great people and learn a lot. You will be expected to hold yourself to high standards. The company is large and you can move about/change your role to keep challenging yourself (but when you get into a role, you are expected to stay in it for 1-2 years before moving again). The company is a market leader and the quality of most functions is really high. Despite lots of work and the fast pace, there are enough get togethers/parties/celebrations.
Work environment is nice. Work life balanced.
Fixed shifts, 31 vacation days per year, shares, full medical coverage, pension contributions
You get autonomy to work on anything you like. You get to work with some of the best minds in industry
Great work culture. Good lateral growth but upward growth takes time.
Great people, attention to details
Amazon e-commerce company gives 2 days off
high salary good experience one of the mos important companies in the world good atmosphere with the rest of the employees
Opportunity to serve Overtime welcome Wide scope of learning about customer service
Free coffee Free coffee Free Cofeee
lots of friendly staff and long breaks
- amazing people to work with - meritocracy - things move quite fast
Amazinibgly smart people and lots of interesting problems to solve
Very easy to get this job making it easy starting point in IT if you had no previous IT experience
Relaxed work culture, opportunities to learn and grow.
The company teaches you very well, gives a great work experience
Thought that it was a fun and easy job environment to get into as well as being very straight forward and easy to comprehend.
Great work and extremely smart and motivated peers
The principles of the company are not just words on the wall, they really do form the basis of everything you do - and your success is measured against them.  The business is fast-paced and roles can be undefined. That means you get exposure to a lot that you wouldn't in a more stagnant company. It's great if you're curious and want to learn or don't have a clear idea of where you want your career to go.
Fast moving, loads to learn and it's impossible to stagnate in a role - if you do, you're doing something wrong. Lots of really bright people to learn from, very open about career development and internal opportunities.
Good Work-Personal Life balance, Good Scope
good opportunities, fast pace dynamic company
A lot of time to yourself
Infinite:) 1) Very friendly environment and excellent 2) Good pay, bonuses( Rewards) and loads of fun in between. 3) Growth perspective is healthy at various positions.
- Innovative company - Good stock options
We will be busy at the office almost all the time. We will learn a lot about tools.
Good Money, really big step to be callen from other companies, a jump in your CV
- competitive salary - nice benefits
Can't think of anything actually. You learn nothing, they call themselves 'World's most customer centric organization' but do not understand how customer service actually works. Have policies they don't abide by. Hiring of poor talent at Associate and Manager level. 70% don't know how to communicate properly, even write business emails. Highly unorganized and unprofessional! You may like it if you joined as a fresher because you were never exposed to the corporate world.
a lot of opened positions, for young people, attractive salary
Some teams have good work
Technical challenges Working with smart people Toronto has smaller office than Seattle
none, i dont think there are any
It was alright, I like working there but its a little stressful sometimes
Free of mind. Easy shifts,good working atmosphere
Good place to start up your career, many expert in different region, all over the world. Interesting jobs are waiting for you.
you can have your own working style
they have great products and colleagues. all their offices are in nice locations. you will get a lot of support when ramping up
among other qualifications I worked as (picker, packer) but was ignored this fact very bad
work life balance . many more to come..
Opportunity to self-learn Great processes Fast-paced Really strong people to learn from Strong brand name
AWS is a fantastic org to work for, full of top talent looking to make a dent in the universe.
Amazon has great culture. People are smart there and down to earth. You can learn a lot.
Fast moving, so many areas of improvements, great future for the company. It is a great experience but you can t last.
Nobody stops you from innovating. Very less politics.
1) Learning 2) Great minds 3) Freedom to work on new projects
the frendsship AND the benefits
good place to work and very helpful people when needed in the work place . good canteen , customer service . good rate of pay .
Very good working environment and friendly
Good company tenants. Great diversity of talented people. Possibility to advance and or change roles within company.
Day one benefits for direct hires. Constant feedback on a job well done leads to an environment and culture of positive re-enforcement.
Challenging job, big responsibilities, visibility, nice pay, fast-track growth, really good and casual culture, open door policy, supportive management, loads of learnings
Great People, Great training opportunities
Handsome Salary, Perks, Stock options, Good work culture, Great place to learn for freshers.
Good environment, takes care of the employee. Feels a good place to learn and do what you like.
Good rate of pay and some co-workers are really nice and helpful also some of the line mangers are nice and helpful
Good pay rate, no heavy lifting, neat and clean work place
Good team spirit, skilled and intelligent people, environment is changing incredibly fast
Unique environment, lots of new ideas and very tech heavy. Learn a lot. Very smart colleagues. Recently cool offices.
Overtime always available for workers. Colleagues are great and company is responsive
Easy job good for weight loss due to the amount of walking Good pay for a job that does not require much thought
great working conditions wonderful place
will have nice opportunity to learn new technologies. flexibility in work
Dynamic, open culture, plenty of opportunities.
Nice working environment, the leader and colleague are nice.
Nice compensation Good environment to work Fast paced builds and deployments Chance to move to any other location without any hindrance
Cab service, sodexo, no limits to attire, no limited breaks, no major monitoring, fun rooms, leaves and audience
Nice office Knowledgeable teams in the US Better than average pay
Good work environment. Advance projects. No discrimination between an intern and full time employee. Home office home cab facility is super awesome. Ownership of your work.
1. Working environment is like home away from home 2. Loads of fun @ work 3. A place to learn 4. No mental pressure 5. Friendly environment
Working on impactful projects that are focused on the customer and long term business thinking of taking over the world.
1. Good for individuals who join Amazon right after their studies. 2. Salary
Lots of learning curve within the company.
Great place to work if you want to progress, very multi-cultural and fast paced environment, a lot to learn.
Have a lot to learn. Many domains to choose from. You can work here for long term.
Salary and development. 1. Increased Sales  The chief draw of selling on marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay is the scale of their online presence. Amazon alone draws nearly 85 million unique monthly visitors - that’s a heck of a lot of eyeballs! And those eyeballs can translate into higher sales volumes. According to an Amazon executive, sellers report an average 50% increase in sales when they join Amazon Marketplace.
Stock plan is good in my opinion. They take a long time to vest though
People are really dedicated to their work. Amazon does not have a culture where you are told what to do, you drive the work, you are argue on the prioritization, change the way your team operates and impact the delivery. You work with extremely dedicated and sincere people, who work as if its their own company. You get to learn end to end on the development from requirements, development, testing, deployment and maintenance.
I like the transparency and accountability of Amazon.
good culture, friendly colleagues and career growth.
welll infrastructure and cool work environment an easy going attitude and planned strategies in the companywelll infrastructure and cool work environment an easy going attitude and planned strategies in the company
Good opportunities for growth and if you are a fresher it will give you a broad idea into e-commerce industry and its various different complementing functions like retail, supply chain, customer support and online fraud mitigation etc.  Casuals allowed on all days.  Good work culture and smart people to work with.
1. Small Teams. 2. Good people around you.
Good salary..smart colleagues and entrepreneurial work culture..
Data is God, all decisions are based on data points
one of the best place to work with. Awesome work place.
one of the best place to work with. Awesome work place.
Work skills were easy to pick up. Some oppurtunity for advancement. Friendly environment.
- Received training using Powered Pallet Trucks - Quick to start working - Paid weekly - A lot of good folk working there
Huge learning opportunities. Nice career path. Intelligent Coworkers.
Great Customers, Great Pay, Great
Peer group , Good Managment , hikes
Fast Paced. Exciting. Ever growing
Friendly environment, flexible work hours, great benefits, lots to learn
Best place to learn
nice atmosphere, food pay and excellent work culture
Awesome work culture good compensation excellent training opportunities
A ver good company to work
Good place to learn They push productivity Ability to take on a wide range of projects Good entry level offers Stock options
We can develop our skills
Environment is dynamic and ambiguous providing room to learn & pick up new skills. High performance is valued and respected. Addictive work culture with loads of new challenges for those who enjoy their work. Bar raising performance in recognized and promoted. There is very little bureaucracy (Amazon has taken great efforts to not let bureaucracy creep in spite of growing to huge size of 150000 employees), hats off. Innovative ideas, though might be small is still highly valued and recognized. Very young and vibrant culture. Still feels and operates like a start up in spite being a pioneer and an Industry Giant. Everybody is encouraged to think and innovate for better customer experience. Any value adding initiative coming from any corner of the organization is heard, appreciated and felicitated towards implementation.  Best in class perks for employees in terms of food coupons, cab services, reimbursement of internet bills and health club bills, adequate health insurance with Competitive Pay and world class Infrastructure at the Chennai office.  There is never a dull day at work, overall a great place to work at any level.
I was an intern here. People around you are very talented and help you a lot. No office politics. Good company to work with.
Best work culture. No dress code.
Good workplace ambiance, employee benefits and good amount of challenging roles and opportunities will be provided and other fringe benefits make your life comfortable
Good working environment. Not much of work pressure.
You will get an opportunity with Amazing Talented people.
- Learning new skills and jobs - Internal movement and personal development - Fast paced, and a sense of accomplishment
At Amazon, one feels at home. It isn't taxing, it's like you're getting paid to be yourself! A kind staff, healthy company!
I joined Amazon in 2009 and have thoroughly enjoyed my time since then. What strikes me most about Amazon is how meritocratic it is, everyone is judged based on their quality of work and intellectual capability, not their ability to hold audiences and speak eloquently. After coming from a consulting world, that was a refreshing change. I was lucky to have all of managers as people who I truly admired and wanted to emulate in their excellence at coaching.
Great work place. Very supportive team and manager. Not so frequent but yes, team outings were fun.
Great company to work for. Great benefits and loads of help when needed
Working for a world-leading brand. Some interesting projects and lots of opportunities depending on skill set. Colleagues are of high calibre and easy to work with.
Opportunity to work with smart, highly motivated team members. At Amazon Web Services you can identify, drive change and have a significant impact on the business. It is by far the market leader in its field with a fast pace of innovation and a great underlying product set. Genuinely customer obsessed and growing at a breakneck rate.
Flexible work timing and cab facility.
becoz this company provides good growth and salary
Always electric atmosphere , something new always in your. Great learning experience .
Brilliant environment working with intelligent people
nice pay and nice work
Amazon is a big company that lets you work in many different areas with potentially many different problem spaces. The intern requirements were not too strict.
great peers, flexibility, opportunities to grow
- great working culture -approachable higher management -scope of growth is there if you are ready to commit more than 3-4 yrs at a site
benefits, work culture and good learning phase for freshers.
A friendly environment to work, with lots of fun at wok place.
decent salary, good shifts, good communication with the managers
Fun work culture. Chilled out work ethics. Allowed to wear casual clothes. Fun activities and outings.
Chance to work with smart motivated folks. Can get very successful if committed and hard working.
Chance to work with smart motivated folks. Can get very successful if committed and hard working.
Good culture, friendly collegues, great management... beautiful location
Huge variety of technologies to work with Always new things to learn Flexible shift model (4x10) Opportunities to ravel (if you like it) Opportunities to work on your own projects Long term career opportunities
none to explain good here.
Work Culture Career path Easy going management
Clean place to work Some of the people were nice
Good....shares over the roof... so good pay
Good Technology & Innovation. You will learn a lot. Diversity and high pace of change.
- smart people - fast paced
Working from home , being independent, learning new things almost every day and challenge yourself in doing better with every client
its fine its fine its fine its fine
Working with some of the most talented group of people in some of the most difficult problems. Lots of learning opportunity.
You get good benefits
Good learning, fast paced, taking full responsibility of projects as a fresher to the industry
Recognition for your work. Good career growth.
Great place to learn in fast moving/changing organization. Very much customer and data oriented. Nice enviroment and interesting people.
very flexible work environment,no hardcore rules and regulations,pays well
Best work atmosphere Best work life balance
Good work culture Employee satification
Great work culture and benefits.
Not to much OT, good life and work balance
Amazon is a very fast paced company: things move fast and sometimes is a challenge to keep up. But if you are willing to take the challenge, it's easy to get involved.
stock price are high. reimburse your mobile bill. reimburse your commute cost. (or parking) health insurance paid. less or almost no accountability on your responsibility
Cool people, lots of opportunities to change roles Good benefits and salary
Good Work atmosphere,Facilities,learn new things
best company i have worked. gud compensation
All good I really enjoyed working at Amazon .
* Vibrant work culture - You work hard and have fin * Cab facility - Extremely well maintained transport system * Pay for Over Time * Good job training.
Technical leader in cloud industry, not bad pay, growing fast, working location flexibility, plenty training, capable colleagues, growing fast in china
People are awesome! specially those who work at night shifts!
Great career opportunities, if you work hard its easy to advance.
People at amazon are very dynamic and passion they have towards work is awesome and put their max to achieve the goals.
I guess, I like everything about Amazon, its still a day one for me though its been almost three years.
Very good place to work in . Will be working among some of the brightest minds of the country. Amazing place to develop ourselves.
Cool culture, amazing people, fun work..
Technical leader in cloud industry, not bad pay, growing fast, working location flexibility, plenty training, capable colleagues, growing fast in china
Good coworkers and office space.
Great atmosphere within the office. Fast paced environment. Great office in general within a suberb office building. Very nice collegues and amazon leadership values are in action.
Nice place to work, free cabs, stress free, easy work
* We can learn a lot as we work with very smart people. I have learned so much during my tenure at Amazon. But after some point learning's are saturated and lot of people stop you to change teams as it affects their management metrics.
Good salary and work culture
Work Culture Peers Quality code reviews Good team work
Flexible timings and good work life balance
Fast growing Lots of responsibility Good Location
Lots of things to learn if you wish (but nobdoy is there to teach you). Nice view from Beijing office.
Really great, smart, professional people working hard to please the customer
focus on customer, direct culture, cool projects
Data driven. Fast growth, Carrier opportunities.
There is a good scope for learning in Amazon. You get to learn new technologies and understand the framework. Career opportunities are also really good. You can switch internally if you are not happy with current team.
* Great place to learn about engineering at scale * Motivated and brilliant team
* Great place to learn about engineering at scale * Motivated and brilliant team
Decent pay if you get into a Level3 and above role, relaxed environment, openness in the hierarchy
Innovative environment and well organized corporation. I really like the frugality approach.
Good place to work, Great brand value, smart peers, good benefits
Good virtues of top management. Great vision and ideals. Good work life balance.
Great tools, great processes, intelligent workforce
Strong sense of ownership and autonomy within your teams. No overbearing tooling requirements "use whatever tool you think suits the problem best". Very intelligent peers working on difficult problems at huge scales.
Stress free environment Easy to work
Good company, well treats employers and their ethic values
Good Learning environment for warehouse operations
open door recruitment policy which is refreshing
Better pay than others, Great work environment
Excelent work ambience, full of smart people who don't have fear or hesitation at the hour of share the knowledge and the epxertise. Good organization and a warm ambience with full of social events and as a plus, there is a geekness in the air that makes you feel at home.
Cool job People are awesome and work is good you get food coupons free drop n pick-up medical benefits
Good reputation and opportunity at the new company
This related to Amazon Local in the UK. Nobody has a clue what you're up to, left to your own devices
Casual environment No fixed login time Can WFH any day you want Free to take your own decisions as most of the roles are individual contributors Flat organisation Unlimited access to stationary Bangalore campus and building is awesome Learn a lot about the retail world (competition,offers) and payment system . It's a proud feeling to be called as an Amazonian Joining bonus which boosts your salary on a monthly basis for 2years
B2B, I saw another side of customer service, and it was something completely different than what I was doing before
Amazing culture, Great Compensation, Great Peers
Awesome experience, start up culture, cool api's and AWS services to learn from
Only in NHT's they speak about Employee grooming, till you hit the productivity
Has a very Informal office environment which can be pretty convenient. Flexible timings if any problem with the current work slot.
I would love to stand on my legs in the society.
Good crowd. Good office space. No dress code.
Great place, believes in long term vision.
The people is great both personally and professionally. Better work at Retail than in Marketplace.
people, experience, structure. Had such a great time at Amazon Instant Video - the team I worked with was brilliant - best of the best.
The work is very challenging and if you perform well, you will be given even better opportunities.
good start when starting out
one of the company that pays well in Abidjan
Great opportunity for people who are serious about advancement at Amazon or in the work industry period. Fast paced environment with great growth opportunities.
good job with hard work
Amazon brand in your CV Learning opportunities. Company Growth.
Amazing Place to work. Freedom to think out of the box and execute it
1) Great experience and brand 2) Customer service, key to Amazon's fame. 3) chance to influence
Some of the innovations have highest possibility of making to production
It has good work environment. And no dress code
The best to grow and learn a lot in least time. This is my first organisation but I came to know from friends that it is very difficult to move to next level but here it is easy, just that you need to have that will.
Lots of learning, dynamic environment, aggressive culture, I would recommend a lot of new talents to join this organisation. Growing organisation
Good at Joining Salary and good at weekly offs
Encouraging people, exceptionally skilled management who Appreciates young talent and process improvements
Could learn a lot about work inside a warehouse Managers tried to be fair You get to be active for 10 hours
Good team and skillful people. good place to earn perks
Working with amazing people, cutting edge technology, customers love the company. Great place to develop yourself with many promotion options as the company keeps on growing.
Slightly above market related salary. Great benefits Amazing workspace and a diverse group of people working together
> Wonderful managers and TLs > OT money and night shift pays > Frequent team outing ,sports and cultural events > Leave policy > life insurance > Growth is incredible
As a cost-saving measure, is highly attractive but each company is different and some may benefit from more than others. Certain types of businesses may be better off handling all procedures in-house without any outsourcing.
Amazon is a customer centric company. Whatever you do in Amazon, you should think of your customer.
None that I could see.
There is lot of freedom to experiment and work on your own ideas. Lot of opportunities to learn.
Amazing place and people to work with. Had a wonderful time learning about retail business
Good work environment. good approach of Team Leads
Lots of things to learn, good work environment, growth opportunities are more, cab facilities from home to office.
Helpful management, growth perspective. No standard breaks and rules and no compulsory formals. Everything is data oriented.
Great place to develop your career. Excellent, supportive coworkers and extremely interesting work. Business rules that are followed internally, rather than just being something leadership teams come up with and everyone else pays lip service to. Huge stock bonuses which doubled in between the time I signed and my first day. Promising future and many amazing products in the pipeline.
I'm able to work from home, avoid traffic and wasted time in traffic jams.
Ownership, Healthy team relationships, Fun activities, Occasional free lunches, Casual work enivironment
Really smart and fun people, challenging problems to be solved, lot of tools that make everyday tasks easier. Lot of education possibilities. Many different offices and projects around the world.
You get to work in small teams, work on interesting problems, develop on good infrastructure, work with smart people and gain invaluable experience
gives you a very good learning experience
You can get to know complexities of e-commerce business at a large scale
First thing I would like to say about amazon is that there is no dress code. A good working environment, people are innovative and good opportunities to grow.
You get to work in small teams, work on interesting problems, develop on good infrastructure, work with smart people and gain invaluable experience
Specific and demanding recruitment process allows only the best to work for Amazon therefore there is a opportunity to learn from the best Senior Managers. Onboarding process allows too meet top Management who introduce to general Company's strategy. Extreme intensity at work makes you gather your experience two times faster than elsewere. Company values are reflected through 13 leadership principles which have to and are followed by everybody.
Amazing work culture. Very friendly and helpful leadership team. Wonderful colleagues. Work is actually fun here. Employee feedback and suggestions are given a serious thought.
Lots of opportunity to learn from working with super-bright and motivated colleagues. Great office location in London.
> Fast Paced > Great Tools > Variety of Cultures/People
good quality work ,enjoy fun party ....good people good systems and knowledge fast
great training for future careers, they teach you how to think differently and take ownership of issues.
Good place to understand e-commerce giant, interesting projects, lots of ownership, can deliver results quickly
This the best company to work for period.... Great benefits, excellent work culture..
Very Good work cuture and very employee-friendly
Good salary. .. Two weekly off. ..
- There is a purpose to the work. You're never spinning your wheels for no reason, work needs to get done and you're there to lend your brain to it. - Big numbers that sound nice to others - Generally smart people - Great culture training - to be specific - not necessarily great culture, as different people experienced different managers, but as a whole, people try to ascend to Amazonian status by following a specific and clear set of leadership values
Provides benefits such as cab pickup and drop and and flexible work timings and employees are well recognized for their work.
Great company to work for, skill growth and great culture
great learning, nice culture, pays good
-High Accountability -Good Exposure -Open Culture - I dont know what to say more, coz glassdoor just wants to make sure i speak for about some minimum number of words.
Lot of things to learn, quick to act
for earning money, and provide good environment to the employees.
for earning money, and provide good environment to the employees.
Wonderful place to learn basics of supply chain and program management unlike any other organizations. The work culture is good with lot of fun activities happening.
Good shift patterns No uniform for general associates Free parking Canteen
A decent place to work, could have a balanced life
Great people and business environment.
Annual leaves , work life balance
Good company to work for, Flexible shifts and great salary.   If you would like a long walk then this is a perfect job for you,
- You learn a lot - Several opportunities to work with different people and teams - Smart co-workers - Fast-paced
Transperency, Annual leaves are pretty good, 2 week off's.
Good pay. Will work withe apex of technology and a nice place to learn.
Management is very lais back. Employee issues aren't prioritized by the management
Best place to work. Maximum Flexibility. Vivacious work environment.
very good , perspective work
Excellent employee benefits like WFH, great transportation facility etc. Awesome compensation and other benefits.
Industry leader, customer obsessed, innovative
You will learn a lot of new things.
Great place to work. Real projects, learning new technologies every day.
Good salary. Smart people. Sometimes they make good outings.
Its customer centric company and love everything about customers and I have imbibed the same from my company
good work life balance. good co-interns. learnt a lot
Nice place to work with a good crowd and management.
Great work environment Good experience Amazing culture Most of the employees here create a fun environment and make parties even when not at work to boost personal life as well
nice place to work with lots of benifits but very less pay for freshers in tetsing
great place, great learning, still working like a startup. the company is growing so fast which makes it so challenging but exciting
Good exposure from a learning perspective, competitive compensation, flexible work hours, strong leadership team, freedom to implement your own ideas
Cutting edge work, end to end ownership, smart peers
good work place, facilities provided are great
1. Great shifts. I mean most agent can get their lovable shifts easily as there is swap option provided.  2. Bosses are not bossy type they treat you with respect all time.
Yes costmbar is friendship but Dilevary is very important to me
You get to work on the latest technologies. Your code impacts millions of people directly. Lots of ownership and fast learning.
great career growth path and opportunities
Good exposure from a learning perspective, competitive compensation, flexible work hours, strong leadership team, freedom to implement your own ideas
Big brand that is respected outside Higher in-hand to ctc ratio Job rotation
Lots to learn. Data-driven culture. Leadership values strongly emphasized.
Good at work culture, work exposure, freedom of thinking, growth opportunity, transport and incentives.
Amazon is a fun place to work. Work is kind of simple.
Mandatory Additional hours, within short notice. May have to do split shift with nights
Salary and shares are both good but no car
Amazing work culture, great people to work with. Flexible timings.
nice exposure to the business world
It is an international coorperation with a lot interesting departments to work at. Young and innovative employees to work with and many opportunities to grow and be challenged.
-Lots of things to learn - Great place to work and learn
Good timings and package Facilities for employees are pretty good
Work Hard..Have Fun Make History
Good work culture. Lots of opportunities. Really good smart people to work around.
Good environment to work. Proper recognition and rewards are given.
Good environment , scalable application
Good work environment Opportunities to learn Company benefits
Good and fun place to work
Amazon work culture is really good. You will never feel like you are working under any employee/manager, its like you are working for customers.
If you know excel , can get many awards and good hike. Cab facilities, nice work environment,not much work pressure. I love to be part of Amazon.
Amazon.com is a great place to work. It offers a whole new world to enhance your skills and provides you the opportunity at every intervals to excel in them. Amazon strongly believes in their leadership principles and they stick to customer obsession
Good development environment, nice salary.
The atmosphere is fun to work and the people are very friendly. The company has an open door policy where anyone has approach any manager or ops-manager if there is any issue in the company and they will do their best to help you. The other thing is there is no dress code at Amazon, you can come in shorts to work and nobody bothers
Good Work Culture and Facilities
Get to learn a lot and get to work upon real projects
International environment. Above average salary. Possibility to change job inside the organization. Customer obsession. Help growing your resume.
you get to examine your inner strengths as well your physical side. Rewarding work and benefits and advancement if you are a hard working individual.
Friendly and casual environment. Each and every employee is treated equal.
Plenty of opportunities for growth as it has just turned to two years old(Amazon India). Performance appraisal and internal movement to different roles round the year.
Plenty of opportunities for growth as it has just turned to two years old(Amazon India). Performance appraisal and internal movement to different roles round the year.
Analitical job, very competitive compensation. Stymulating enviroment. Stock option. Job rotation and opportunity ti growht in short/mid term.
the people who work there are great and the benefits are fantastic
High calibre employees, lots of projects available if you show enthusiasm early on
Lots of very talented and smart individuals. Very high quality outputs from co-workers. Opportunity to interact with many different functions as lots of coordination is required.
Huge responsibility is given to almost everyone joining the company. You influence big numbers and the focus on creating processes and standardizing everything is a very good lesson to learn early on in ones career.  Company likes to make bold bets and doesn't shy away from putting in money behind those. This is unlike most other companies. Almost feels like a massive startup.  A year here is akin to at least two or three elsewhere. Good exit options outside as a couple of years here make you highly sought after in almost all other companies.
Good quality of work in my team
Excellent in every way possible
Benefits, Hours, amazing people to work with
- Startup culture with lot of empowerment - Smart people all around - Awesome work of Amazon standard - Hardwork is expected as a norm (lazy folks are singled out very easily) - Love the transparency in decision making based on data - Strong culture and values - leadership principle is just in every aspect of this company
Ownership of the work is tremendous.Flexible working hours.Good projects.
best compay .. good work ethics..good home pickup too.always recommended as a startup job
Great work culture and people
Good starting package with hand full of allowance
Growing company, lots of users, high impact work, love my coworkers. It's a product that is changing the world
salary was good, you can have impact on very big projects, collegues are tough and skilled, if you are customer oriented that's the place for you
Work from home option Insurance and food coupons Friendly managers Lot of (Only) appreciation. Flexible working hours. Cab facilities. Quarterly team outings .
That ok, team s fine, salary is good.
Many opportunities to grow and to show what you're made of. There are many resources to work, and you have the opportunity to work with extremely talented people.
Employee centric company which give best to their people. Great Work life Balance.
good culture
Fast pace working environment. best place to learn things
An ocean of knowledge available to everyone, if you have thirst for learning whatever is your role you will have time and material to get better on anything you want.
Rate of pay, paid break, overtime rate, shares allocation, I suppose having a job if you can call it that in the first place.
Amazon has the brightest and most passionate people you'll ever work with in the technology industry. You'll work very hard and enjoy every bit of it somehow. You'll learn to drink from a firehose and life will never be the same again.
Plenty of team building events, on the cutting edge of innovation, generally if you have a good idea you have a good chance of making it happen
Lots of great people Flexibility Access to big set of trending technologies No dead end career if you build your own path
great working experience you've probably not had before
1.You will have a steep learning curve with something new always around the corner. 2. You will get to work with some very smart people. 3. Decent salaries.
If you are dedicated and ready to goal the extra mile, rewards and recognition follows!!
NIce work environment .. good place to work
The work environment is very good and the supervisors are very friendly too. Transportation facilities are provided. Training is also top notch.
An ever learning environment, one of the best e-commerce company,a good culture
Great environment! Enjoyed a lot compared to previous place. It was really pleasant that I could talk to so many innovative people
Working hard, having fun and making history. Can be a part of this corporate culture.
Environment is very good here
nice office, flexible working hours
It looks an wonderful environment to enjoy friends an we have to know the value of money
Amazon is a great place to work. I have been able to achieve my personal goals to the point that Amazon's grows get reflected in my everyday work including better school for my kids, better car and real time quality time with my kids and my wife.
Lack of dress code, Great Infrastructure, talented bunch of people, Good pay scale.
No dress code. Awesome work culture, open door policy
As a fresher you will learn a lot of things
Independent work. Good facilities Had some fun
Supportive People People oriented culture You can get your ideas through if you work hard enough
Love the work culture Open minded people Great opportunities to grow
Cool working culture, Flexible timings
A good company for fresher's.
Free cab service for interns
Great organization to be a part of. Finance teams in shared services especially get an insight into the process. Ability to test your potential in during period-end times. Helps you build your career.
1. Good brand name for your CV - you will get multiple interviews if you are after looking to move on to other company, or if you are able to resist for 1 year to move to a better location/team 2. Ok as starting point in your career - if you are an intern I think is cool. 3. The location you are and manager you have will determine 95% of your satisfaction - Corporate environments (Luxembourg) are where meaningful decisions are taken. Depending on your manager (accepts more job, block it for lack of resources) you will end up dealing with it.
good opportunities to grow within the company. training and seminars to learn about the company's culture. great pay check and benefits, including shares.
There is great platform set for those who love to learn, literally it's learning environment
Work culture, no dress code, lesser hierarchy compared to other companies, lesser work stress.
- Big name - Great Offices - Central Location
good environment, multiple nationality, growing industry
Other employees in the same team are nice and helpful. Canteen Healthcare
Good ans skilled people, lots of interesting projects and perspectives.
Really nice job and nice people
Friendly people, customer centric company, a lot of things to learned from very talented people, carrers opportunities
Good work environment and infrastructure.
Good work environment and infrastructure.
fast paced and demanding (in a positive way!) I started back in July 2008 as a level 1 warehouse associate and developed within the company through all tier levels and eventually as an Area Manager. So personally the company has excellent development opportunities.
Excellent colleagues, straight forward style, highly efficient
Decent pay, good people and ethos
Very nice company to work.
working with large system across the globe
Amazon culture is one of a kind. Great Culture!
Amazing work culture, Transparent, Work life balance
The best part of the company is that you can freely approach anyone.
good work environment, supportive fellow workers
There are tons of smart people, something that I really missed when I left. Also, the company definitely takes a long-term focus, which is another thing that I sorely missed when I went to a company that was focused on the extremely short-term
Good salary, cool working hours which you can expect with the money being given
best company for customer oriented
I feel Flexible timings is the only pro. Can grow if you know the managers well. You know what I mean
* Get to own the projects you are working on from end to end. * Involve all the aspects of software development from managing hardware to design, code, code reviews, testing, deployment etc. * Can see how big an impact you are making to the world.
* Awesome customer focus - you'll learn what customer focus really means, instead of the half-hearted stuff you see in most other companies. * If you're an adrenalin junkie, who always likes to be on edge, racing against the clock in an imaginary race, you'll like it here. DISCLAIMER: You'll get tired of it pretty soon though.
Fast paced company, lots of change helps keep things exciting, freedom to create and work on projects you come up with yourself.
cool work culture, more freedom, perks, environment, employee benifits and policies
Lots to learn as the company is in a phase where there's tremendous growth happening. New features and plans are being made everyday and you get the chance to work with some of the smartest people
Awesome place to work for
1. Work culture 2. No dress code 3. Free pick up and drop cab 4. Outing 5. Meal pass 6. Internal promotion
Great Place to work Good work culture and ethics Good Work management and managers
Friendly people, post-room for deliveries.
Picking and packing and for what you do pay is fine cannot expect £10 per hour for picking Team and staff nice people
I've enjoyed working at Amazon, it's fast paced, you have fantastic levels of ownership, the attitude is can do and you are expected to drive change and improvement, colleagues are smart and stimulating. The company continues to grow a rapid rate and that creates lots of opportunities internally (e.g. I'm on my 3rd role here in 3.5 years), there are usually secret projects going on building out the next product.  The move into Central London has also been very good socially and for mixing with colleagues, previously in Slough there were very limited opportunities to go for a meal or a drink after work and that really put a brake on say Friday evening drinks.
Intelligent People all around which makes work interesting.
Great leadership principles, applied across all levels. Challenging and dynamic place for someone who wants to learn and grow.
Not so great work, but good compensation for someone in Chennai
Great company to work for, with many different options for promotion.  Would really like to see how amazon progresses in the future.
Looks after the employees really well. Good career oppurtunities
Looks after the employees really well. Good career oppurtunities
- Challenging - Lots of opportunity to learn - Great work environment and perks
Its good to work with so many talented people around. Work quality is very good. One gets to learn a lot .
High salary, good development of software skills. Challenging Environment
challenging, opportunity to learn, nice working environment
Gets you to learn finer details of business and product management
Flexible, good opportunities (can change groups after one year), Can relocated to anywhere (US)
They will hire anyone with at least fairly good language skills
End to end responsibility for a product
Had a lot of freedom to pursue the the projects I was most interested in, and to tackle them in innovative ways.
Unique culture starts up like environment very fast paced
"Wear Something" is the dress code No work Pressure Decent salary Awesome work environment Pick up and drop facility.
Freedom of work, no work pressure
Interesting work, opportunities to work with cross functional team
Head Office culture, innovation, pace of change, equity growth, competitive salary, customer focus
work culture is one of the best ones perks are good nice management
Lot of opportunities to innovate and take initiatives Freedom to set your own rules Smart people
Good work life balance, Good environment to work. Only pay is not sufficient
I honestly do not see any pros
You get the salary you deserve
Can learn a lot from colleagues if you are motivated.
Hard and smart work configuration with sense of ownership and simplify understanding
Promotes Ownership and has a very fast-paced culture
Scope of learning is good Work Culture is great
very good platform to run real retail business. teams are not political.
Work culture,best learning curve,comfort with peers,opportunities for growth,work life balance,working hours,transport.
Good mentorship, lost of learning
- very fast paced environment - great experience gathering - multiple development opportunities - allowed to fail provided that proper preparations were in place
Great place for learning for freshers.
creative , efficient, fast pace, nice working atomosphere. a good brand,
A great learning environment Open culture Freedom to try out new things Ownership of the project you're working on Easy role switching internally Nice pay scale Facilities are decent Company is in growing stage and there is a huge potential to grow along
- Extremely fast growth , employee friendly policy, open door policy, very helpful management and HR team - Enhances interpersonal skills via leadership principles which every Amazonian imbibes on their behavior - Easy internal team movements (if you match the criteria)
Pays well. A global brand to work for. Amazing communication of the principles and values across organisation
Good salary to lure you as an Ops Manager. Not much else positive to say really.....
big company, great values and culture, a nice place to acquire international experience
Great and friendly atmosphere. Balanced work and fun environment (if you know to keep it balanced) Countless opportunities to grab
Same regular hours. The work is indoors and is not intellectually challenging.
You get to work with some of the smartest people
Fast dynamic , 10 h shift patern vice 3 dąsy of Opportunity to chance location grow fast new technologa
Good HR policy,No hierarchy, decent working conditions
Big name. Cab facility. Flexible office hours.
Overtime pay during peak season
Learning experience Working on customer impacting products
Really good development and training programme that teaches a lot. Really good for developing skills for sales, consulting and data analytics.
open door policy ,casual atmosphere ,leave policy
great brand name and reputation
they do look after all of their staff , spacious factory , kept well maintained and clean. Plenty of training and support given within this enviroment.
I enjoy working there good salary, good management good opportunities for future everything is good
Still its day 1, Even after close to 4 year Lot to learn new experience every day
At Amazon you will work in a fast-paced environment that is 100% focussed on the customer. Employees work hard and have fun. Your job will not have fixed boundaries, you will have the flexibility to take on new tasks, push your ideas forward, make a change.
At Amazon you will work in a fast-paced environment that is 100% focussed on the customer. Employees work hard and have fun. Your job will not have fixed boundaries, you will have the flexibility to take on new tasks, push your ideas forward, make a change.
good work culture, fast moving company
Great pay package Tier 1 organization Work with top level talent
The work environment is really good, the comfort given to employees is great. Transport and other indoor facilities are excellent as well. Lots to learn if u are just out of college. You can gain immense confidence. Approachability towards higher management is good as well.
A decent commission structure enables you to earn well.
Awesome place to work. No dress code. Yo wil hav lots of leaves. Free cabs.
Exposure to lots of latest technologies in quick time. Ample time to learn and get on board. Also very friendly and casual atmosphere.
Good people, good culture, interesting work, Lots of opportunity, smart people to work with, collaborative people, good review process, lots of fun
Lots of good people to work with and learn from, lots of experience working at huge scale and under pressure.
Good exposure to new emerging technologies & lots of learning
plenty of scope in the role
Good mentors Challenge in all tasks Career growth
- door opening brand - nice office & location - fair salary - dynamic environment - smart colleagues - good trainings - place for personal growth - you will redefine your limits - good trainings - great senior leadership - work-life balance (depending upon what you're used to)
Good environment to work flexible timings New challenges Flexibility to explore new technology Be innovative and visible Getting Seattle transfer is easy
this one of those few companies which breathe the principals, vision, values and mission. you learn to lead on all levels.
Work along some of the smartest people, challenging work environment, a lot of scope to grow.
Good work place, open door policy, office infrastructure are always better.
Great place to work. Nice clean environment. Good management. Fun.
Best company to work with. Free cab, sodexo. Great chances for internal growth. Very friendly management. There is never a pressure at work. They are not only customer centric but also employees centric. A lot to learn.
Very nice office in a good location, most of the employees are very friendly. Pretty good pay for someone with little experience
CAB facility, sodexo, Flexible timing, cool managers
Great atmosphere and a very enjoyable work enviroment
it is big and fantstic company . i prefer to join this cmpany
Good place to learn and build knowledge
A lot of opportunity to contribute and make your voice heard as a developer
Dynamic, fast paced, different. Plenty of opportunity to get promoted if you work hard.
At amazon you get to work with the most talented people. Amazon has great work culture and a fast paced environment. You get to work on cutting edge technologies and products. Overall very satisfying experience. Company also rewards for hard work and growth prospects are also very good.
Part of the wider Amazon Group which means a great office, working environment and good IT infrastructure. Great set of leadership principles and a company that genuinely does put the customer first.
-Great work environment -Good compensation -Lots of learning opportunities
Highly intelligent and analytical co-workers
Its a job that everyone should seek since we never get bored . Everyday is something new here . So i suggest to join amazon if you are eligible for
Good benefits, flexible timings. Can work with very few interesting minds.
Being in India working on American Culture.
Salary, Great place to learn E-com
Appriciable facilities,Great culture,No work pressure, Work from home is available
Amazon is one of the best places to work. I started my career with them and I can tell you that it is one of the best work environments I've worked in. The job roles are challenging but the rewards are worth it.
Brand name is huge.
Definitely good for your resume after, business challenging
A company that values employee's work-life balance. Also, Seattle is one of the best cities to live and work in.
Great people. Not bad money
Great people. Not bad money
pay is fair, downtown location
Great benefits. Career development opportunities.
opportunities for development, challenging environment
I have worked in amazon for 1.5 years.The only benefit i see in working at amazon is you get the brand tag on your head thats all. And yes the fool you around with the salary. And if you are lucky enough you can get 1-2 good intellectual people around you.
Passionate, smart and experienced co-workers. Interesting projects in the heart of EC2
You work with really smart people and learn amazing skills. The Working Backwards process is awesome and the focus on data driven decision making.
1. Religious adherence to leadership principles 2. Data-driven decision making 3. Great, open company culture 4. Amazing peer group (intelligent, bold, decision makers)
great people to work with. It always encourage the new idea and support it to execution
best work place, good environment to work
it is a big company and good platform for freshers
A very good environment to start a job.
Best training offered by process trainers for, communication specialists . SME's support for handling chats and training. Paid for OT'S, NSA, Free transport to and from home, shuttle, comfortable office, good working environment.
It is a great place to work. Opportunities are ample you need to identify and apply them. You just need to be prepared. People are approachable.
It is the begning of my career. Work with company like amazon is Better opportunity for me.
Fast paced, young team, good same level camaraderie.
Great work culture Immense learning opportunities Dynamic
Very good working culture, great atmosphere, good staff
Strong and interesting corporate culture
The people and the work is pleasant if you can work a 8-5 job They offer a pick up and drop And work life balance is pretty good do your work and leave and have time for your personal life weekends free Table tennis Cafeteria Monthly 1100 food pass
Good campany better then other companies and the managment people are good to help the campany for higher postion its a top leading campany in India I am so thankful to work with amazon
My success has stemmed from my strong commitment and sense of professionalism. I maintain high ethical and work standards for myself.
Result Oriented, Ownership, People care
Nice company To work for
Flexible work with great industry talent leadership principles
Awesome work culture. Usually they provide enough leaves. No work pressure.
Provide good facility to the employee.......helps in keeping the employee updated
Challenges you to think big and work with various functions internally and externally,
Strong focus on excellence, very smart people to work with
good salary good office location cafeteria
No worries at all lovely
Safest and clean warehouse you will ever find
Good company with a good team spirit and clear principles. All types of people and most managers are willing to work with you. Liberal benefits. They will cross train you for different departments and offer transfer frequently.
Well, easy going hard working environment.  If you love cloud technologies and have passion to support customers this is the place for you.  Managers are friendly and helpful.  Fast paced work environment.
Good Environment and Awesome work place.
Turn on customer experience and growing Decisions are taken fast Fun atmosphere American way of hiring : more on who you are and not what you did
Growth company with plenty of career opportunities, ambitious, data driven, stron process and management team
Good pay compared to other companies
-Good brand to have on CV -Working with really smart people in every department -Interesting projects to work on al the time -Quick decision making and pace to work -Customers treated incredibly well
Interactive seniors 5 days of work per week
Awesome workplace and work life balance. A vibrant, colorful and a diverse organization.
intelligent people who are thirsty for learning more and more
Technologically advanced, can gain rich insight into online retailer operations
Very good culture and opportunities to learn
Good company to start a career
good place to work have no pressure as far your done with your work
Depends on the team, Good learning initially.
Lovable and peaceful work culture. No work pressure. Flexible timings. Work form home options. Home pickup and drops, free sodexo and snacks.
- Great learning - Can shift team/departments easily
- Ownership - Distributed System - Experience as a engineer
- Ownership - Distributed System - Experience as a engineer
Smartest team I have worked with. Great products with constant enhancements and very customer focused. Work life balance is what you make of it.
Work Culture is very nice
Good place to learn and Grow
Good place to work in India
Pros:  Freedom to put in place decision Support of a global nown brand
Growth Opportunities are good, subjected that you stay for a while.
Super fast paced environment with tons of ambiguity and opportunity to excel. Managing the content for this size of a company has been a great experience.
- good pay for my position - easy to talk to higher level management - teamwork is really important
It's not hard as they all saying, no stress, permanent job, money it's alright if you look at it as an unskilled job.
High growth rate of the company. Fun and intelligent people to work around.
it should provides a good growth
Flexible work timing Located in SP Infocity,near the city Culture of the company is good
Great bunch of people to work with, colleagues are amazing, all in same boat and tend to keep each other going but no one stays because they like it there.
Overall challenging work and good opportunity for developing new stuff.
flexible time, cab, work culture, dress code casual
Almost none. There are definitely some smart people working here, spoiling their careers.
Very cool place to work. We don't have work pressure and is employee friendly. We work hard, make fun and create history.
Facilities, benefits, work environment. Insurance.
Amazon is constantly innovating and you have great career perspectives
Very cool place to work. We don't have work pressure and is employee friendly. We work hard, make fun and create history.
Flex hours, Good management, brilliant work environment
Big, high profile projects. Lots of smart people.
Good opportunities for career growth as there are a lot of new projects
brand access to all kinds of technology, could learn a lot from work. good culture. good platform and tools for development.
Lots of talented people. Good Compensation Package.
Lively atmosphere. Good salaries. Good additional benefits Highly motivated colleagues
Intense on-boarding process heavily focused on customer experience and I.T
Amazon is an amazing place to work - in some places. Everything depends on your manager, some micromanage to an incredible degree, other let their employees roam free and actually get to those "highest standards". I loved the Amazon leadership principles, which are applied to pretty much everything and give you a very clear idea on how Amazon works from day one.
Good facilities. Good friends. Freshers can have their star here without hesitation. Totally you will have a nice experience if you are at Amazon.
There's a LOT you can do at Amazon, it's like working at 10 different companies at the same time. Also very interesting problems and scale.
Great company to work with, good experience
its a good thing to work in that company as they are cultural and they improve our knowledge They provide us free cabs and the ambiance is wonderful
Amazing to work for a healthy environment
strong culture of results, data, and performance. Real customer obsession that is driving a lot of forward looking thinking. Managers are the sharpest I have seen in my career and there is a drive to excellence with a lot of learning.
The management is understanding. You get to share you opinion and voice out and the bes thing is they consider them. Lot of encouragement and positive atmosphere. Good food and friendly people. They take care of each and ebery employee equally.
Suitable for workaholic, talented and ambitious people.
I liked working at Amazon.com because it helped me with my IT skill's and communicated with people.
The pay- excellent compared to the industry. The headquarters location You get your own lap top Can work from home if necessary
Great growth opportunities, if you want to achieve something Amazon is there to give you opportunity.
We work hard, have challenging targets and learn a lot. Entrepreneurial spirit is encouraged and there is room for many projects if you are willing to start working on some. The 14 leadership principles (Customer Obsession, Ownership, Think big, etc.) are still the DNA of the company. The work atmosphere is fantastic in the Paris office - I'm talking about the Marketplace side of the company.
1. Degree of freedom. 2. Work culture. 3. Good Higher Management
*Work with the best in the industry *No swipe in/ swipe out.
great company and values dynamic environment great potential for the products and offerings
There is no tension in terms of work and guaranteed 5 day a week. No work pressure. Good recreational rooms. Amazing transport facilities. Home office Home facilities available.
A lot responsibility given at the very beginning, even to intern positions. A dynamic and challenging working environment. Ideal for flexible and pro-active individuals.
Fast-pacing, new technology, open atomposphere
Opportunity for willing individuals to prosper & grow
1. Fast pace environment 2. Challenging work
It is an easy job because all I had to do is packing. No skills were required so anyone can apply.
- A lot of flexibility - No micor management. If you like your work, you have a lot of scope to innovate - People are awesome! No matter how good you are in Amazon - you will always find plenty of people who are better than you
Very Good Culture around the Leadership Principles
Lot of talented people around you and lot to learn.
1. Fast pace environment 2. Challenging work
Very high hiring bar. Great managers.
Working at Amazon was a fantastic opportunity to learn from some of the best software engineers in the world. The breadth of problems tackled at Amazon is staggering, and I felt that the work I was doing really mattered. Management was fair and reasonable and the overall culture was friendly, if competitive.
10% discount when buy something at Amazon.
We have a transparent working culture
Average pay, company is stable so no layoffs expected. If you can stick around Amazon for at least 18 months, your linkedin profile will begin to attract attention from recruiters for other big High Tech companies.
Growing organisation with lots of opportunities for people who are willing to travel and / or relocate.
good work culture...friendly people.....amazon takes good care of its employees
no much work pressure except Q4, pay is fine, good transport facility, a good career start.
Work culture is great, no dress code
1) As it is a MNC and interview process is not that easy, cracking Amazon can be an achievement. 2) Keeps you busy . . .very busy 3) Improves a lot of confidence and enhances your personality.
Good benefit, salary, and location
Amazon are a good company to work for.
best workplace, no partiality , freedom of decision making, own style of work can be followed
It’s a great brand name. Comfortable place to work. Employee friendly.
- Opportunity to learn - Helpful environment - good benefits
-If you want a best technical job in chennai area, this is the company to apply for. -Smart peers
Multicultural and challenging environment which surely breaks the daily routine. Colleagues are quite skilled and sociable. Free coffee.
balanced work life, descent pay comparing to local standard (non-US office). Good brand name within Supply-Chain/E-Commerce industry.
Data oriented organisation Lots of opportunities and ownership
I really can't think of any. If you can stick it out long enough, someone might be impressed by the recognisable name, but I really doubt it. I think by now everyone knows their practices are suspect.
A few smart people, lots of great products being built
Lots of growth potential, Decentralized organization give freedom to teams to define their processes, Encourage and reward pro-activeness and drive, Surrounded by highly intelligent and effective colleagues, SDE have a lot of power and works full stack, Vancouver location a lot more relaxed and balanced culture compared to HQ, One of the best compensation in the city
Fast paced work environment, opportunity for considerable hours during peak season.
its good place to work,flexi timing , noo much pressure on employees
Flexible working time, relatively low pressure except oncall Ok level compensation
Good company to work with..people friendly..challenging tasks
Great place to work at, good vibes  work environment. good benefits
Culture is the best, learning is the highest
*Good Pay Package(Thats all folks) * 10 Offdays in Month
*Solid proprietary systems allow for building software services extremely fast and easy *Great opportunity for career growth as Amazon in Toronto is expanding (Continue to go on the route for Software, opportunity to be a Project Manager, and also go down the road of being a manager) *Work with very smart individuals
* Great atmosphere * One of the best call centers to work for in Costa Rica. * Great support for the employee * Growth Opportunities * Rewards * They really treat you like an appreciated employee
-Opportunity to move to US
Great working environment and opportunities to learn lots.
You get to do something for the customer and not just .... im sorry im sorry im sorry They pay good They have lots of health benefits Its kind FUN
Smart, innovative and collaborative colleagues Respected brand that gives employees instant credibility Leading edge products and services that customers love
many people to look at and interview. Great company to work at. local management is trying hard Always an interesting day at work. Colleagues are friendly.
many people to look at and interview. Great company to work at. local management is trying hard Always an interesting day at work. Colleagues are friendly.
Compare to the other E-commerce jobs I think this is the good one.
Good learning, great people to workd
Free coach to and from work Being a picker you was enter into competitions to win prizes £50 Bonus for exceeding units per hour (UPH) Weekly pay
Good stock options that vest if you survive for more than 2 years Cab pick up and drop to office from home for a nominal cost Joining bonus that can bump up your CTC but only for the first 2 years, after that your salary will get a slump unless you get an extraordinary hike
good pay good job good work good everything
-Dynamic -Great work culture -New ideas encouraged
1. What they say is what you get. No hidden components in CTC. You get everything they promise in hand. 2. Flexible working hours. You can come after noon and leave late if you are a late riser. 3. No compulsion to put mandatory 8 hours in office. If the workload is light you can leave any time. You are only expected to finish the tasks in promised time.
Compensation. One of the best. May find bit hard to get other which can match or better this later. You will own good work and interact with smart peers.
Smart people Customer focus in the DNA Limited evidence of politics Multiple career choices
I am working with the distributed system.The group has great worklife balance, opportunity for growth , good salary, work from home possibility.
Open work culture, flexible work hours, individual ownership
- Stimulating work environment: smart colleagues - Autonomy in work - Refreshing customer focus mindset
It's the good place to work..
the best employers in india
It was a great experience. Learnt a lot of things, and challenging environment. Very very good pay package. Great office.
Flat organizational structure (one of the first of the kind) Amazing work culture Flexible timings
High intellect colleagues. Ambitious growth. Diversity of work / projects. Multi cultured environment
Good to work.Lots of benefits are given.
No dress code. Cabs are provided.
hours,associates,training,bonuses and holidays and not to mention overtime
Good leading products, get to.work with smart people
Best work environment, amazing people
Great place to learn business discipline
Easy application and selection procedures. No real interview at all.
Nice new offices in Holborn
It provide me to experience and learning
Awesome technologies and great people around
Flexible timings No dress code Awesome products to work with
The brand Amazon gives your profile a big push for future. The company gives flexibility to switch roles after completing a year (within or outside India)
Work culture is good at amazon. com
It is possible to switch teams often but you would have to wait for a year before you can move out from your current team. the quality of work depends on the team but there are lot of good teams. most of the folks are good.
Flexible timing, Freedom to choose your work, transparent management
Nothing special to mention, however they are very cooperative with their employees
Felt like a startup, good team collaboration, good work-life balance. The customer obsession starts right from the management, and is inherited to the employees with the right leadership practices. The 13 Principles of Amazon known worldwide are something worth trying, it changes your outlook of your job, changes the way you treat people and operations around you.
Good work life balance.. good perks and salary
Customer Obsession Values & Culture :- though not followed by Amazon India
friendly work environment, supportive staff.
Employee friendly No dress code You get to learn a lot about the values
Super smart people surrounding you  Above average remuneration in entry levels  Growing business and strong business model
Super smart people surrounding you  Above average remuneration in entry levels  Growing business and strong business model
- to and fro cabs - free air and water (seriously) - good for people who stay nearby - great for people who are out of college and looking for quick money and has NO AIM in life.
1. non-political, good culture 2. smart folks working together 3. full range of welfare benefits
Interesting. A lot of responsibility. Dynamic
products and services. thats it. nothing more.
Brilliant people all around you. Has a wide spectrum of technology, starting from systems, cloud, internet, mobile, advertisements and the list just goes on and on....
A leader, a fast paced, innovative high hitter. Great for the CV and for experience. Totally customer focussed which is genuine and propagates through all levels.
Great exposure, Nice start for a software career
good working environment, good exposure
Flexible Promoves independency at work Good atmosphere Very talented colleagues
Good starting salary Company pushes you to grow Teams are small so oncall is manageable
Big picture for research, global view
Nice people to work with!
Good for your CV You meet some great people
Good Pay Learn how big systems are designed and built
invokes leadership skills in individual
1. Good Learning curve 2. Good Salary
Corporate experience in an global company
I am working here for more than 1 year as Test Engineer. Good Work Environment. Name of the company may be Fabulous but salary paid is less than its competitors. Independent to work. No dress code. No site blocking. You will be given freedom to work. Free Sodexos, Cab. As a product based company work is not much hectic [But some times it may be more] Work-Life Balance.
Good Brand, Employability, AWS, Descent Salary
Compensation, business overview and good salary. Nothing else
Salary is reasonable. Extras include health plan, signing bonus, share poptions. Highly dynamic environment - free use of AWS services with no real cost limits. The intensive hiring process means you will work with lots of smart people.
I really like to grow in a company. And the growing opportunities are a bit in the areas I like. Next to the fact that you don't always meet leaders that are interested in leading with their workers but demanding. They don't have a really good tools to exploit the pros of each worker.
I worked for 2 years as a manual tester in Amazon dev center chennai -Great work culture -Excellent transport facilities - Fun company to work with -Employee benifits  If you are not very serious about ur profession and just want to have some fun then this company is for u,
- good pay - lots of smart people (but successful ones could be very aggressive or back stabbing kind)
Open culture, lots of flexibility. Can move overseas.
Good Work, Good growth path, Talented Peers
The best thing about Amazon is that the environment is very competitive and there are plenty of opportunities for learning because the developers/engineers own the complete service
- Good learning experience. SInce you work more you learn more. - Good pay. - Growth for those who are willing to work a lot.
- dynamic and fast paced environment - stock component of your salary was extremely valuable as you are awarded a fixed number of shares that keep on growing in value once they vest. Amazon stock is still a value pick - depending on the product line one is working in good prospect to have directs - possibility to assume ownership quickly and drive projects.
Challenging , Pressure free, Hazel free work culture.Feeds your thrust for knowledge
High performance bar, fast pace
- You get to work with amazingly talented and helpful people - The compensation is really good - The office atmosphere is pleasant with lots of fun and games - You take ownership of projects you are working on - A lot of scope for experimenting with new things - Supportive Management
Awesome job...friendly environment. The salary is good and also the growth rate is high compared to other companies.
really good training, good salary for Bratislava related to similar position in other multinational company in Slovakia
Cab -Home to Home Facility is simply awesome Sodexo Great, friendly and young crowd - environment makes you feel at home
facilities are good but in chennai compapny is going down because of poor management and politics.no personal life..work life sucks,no dress code,cool culture
There is almost zero politics in this company and you are judged only on the basis of your performance regardless of tenure.
Awesome place to work to
Amazon is a superb company to work with ..
Amazon is a superb company to work with ..
Very employee friendly work environment
Flexibility and team working, the teams and people you get to work with are great, you get the chance to work basically any shift pattern and do so many varied jobs.
good place to work. helpful team members.
fair chance to everyone irrespective of percentage
The Pay was great and everyone was very friendly and the training was good.
Highly talented workforce Friendly managers Good ambience & facilities Brand value & global exposure Updated on latest technologies
freedom to wear , freedom to have entertainment while working, freedom to explore, Freedom to see movies and freedom to play the sports while working
Employee centric company, good working environment, work life balance.
Reasonable compensation for a grad role- £28,000 Young, intelligent and dynamic team Multi-faceted, exciting organisation
Friendly environment and colleagues Career growth is possible
Fun and friendly atmosphere, nice offices (London Holborn) and a relaxed manager if you meet your targets
Work Culture, Dress Code, Timings, Management (Both Project & HR)
Work-life Balance Flexible timings Organization culture in general is good with a positive energy
The company gives great benefits. Nice infrastructure. Great training and decent salary.
Stress free work environment | Performance based incentives | Scope for continuous learning and improvement.
very good place to work and has always given enough space to grow and innovate.
Work-Life balance, customer centric, friendly work atmosphere, higher-ups always ready to help.
grate package of salary package
Best working environment, flexible timing and lots of learning
Good opportunities to improve your technical skills. You have the facility to ask if you don't feel your tasks challenging
As their subtitle says Work hard have fun make history if you work hard then you can party harder in amazon *Work culture is AWESOME *Great Freedom
Good company with good work culture
There is great appreciation,encouragement and rewards and importance given to innovations and extra efforts and responsibilities are always noticed, The higher management is supportive and logical, very open culture and people are very friendly and supportive.There is a lot of scope to learn and work is not monotonous. the work times are completely flexible so you can choose to come to work at your convenient time and leave at your convenience and also you have an option to work from home for most of the tech and semi-tech processes.
Great growth potential and variety of areas you can be running a team within 3 years as the training is available to you, fantastic meaning to working at Amazon and having the opportunity after only 8 months of promotion was a great plus.
Customers really are the main focus.
you have a great growth in this even though it is non technical you can switch your department parallely
A good place to work individual freedom is provided No restrictions free to work nd free to leave Amazon's culture is awsome stress free company
very good oromotions personal growth work lifebalance
Great culture, respect, training, compassionate
Awesome atmosphere friendly people great scope for advancement
-Smart people -Good Pay -Opportunity to work on big projects -24/7 cab facilities
Great opportunities to work on live projects. Great pay.
Goo salary, good work experience
great place to work , nice people around
Many different areas to learn and experience.
Great work culture Good pay Good work-life balance Lot of smart people around
Lots of freedom given for you to learn more and improve in the company. Awesome work culture. Decent benefits.
Less pressure Decent Pay Fixed timings most of the employees are youngsters #fun Leave policy
flexible working time, not too bad salary company location is good, near downtown easy to get return-offer
It is a good company to work for but the managers have made the environment very dirty.
very good benefits. team is very helping and supportive. Very good learning experience. One will try hands on new technology and adapt to learning fast
Lots of freedom given for you to learn more and improve in the company. Awesome work culture. Decent benefits.
Ok pay, 28k for a first job. Very fun and intelligent colleagues. Opportunity to create meaningful projects.
The pros would be the other people working with you. Clean and comfortable working facilities.
Good perks, ownership, nice problems to solve, exposure, permanent relocation to US
Company growth is rapid Work with a lot of really smart people Good culture
Not a hard work to do with little stress. Go home and don't think about it.
Excellent training. Get to learn various technologies. Good team building. Good working conditions.
People processes are great. You really have to earn your promotions and they are more merit based than anywhere else I've come across.
Wage. Quick promotion possibility is possible but not for certain.
Keeps you on your toes, Benefits are good, Ample Training per your needs, Mentor-ship Programs
Relaxed work environment, no work pressure, free transport and several other benefits
Good salary, international exposure, smart people
Best learning and you own your career, people live and breathe the leadership principles.
have chance to learn more technology
lot of opportunities. Mostly you will code from scratch!
Having Amazon on your CV is quite helpful when it comes to finding a new job
1) good salary 2)Nice team 3)Challenging work
best place to start good growth opportunities
If you can get things done, this is the place to be. No one will stop you to try new things. Moving to different teams are encouraged a lot. Great opportunity to transfer to Amazon international offices permanently. Very intelligent set of people to work with. You will get to really own deliveries in your capacity.
A great place to work for the average call center, a lot of departments to work on rather than customer service
Get to know really smart people. There are a lot of opportunities to switch roles internally.
Good company for starters and beginner
Good benefit, good salary, good management
Work Environment and Culture. Unending Growth and opportunities.
Developers are treated very well. Open movement across teams. Career growth. Good Interaction with senior Engineers.
You learn a lot
Great people to work with, good package to start with but increments are sparse and poor. Work culture is very team centric. Lots of options available to change teams.
Fast growing, Good ethics, Leadership principles
Lots of opportunities. Smart people around
Streamlined Retail Catalog Tasks @ work High exposure for your skills Free and Flexible Working Environment
Work culture Ownership Work life balance - Right place to settle down late in your career
leadership, employee benefits ad all
innovate sense, bright future and direction
nice culture nice place nice environmennt nice people
Exposure to open technologies, highly competitive salary, smart people, good culture
professional, clean, nice, high tech, fun
- Expanding company, opportunities to see many sides of the business - There is a focus on ownership and bias for action, meaning you have the freedom to come up with an idea, build a business case and drive that idea to success - Great range of very smart people, great opportunity to learn and develop through them
Interesting company, some really cool & innovative products
-good learning curve - work on linux/scripts/good code base - good engineers
- very good salary package - atmosphere fun and colleagues smiling - flat organization where you can demonstrate ownership (leading project, solving issues...) - evaluation system is based on peer feedback and target achievements
not much pressure, its all on you, if you want to get good increment you only need to work hard.  its a day to day job so no taking work home with you, but might be required to work from home sometimes. no politics, every one is rewarded on their talent and work basis'
excellent environment and work culture
Nice office culture and compensation
The culture is the best in any amazon workplace.
Awesome Work Environment, very structured processess.
Nice Work Culture, Lots of challenging work
--Internal mobility is very easy and not restricted to India offices -- very informal environment
Great place to get things done
Wonderful Culture Access to all Upper management and open to suggestion Data Driven Approach Good Payscale
good company to work in
The benefits are okay (if you are a permanent worker). Amazon is going anywhere soon so there is some job security ( There are chances to progress and learn new skills, however most of them don't offer any extra pay. The amount of holiday hours i get per year is very good.
- Fantastic brand to have on CV - Opportunity to develop products/services that will be used by tens of millions of customers - Working with bright and capable colleages
The work place environment is employee friendly.
Fast growing company with potential
Employee get to choose their own office timings and as a part of Amazon your always running ahead with innovation
Competitive though meritocrat work environment. Fostered sound competition. Very open to new ideas and project, a lot of thins to do and improve. Amazing people, hiring the best.
1. Great minds to work with. 2. Great internal technologies to play with. 3. Competitive salary. 4. I really like the way everyone owns up the work he/she is doing  GREAT LEARNING ENVIRONMENT
vERY GOOD ENVIRONMENT, i almost worked there for 2 years
Brilliant coworkers to learn new things. Liberal policies which maintains work life balance. It is one of the best place to have an excellent work experience.
Interview is focused mostly on data structures and algorithms. Easy to beat if you're doing online coding for some months. Good thing about thing is that you get to meet so many smart people.
'Recruitment' process, via an agency, was incredibly easy. Nice co-workers.
- Everyday its day 1.You will face new challenges everyday to deal with and will get to learn alot - Huge margin of freedom in your work. You can explore many methods and ways to get your work done. - Lot of good people around you to help you out with your problem because that's how a company will grow.
Great people, expanding company, entrepreneurial company. Best company i've worked for
Well paid Genuinely cannot think of any more pros
Brings the customer to focus every time you sit and solve complex problems. Contains plethora of areas where software engineer can explore. Provides amazing leadership opportunities.
Very strong brand name, Amazon continues to innovate and its exciting to be part of a business that continues to grow quickly, and to be reinvesting in the business and releasing new products. I can honestly say that I have worked with the smartest people in my career at Amazon, which encourages me to raise my game. Strong leadership principles that provide clarity on how to get things done in the business.
great work environment, nice people
nice friendly environment, like there food meal coupons that they dont deduct from your salary but cannot encash
If you see a problem, no one is going to stop you from grabbing it and developing an improvement
- Not so bossy environment - Compensation benefits - Work culture - Shift timings - Good Transport facilty - Awesome ppl - Quarterly outings and yearly bash
Good environment to work in
Pay is good if you're in the right roles - Higher technical and management roles at least, some opportunity for travel in key roles. Share options aren't too bad.
it s a very good company
The day is never boring, people are nice, managers are helpful. Your colleagues are like your family away from home. A lot can be learnt at Amazon, they train you with dedication and the trainers are all well certified and very knowledgeable. There is growth opportunities if you are doing well/really well.
Best place for learning, strongly recommend to the people who wanted to learn design and implementation of system.
Learning experience was osm as it was expanding in India, got ample opportunity to work in different project
You will get a chance to work with some of the best minds in the industry, A high-pressure environment where raising your bar is a constant ask all the time, Extremely customer focused,
Amazon is an astonishing place to work. Highly meritocratic, with enormous weight given to KPIs and metrics, and letting data guide your way. The high hiring bar means that you'll genuinely be working with the smartest people around - I spent the first year trying not to be the dumbest guy in the room. The green field thinking is awesome - you can approach problems without constraints. The leadership principles are also superb - they work, because Amazon uses them to guide and steer every part of the company, from hiring, to making strategic decisions, to resolving point issues - that makes them very, very powerful as a way to align an entire company. I also got to work with some of the best SVP/management talent in the world.
Amazon is an astonishing place to work. Highly meritocratic, with enormous weight given to KPIs and metrics, and letting data guide your way. The high hiring bar means that you'll genuinely be working with the smartest people around - I spent the first year trying not to be the dumbest guy in the room. The green field thinking is awesome - you can approach problems without constraints. The leadership principles are also superb - they work, because Amazon uses them to guide and steer every part of the company, from hiring, to making strategic decisions, to resolving point issues - that makes them very, very powerful as a way to align an entire company. I also got to work with some of the best SVP/management talent in the world.
very entrepreneur type set up , high level of ownership
good pay. Lots of walking
Sharp learning curve, awesome colleagues, path breaking projects, tremendous exposure, adds a lot of value to the cv
Experience, learning, brand, compensation, growth
Learn new stuff. If you go to good team and work under a good manager you are lucky.
Work life balance and importance given to the employees
The work env is too good.
Cool projects, great learnings. You will have chances to work with lot of teams, work on a lot of data. Really good if you are interested in a career of business analysis.
best package and career growth with good work environment
Company is growing at breakneck speed. That is all.
pay masters, they believe in work life balance, flexible working hours
- several businesses are industry-leading and will continue to do well (Amazon retail, AWS, Kindle) - internal developer tools and expertise is still a great asset
A bit of learning... thats it.
Incredible use of technology to monitor by the hour productivity and product movement! New attentions to Ergonomics and Automation definite steps forward for a globally competitive company.
Working for Amazon really allows you to get in touch with smart people, interesting technology, and for a beginner in people management, like me, helps you grow a lot.
Good pay. Thats it, if you work the whole 40, (sometimes 50) you can get good pay, but considering the amount you have to walk and stand, minimum rate is not enough.
The place is very comfortable and the training as the effective work is very good. The wage is good.
Best salary for freshers. Happy workplace.
Offers telecommuting. Slackers aren't tolerated.
Offers telecommuting. Slackers aren't tolerated.
salary,sodexo coupons.,cab facility,Ac,restrooms,this is too much.
Great place to work at if you are looking at rapidly improving your knowledge base. Very fast paced and dynamic work environment which keeps you on your toes all the time and ensures you deliver. Most of them on the business side are extremely intelligent and grounded people who are quite approachable and humble.
-good compensation - good relocation process -cab facility - food facility
You learn a lot in short time.
Benefits is much better than average company in Japan, freedom on shift and easy of taking vacation is really attractive. Lots of genius along the way.
Shift Timings.... Company is Employee support Oriented... They give preference to Employees concern also if it is really valuable they will implement...
Good salary but no bonuses
1. Compensation - Amazon pays you adequately 2. Brand Value - Amazon alumni are going places 3. Smart people - You are working with some of the brightest.
Liberal rules and quite work environment.
Learned a lot of useful skills
-Good pay -Cab facility for all departments at all levels -Very much concerned about employees -Good management at all levels -Work hard, have fun, make history-apt tagline -Recognition of hard work -Many leaves -Good HR policies -Lot of opportunities for internal movement. -Appraisal system is okay. Neither too good nor too bad -Work life balance is too good.
Leaders are obsessed about long term view point. Employees have tremendous ownership and function pretty much independently. Flat hierarchy - therefore access to folks - both upstream and downstream is easy. Company likes to experiment and failure is appreciated as a great learning platform.
Highly paid, you will be given good training in other skills
Its great place to work! It works for me
Salary No dress code Incentives Fun environment Paid overtime Cab facility Shift rotation Friendly HR policy Goals can be reached quickly ( Targets )
get learn about background checks while ordering online
Amazon has one of the best working cultures
You are paid 14$/hour. Managers and supervisors are supposed to help you according to Amazon leadership principles. Very good benefits including vision, dental, podiatrist, chiropractor etc
Job freedom is good and employee friendly evironment
Job freedom is good and employee friendly evironment
you get exercise. Also the pay isn't all bad
Good work environment, whatever you do achieve your target at the end of the day. Culture is very friendly and fun to work. Benefits are goods with insurance and accident benefits.
Good salary, Talented people around, Flexible
Person are nice. good location.
Employees are allowed to do what they want.
Pays competitively Good chances for growth Incredible team
Business model and top level vision. Winning and international environment. Strong culture for excellence, analytics, action and results, giving autonomy and material operational responsibilities quickly. High level of systems and processes. Very smart people and engagement levels of the teams. Ability to challenge status quo and constantly re-invent to improve. Learning and self development across all leadership, management and business operational areas. Fast pace and reactivity, capability to quickly correct course of actions to restore performance. International career opportunities (provided individual flexibility, mobility and acceptance of below par compensation though).
nice place to work and enjoy
Lots of learning and flexibility
Work really hard & contribute max to the company - Your contributions will not be taken into account for business impact but, you might be promoted very quickly. Leadership doesn't care about the business impact, all they care about is their targets & junk data analysis.
I learned a lot. Amazon employs some very smart people who've done good work solving some very hard problems. If you want to know about scaling, look no further.  There's no question that having Amazon on your CV is good for your career.
For all those who are aspiring to join Amazon and those who are newly joined, these are my advices. Please don't get overawed by the facilities they offer like AC cabs, beverages, food coupens, laptops, water bottles, goodies etc. These are certain things which your previous organizations might not have offered you. But there will come a stage where you will realize that these were offered to you so that you think great about the company and work really really hard and sincere forgetting your personal life completely. And if you don't have an understanding life partner he or she might even divorce you, for you will be glued to your laptop always.
You will have enough opportunities to learn and improve your skills
Good work-life balance and great work encironment
If work is the most important thing to you right now, Amazon UK is a good place to do it. Incredibly fast pace of growth means a large amount of varied and interesting projects to take responsibility in with equally driven people. However you'll be expected to juggle this alongside your day-to-day role with no impact on your category deliverables, hence the need to be able to absolutely dedicate yourself to the job if you want to get anywhere and not have a breakdown. You will give up plenty of evenings and weekends if you intend to be there for a few years.  Promotion can be achieved but you need to be political - identify tools or fixes that will improve most categories, figure out a scalable way to deliver them and start shouting about them. Peer reviews and cross-category influence are key to progression whatever level you're at. True of every company to an extent, but you'll quickly see how Amazon takes that and everything else to the nth degree.
good package and i suggest it to every fresher to try for it and get selected and if selected they provide high salary and very good incentives
There are none, it all seems great if you can get through the tough interview process but trust me you don't want to work for them.
Initial Salary Smart people who had joined earlier.
1) Learning: Working under pressure will let you lean a lot of stuff. 2) Corporate experience: You will have a corporate experience and how it works. But you will swear after not to work in any corporate again.
1) Learning: Working under pressure will let you lean a lot of stuff. 2) Corporate experience: You will have a corporate experience and how it works. But you will swear after not to work in any corporate again.
Challenging projects. great people to work with.
Work with people with amazing backgrounds Learn from a variety of businesses (E-commerce, Digital content, Logistics, etc) Young and fun coworkers, easy to make friends with Dynamic and fast moving environment Customer-focused and data-driven
Decent pay for the work that is involved... Plenty of help from certain other people when needed... Good lead who is always fair and listens to individuals cercumstances
No major restrictions in working environment
Work Culture, Customer Centricity, Innovations, facilities at office, fair work policy, flat organizational structure, independence at work and taking decisions
great processes yet entrepreneurial. very smart people and a great hiring filter. good brand name to have on resume. amazon also offers a lot of different areas where one can try their hand from web services to retail to the kindle platform.
- Great work environment. - Good pay. - Overtime pay.
You will meet some of the brightest people here who are genuinely interested in technology and getting things done.  Truly a place where some of the cutting edge technologies are being developed every day.
A lot of opportunities to learn. Working on large projects with millions of users. Nice concepts in internal tools (build system, versioning, software dependencies management, continuous deployment, deployment on development & production hosts). Possibility to work for other teams if you want to change. Compensation is good (but no perks). Working at Amazon(/Apple/Facebook/Google) is a good experience.
new things to learn,competitive environment
growth company Challenges - new./interesting stuff Customers Team - nice people, hard working
Career growth, experience working at a large successful company.
Amazon is a brand name, it will help you to get a nice job after quitting
Great company work is always fun here
Gives you hands on experience in developing business initiatives, people back you with your ideas, almost function like an entrepreneur
- Great place to learn new technologies. - Team was close, and banded together against unrealistic expectations - Generous starting pay package
Relaxed atmosphere, no dress code Generous benefits (stock plan, private health insurance, private pension, public transport reimbursement...) Very easy to take holidays with almost no notice, good work-life balance Good management structure with weekly one-on-one manager-employee meetings Good opportunities to move roles within Amazon and to gain new skills in areas that were previously completely foreign to you Permanently growing business going from strength to strength and regular excellent innovations
Great place to build experience develop quickly
good environment to work with
The policies are really nice. Very transparent. And yeah full freedom at work place. The people around are always nice and are technically best in class.
Employee will have lot of responsibilities and ownership. People can gain lot of exposure and can directly interact with senior principal engineers. No timings, No dress code and No formalities. Friendly and start-up kind of atmosphere.
If you love technology. If you want to learn and learn, want to take individual responsibility and ownership.
Agressive go getter work culture. Good growth oppurtunties. Good Brand name to be associatd with
good infrastructure and amzing work culture and good place to work
Supportive colleagues and a very friendly work atmosphere , huge opportunities to take ownership of projects, Innovative ideas are recognized and rewarded by the management..
Generally good managers and team leaders with regular reviews and feedback on performance. Multicultural and relaxed environment. Very close relationship with HQ, Seattle which guarantees a better control over quality of work and competency of new hires. Great trainers.
1) Good Work 2) Flexible working hours 3) A culture that promotes efficiency 4) A lot to learn among the best in the industry 5) Fast paced
Good relaxed environment, Well laid out HR policies,
Access to excellent engineering minds, start-up atmosphere, work from home, pay, benefits, stock options, internal transfer  You will be more successful if you start off as an engineer here.
Access to excellent engineering minds, start-up atmosphere, work from home, pay, benefits, stock options, internal transfer  You will be more successful if you start off as an engineer here.
Plenty of opportunities to obtain leadership experience Great people around. I have found my personal growth to be immensely satisfying. Senior management is very helpful in terms of mentoring.
Amazing environment, infrastructure and a good company.
Super talented people, great amount of opportunities to learn
Great work culture, no ego problems
the best thing about amazon is flexibility to work and obviously the perks.
Brand value of the company which may help next of life in the industry..
freedom of holidays good dev fundations
cab pick and drop and the cafeteria ,wifi , no dress code.
Highly paid , respected and you will be given a level which you suit for , you will be encouraged to give good creative ideas for the development of the company , work-life balance depends on the position you are in.
Great place to learn. Working with the best in the industry
Good business future, good infrastrcture for developer.
1. Complete ownership of the product 2. Good Leadership principles, which if you follow can achieve many things 3. Good pay 4. Can learn so much about Software Development, architecture and processes 5. Great freedom at work. No Rules and regulations
culture, projects, pay, benefits, talented people
Work life balance & fair wage for job expectations
Coolest work culture with all the corporate amenities.
Excellent working environment Flexible timings and will have a chance of changing our timings in urgency Good perks
The people are fantastic - the recruitment process ensures you'll get excellent, technically skilled, challenging colleagues. The technology is brilliant - Amazon as a whole really leads with the standard of internal technology. Working in the Glasshouse means you're working on Amazon Instant Video, which is a very sexy (and interesting) product.
Learnings Innovation Excitement The company will give you great opportunities to own up new things especially if you are on a senior role.
Amazon was created by the visionary Jeff Bezos. Thank you for the brand name you created. That is the only pro.
Flexible in terms of the kind of work you want to do, team change , work timings etc Leadership principles are great. If you really follow them , you tend to really improve overall Ownership, accountability and responsibility is huge but it actually gives you a 'proud' or a 'wow' moment. You are trusted and given all necessary freedom to demonstrate your skills.
Product breadth, opportunity to develop and learn is huge. You can work in whatever you are interested in. There is a great website. Then there are high performance/scale services which are core part of business. Then there is AWS, hardware, kindle and the list goes on. It's generally easy to switch teams and moving to other roles is encouraged. Mostly smart people around. Compensation is competitive and great potential of stock is a silver-lining on the top of that. Just loving the company and work.
There are great opportunities and the scale at which Amazon operates is amazing.
Fast pace, leading company in the field. Fantastic focus on customers. Good opportunities for promotion due to company's rapid expansion.
Lots of projects to work on, they will give you lots of exposure to different things, never boring. Some very bright people work there. Everything changes quickly and you are expected to stay on top of it all. Peak is as busy as you have heard.
Really good training provided. Lots of opportunities for advancement. Regular work nights out and themed days. Team Leaders are really helpful and friendly, and the support system for new staff is great.
* You will learn at an accelerated pace - I learnt more in 18 months than I would have gained in years elsewhere. * In general the other employees are a great bunch of people
complete ownership, work culture is good
The company is very dynamic, many oportunities constantly
- Package: good salary, RSUs - I learned a lot - Looks good on your CV (very selective & successful) - Brand awareness (clients)
- Package: good salary, RSUs - I learned a lot - Looks good on your CV (very selective & successful) - Brand awareness (clients)
Benefits and salary are on average level, office is located in a good area of the city, it's only good for fresh graduates
1. Brilliant People 2. Get to work on projects/product with large scale impact 3. The brand name in industry is good
Ok salary with shares. Nice colleagues.
Good technology, amazing brand for your CV
Relatively good software development practices
Small and very dynamic teams. Teams can have really good independence. Ability to control your own destiny (most of the time).
The people, I've come across a lot of good engineers here most of them are quite talented and there is a lot of scope to learn from those people. This is especially true for people who are out of campus or have little industry experience.  You have the option of working from home.
All of the below only applies to FT contracts. - If like me you're on one of the more active duties (picking or stores) you get plenty of excercise. - Good bonuses for full time. - Online discount - Opportunities for promotion and changing jobs. - Good co workers for the most part (where I worked anyway)
The pay you get at amazon is pretty great, the benefits of having worked their for your resume are very. very good
Process driven, focused, great peers, you will learn new things every week, very customer focused company.
A place where you can build your career at very prior stage. Good to have on your CV, New products new opportunities, new ideas. management team is good to work with.
Technology we deal with are amazing.Things we do have a great impact on the customers and this gives a satisfaction(There is no point if you do implement something great but nobody uses it). Co-workers here are really amazing, they have sound knowledge about the stuffs they deal with. This also makes you active all time, solving new interesting and challenging problems
you get thrower in cold water and need to learn swimming very fast fast paced
no dress code, free environment, free cab, free refreshment
- international environnent - strong work ethic - great learning "school" for juniors / beginners - free in-house trainings and other compensation ( monthly lunch vouchers, refunded transportation, free coffee in offices, etc.)
it has a best environment
Your mates are very excellent. You can learn a lot from them. Open. Most of the information are open to all developer inside company.
Great work atmosphere get to know lot of thinks and on how to work with multi-culture people.
Good and challenging work environment. Everyday a new learning a new experience (Conditions apply)
Good salary. Other than that I dont see much of pros in the company.
Salary, training, career growth, great work culture.
Pay is good in comparison and the benefits after a certain level is also very appealing. Lots of learning happens as the company is growing at a rapid pace. The employee review process is very good.
no dress code , good benefits , free cab , no work pressure .
Great peers and senior. People really try to develop the best product. Bottom up company where individual opinion no matter from where it comes matters. Startup culture , high quality engineering.
flat org. no hierarchy. employee benefits & comfortable work environment. You can learn and grow if you put in efforts.
High comp Low challenges Good work environment
Scale makes problems challenging. Improves meticulousness. Smart peoples are around.
Very smart people to work with
You are not unemployed (even if at times you wish you were) and you can meet people from all over Europe. I cannot think to anything else, really.
You learn a lot within a very short time span. Every employee is considered as a leader. Smart co-workers, awesome technologies and much more
Great learning opportunities. They prefer to recruit internally, so once you're in, it is possible to take your career to the next step. Virtually everyone you come across outside of work is an Amazon customer, usually a happy one - it is true that the level of customer service is something to feel proud of.
Best place to work. Co-workers are very helpful.
flexible work environment, lot of benefits like free cab
good working environment, healthy management
+ Fast pace + Challenging work + Great people
Good environment to work . Nice goodies and team outings
Satisfactory experience in this company.
- Amazon sets you huge challenges every day, and builds teams that ensure you can meet them. Working with the very best means that you can achieve some incredible things - Informal culture, your opinion is as valid and as respected as a Director or VP's - Incredible rigor and high standards. It improves your A-game every day - The company's change, growth and innovation means that it is hard to get stale
good environment to work in, wonderful colleagues
- Amazon sets you huge challenges every day, and builds teams that ensure you can meet them. Working with the very best means that you can achieve some incredible things - Informal culture, your opinion is as valid and as respected as a Director or VP's - Incredible rigor and high standards. It improves your A-game every day - The company's change, growth and innovation means that it is hard to get stale
Gives good exposure to large scale business and operations. decent pay.
1. You will get experience from the top cloud computing company out there, it's months ahead of the competition (Microsoft are catching up) 2. Most customer centric company I've ever worked for 3. You will learn where technology is headed for the next 10+ years 4. This job will set you up for your next job - Most sales people leave after 18-24 months, many employees actually call it a "Cloud MBA" since it will open up many opportunities after your initial 12 months there. 5. Getting a meeting with new customers is a lot easier than any other company I've worked for (people really do love the Amazon brand)
The company leer you by offering above average pay for management level. Base pay is not above average but they do offer higher than normal signing bonus meant to keep you engaged for two years.
Its the atmosphere, the team work.
The high employment bar means you will work with wonderful people. There is no dearth of good work either. If you start enjoying this atmosphere, you will grow and grow.
Development is quick if you are motivated
All is well. Its high time the company also starts focusing on providing training to people who wants to internally grow than just expecting people to learn everything on their own.
If your fit it will keep you fit ....
they pay you a good salary
best learning environment, awesome infrastructure and framework. For geeks and techies and people into core development.
Trains one in various tools that one would work in. Rewards for the extra hours you put in. Good place with a lot of employees fresh graduates.
Wonderful Salary and other benefits
Great pay, benefits, co-workers, atmosphere, office, every single thing
Innovation is constant, great customer loyalty to Amazon. Opportunity to work on Technology that is bleeding edge. Market leader in IaaS
Good Software Engineering processes. You will learn a lot while working at Amazon that will be useful for the rest of your career.  Smart people working there.
People are very helpful. If you do your work and follow safety you are left alone (no boss looking. over your shoulder). Very good health benefits for you and your family. Three day weekend
*Great Management *Flexibility of work *Work environment is Competitive *Productive Teams
It is a very nice technology company . The learning and the technologies adopted are very nice and the company has a good vision.
Challenging Work, Latest Technology, Focus on Customer
Good work -life balance Great learning opportunity
good company, reasonable salary, good environment.
There is a lot to learn : Amazon uses a lot of new technologies in its code base. You will get to learn a lot of things. Good compensation Flexible working hours : The working hours is flexible as long as you do your job. A very high brand value.
Nice company to work, Lot of new things to learn. Challenging work. Amazon pays good. Facilities are good.
flat organization structure, open-door policy for everyone: from associate to site manager. Excellent learning opportunities. Management is very supportive and encourages creative process/business solutions from all employees.
fun,good values,good peers,nice office,salary nice
comfortable working environment and professional colleague
Knowledgeable co-workers from whom one can learn a lot. Develop a big-picture view of the business which is invaluable towards one's growth as a software developer. Competitive pay and time-off. Cab pikc-up and drop is very helpful. Flexible working hours as well as work-from-home a couple of times a month (depending on manager). Apparently easy to explore other teams after clocking in an year with a team.
Salary & benefits are excellent.
the atmosphere was nice. I just appeared for the interview
Best technology, people practices, compensation, office atmosphere. the interview and on boarding process is very methodical and exhaustive. good sign-on bonuses. Great reputation, after working here your brand value in the professional market will boost up tremendously. Fantastic place brimming with high achievers and lot of peer-to -peer learning opportunities. cutting edge professional pactices.
Good working environment. Each Friday is fun friday
Fast-paced and exciting. You're given a lot of responsibility from day 1. Very smart and motivated people. Only over-performers succeed. Corporate values are very strong and are a key in the success of the company. All decisions are made taking customers in mind.
Good company ,nice culture. make history and have fun.
i have a great work culture
good work environment, flexible shift timings
Freedom to work Filled with opportunities Flexibility and no strict hierarchies to follow
1. Awesome work culture. 2. You get paid for every work you do. 3. You will be working with best. 4. No dress code, Perks, Cabs, and many other stuff.
People are so good to work with. The environment makes you feel like you are at home. Work is pretty easy. Managers are friendly.
compensation, office culture, time 0ff policies
Opportunity to do Exciting work here.
- I could quit and had no ties to the company after 4yrs  *** PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE avoid this place. The shares aren't worth is, the career progression is non-existent, the relocation packages and sign on bonuses are TRAPS***
A great opportunity to work with talented, friendly folks tackling some very big problems of scale. Not many jobs present you with so many opportunities to invent and fix things. Working with a mature toolset in a stimulating environment presents a great platform from which to learn and grow.
Lot to learn here for everyone
industry leading products and services available
Intelligent peers to work with. Amazon is famous to grill its interviewees to get the best of the best in its employee pool. If the name sits on your resume, then it sort of shows that you have a lot of talent and endurance at the same time. and that's about it.
not bad pay, US company culture
Brand Value of the company
"Work hard, have fun, make history", most of the times, it's true. Lot's of opportunities to learn and move to different roles if you try it (hard). Goal focused and data driven company.
Get a lot of exposure to owning the entire solution.
Get to impact a lot of customers on a regular basis, work with smart people, solve complex issues.
Good Salary and facilities to employees
Great place to work as a fresher Lots of new stuffs/technologies to learn. Fast growth. Good packages with benefits+ bonus
good salary good work place environment .Good flexibility regarding work from home and other benefits.good work life balance can be guaranteed.
offers excellent professional growth in different verticals.
* Very strong focus on the customer (great but can be frustrating at times). * Great business model and everyone knows the brand. * Flat structure, no micromanaging / you are given a lot of ownership. * Reasonable pay (esp. given the work you are doing - see below) * Opportunity to cycle roles / departments every 18-24 months to keep developing / learning.
Amazon is one of those places where execution on business centric goals is valued above all else. These goals are driven by the benefit that they drive to customers. Watching how your work impacts millions of customers is a tremendous ego boost.  The culture and the formula for success and growth in the organization is very well etched out in crisply defined leadership principals.
There will be no work pressure at Amazon, just work, have fun and make history.
Lack of politics. Best place to learn business writing and data analysis...
Never boring, fast paced, challengin
Never boring, fast paced, challengin
Its amazing to work with skilled people, you'll get great exposure.
Getting the opportunity to work with really bright people. Being given the space to build without micro-management. Getting to be the leader in the technology space.
Friendly culture Very Supportive, Motivational..Best place to start your career.
Great Exposure. Very good learning curve.
- Good talent pool - Decent salary
Great learning experience for customer service and organizational practices Fun and encouraging Lost of lateral transfer and cross-training opportunities
- Smart people around , so very competitive environment. - Instills values which they call "Leadership Principles" there are 14 of them and they try to hinge the company on those principles and those principles if adhered to focuses most on Customer-centricity and satisfaction , hence the company will keep doing well. - They make you feel special and instills a sense of pride for working in amazon. - Last but not the least very flexible process of migrating to US. Entry in Amazon for a good candidate is nowadays equivalent to visa to US with an excellent on-board compensation.
Very good work culture indeed
good pay, informal cool work culture
You learn the latest technologies, and how to scale for millions
Awesome place to be but sometimes gets too competitive. There are many teams with great work. All Talented people.
very professional work environment where you feel you are still in your college. Lot of happenings all around.
good working environment, good salary package
1. Wages are higher than the market average, 2. Having Amazon on a CV adds a significant prestige to a candidate.
visibility of work done, Work hard and have fun concept, one on one meetings
Great compensation and perks. great opportunities if you have the drive
Amazing Company, Best work culture, I love the policies placed for the customers and the lengths to which Amazon goes for its customers and delivers the orders for them. It will do anything to deliver the items to the customers and customer satisfaction is of the top priority to this company and it is indeed the Earth's most customer centric company.
A place where builder can build. Has unique opportunity to work on massive scale of system. High standard through out daily tasks. Good to have on your CV
Constant learning, fast paced, SDE-based company
it is a gaood experience
Good prospects for the new guys
Check out other reviews to find something good about Amazon or AWS. I hardly have any that is not stated in other reviews.
Always improving Ownership Fast-pace Employee development Career opportunities Fun Lots to learn
Leadership / Learning - too much of exposure to new ideas
everything seeems to be perfect. Not much idea about it. Please check other posts for reference =P =P
- There is no division between US/India team - Good pay - Lot of opportunities both internal and external
Oppurtunity to wok with great and talented people in a vibrant environment
Good work life balance, 39 leave in a year, free cabs, High Over time
Amazon is a place where you are allowed to explore, invent and simplify. you learn you grow, and you make an impact on millions of lives. If I look back at my 2 years with Amazon my learning curve is almost a vertical line and so is every one's. I love it here.
Amazon is a place where you are allowed to explore, invent and simplify. you learn you grow, and you make an impact on millions of lives. If I look back at my 2 years with Amazon my learning curve is almost a vertical line and so is every one's. I love it here.
Flexibility of the work schedules is the best part of the work. The work environment is pretty competitive and friendly, you would always like going to the office. Most of the managers are very friendly and like encouraging good work. The medical benefits provided are top notch.
Job stability You learn a lot Good work Good salary Nice people to work with You see the impact of your work You learn to do hard work Work culture is good Flexible timings
i came to know that i can fullfill my aims in this company
1. Exposure to E-commerce business, high scale applications and AWS technology(If most of the things are already built in your team, you may just get awareness of how the systems are working but no real hands on. New systems are mostly developed by senior members of the team) 2. Leadership principles which you can apply at any other workplace.
Good work place to work hard have fun and make history, friendly work stations
for start up its a good company
Dynamic Work Culture Efficient and effective Management Excellent work environment surrounded by talented colleagues
It's a great place for Innovation and people have ample scope of ownership
great opportunity to learn as you are surrounded by smart people. flexibility, openess and salary are other pros.
Very fast paced company, steep learning curve, opportunity to have your own baby projects if you are workaholic
Freedom to create and moves fast
- Good exposure for freshers and new joinees
Lot of learning for a short period. When you work with smart people and do twice as many projects as you would in the same time in other companies, you will of course learn a lot more.
Have chance to work with *some* talented people and huge knowledge base.
Employee empowerment, culture of continuous improvement visible in every aspect of the company, ample opportunities to improve the existing systems and processes. Power is in the data.
good pay and good job
The work culture is unique. It is hard to come by such a relaxed and flexible work culture in my location. The timings are again flexible. No hard and fast rules in this case. The company food is much better than what i've had else where. Last but not the least, the senior management is extremely approachable and friendly.
One gets to see lot of scalability issues & how to deal with that Amazon has huge catalog so one get to deal with bug data
1) Some good working colleagues in teams. 2) Good exposure to different aspects of technology.
The work you do at Amazon is always dynamic and you always have a fair chance to prove your skills and they are well recognized for. Also the work culture is fun and cool.
Amazon strives to be the most customer centric company and they are already going good in that direction. Software development is rapid, challenging and agile. You learn the best leadership principle and apply into your daily life at work. You learn to develop and design cool stuff
Senior Management, Culture, C&B, OO Design
competitive env for all of
Good employee policies, good transport facility , more learning opportunities.
You got to learn the best technology from them A lot of smart people inside the organization Huge office space, keep expanding and good to have its name on your CV Got free flow of beer in the office.
Nice work culture , flexibility to move within different disciplines , good salary
Good brand name for your CV Lots of intelligent, hard-working people High turnover means lots of opportunities to move around
-Amazon looks good on your CV.  -Office location is easily accessible and beautiful.  -Luxembourg is a wonderful country.
good work culture, speedy work,global operations to scale up, better opportunities.
Friendly environment, great mentors, easy to talk to senior management, good compensation, and great opportunity to develop technically in an industrial setting
nice to work in amazon and easy.
*Fast paced environment *Tons of experience and an opportunity to diversify by working on multiple technologies. *The sky is the limit, if you have an idea or a contribution to make - you can do so in an open environment.
Flexible hours and relatively good pay for the industry Leeway to come up with creative solutions to problems No block on speaking your mind. If you disagree with a policy or business approach, you're encouraged to criticise it if you have a better idea.
Employee friendly, Best place to learn.
Access to a lot of resources, really smart people who are eager to teach you, if your on the right team there is a lot of space for growth.
good Money and other perks
Autonomy and relative autonomy in European teams Pace of growth and innovation Opportunity to work internationally Do cool stuff!
promising,secure job,business trips, a huge variety of jobs.
Friendly Environment, Good work structure
good salary and amenities and lively work culture
Very good.good work culture. Good work
employee focused, creative environment and fun
The Shares and benefits you get are good if you stay 2 years and looks good on your CV. Nice to deal with customers and help them.
Opportunity of career, dynamic environment. The canteen service was ok. The day is busy and you never get bored.
Great responsibility since first day, lots of challenges, superb culture and awesome work environment. Work hard, have fun, make history!
Job opportunities are really good with options to move roles after you have been in your role for one year. Everyone smart and motivated
* Employee friendly work culture * Pleasant environment with good facilities * Good Compensation when compared to similar positions in other companies * Super cool Managers ( most of them!), very understanding and practical. * Motivated Employees all around
Space for innovation and learning . The nature of works keeps on changing and aswell the duties which makes one alert and tuned. Never gets boring! And casuals to work is kinda cool !
Good working culture, lot's of smart people, good office parties.
* Very fast-paced organization with abundant growth opportunity. Within less time, one would get to work on interesting technology, which might not be possible in other organization. * Working with Smart people and on cool projects * Happy feeling a developer when the code he developed, serves millions of customers of amazon.com
The name looks good on your CV
Best culture and environment is here
Good brand for your CV
Clear promotion process and Management is approachable for most issues.
- You are surrounded by smart and talented people - You have so much to learn - Free and open technology, you get to work on multiple technologies - Fast paced culture
Good salary , Cutting edge technology
Level Headed people to work with
Becoming comfortable/thriving in ambiguity, you will learn new definitions for customer obsession and frugality
Amazon is an amazing company - I haven't seen anything like it. It's a place where you're encouraged to "Think Big" while still having to focus on the details and deliver results. There are truly incredible people working here, and it's easy to reach across the organization and benefit from their knowledge. This is a company where displays of true ownership are rewarded. If you see a problem or an opportunity, don't wait for someone else to give you permission to look at it - go and see! Sure, you shouldn't go off for two weeks working on something new without telling anyone, but management is open to hearing about ideas about what needs to be done.  The Vancouver office is a "remote" office in that it's a few hours away from the corporate HQ in Seattle, but the culture here is very much Amazonian. The leadership principles are consistent across the company (although occasionally open to interpretation), and as we continue to grow the office feels more and more like a "1st class" Amazon office every day.  Amazon has had a bad reputation about operational load, but I can only speak to my own experience - the load is minimal. It is very rare that someone on my team gets paged because of an issue, and almost always that takes place during business time. Having the team handle operations, instead of sourcing it out to a dedicated support team, instills a strong quality ethic in the team and as a result the software is of much higher quality.
Amazon is an amazing company - I haven't seen anything like it. It's a place where you're encouraged to "Think Big" while still having to focus on the details and deliver results. There are truly incredible people working here, and it's easy to reach across the organization and benefit from their knowledge. This is a company where displays of true ownership are rewarded. If you see a problem or an opportunity, don't wait for someone else to give you permission to look at it - go and see! Sure, you shouldn't go off for two weeks working on something new without telling anyone, but management is open to hearing about ideas about what needs to be done.  The Vancouver office is a "remote" office in that it's a few hours away from the corporate HQ in Seattle, but the culture here is very much Amazonian. The leadership principles are consistent across the company (although occasionally open to interpretation), and as we continue to grow the office feels more and more like a "1st class" Amazon office every day.  Amazon has had a bad reputation about operational load, but I can only speak to my own experience - the load is minimal. It is very rare that someone on my team gets paged because of an issue, and almost always that takes place during business time. Having the team handle operations, instead of sourcing it out to a dedicated support team, instills a strong quality ethic in the team and as a result the software is of much higher quality.
Good package, Exposure to cutting edge technologies
Amazon India provides very good environment to work.
cutting edge technology, clear road map
fast paced env good collegues challenging problems
-- open and honest culture -- customer focused, bias for action -- chance to work with some really smart guys -- a lot of opportunities for career development for a SDE -- Intriguing projects
work at home is comfortable
A place with excellent work culture where wok-life balance is maintained, the day shift timings and office transport are real good. And all those trainings in different forms helps employees to advance in their skills
-Good pay -Smart people to work with
Nice atmosphere, good and qualified colleagues, and good principles. I get to work on interesting projects and to decide how to do them: from design to implementation, we do it all ourselves. Some teams work on exciting projects, others work on necessary projects. Less thrilling, but still huge amounts of data or money flows through our software, and it's gratifying to know we make a difference.
Very Good Place to work. Great People
Get to work with some real smart and focused people that you can learn from. Great opportunity if you work hard. Opportunity to travel if you work hard and are in a role where travel may be needed. Proud to work for such an innovative company.
You work with really smart people, and get to learn a lot. You get to make a great customer impact. You own a large part of what you develop, so you can be autonomous. You're paid really well.
Good Pay, Very Dynamic Environment, Flexible Timings, WFH, Awesome Location, Good Facilities
1. High Quality work 2. Freedom of execution 3. Great team mates
The working culture was good . The quality management is taught really good
Best place for people who are intelligent, creative and independent Awesome work culture with a great amount of freedom and flexibility Fun-filled, peaceful and motivating environment, especially for focused people Attractive salary, perks and Air-conditioned cab facilities Lavish 24 x 7 pantry facilities with lot of free and delicious beverages Excellent Cafeteria with very hygienic and yummy food
Employee Friendly Has Good opportunities Good Growth
Good infrastructure and Friendly environment
The best part about working at Amazon is the enormous opportunity to grow purely based on your performance and work. Also, it is a fast moving culture and you have to do everything so fast that you are kept busy and challenging at all times.
Amazon has a great international presence and as such employs a vast variety of people. As a result, one meets and interacts with people from myriad backgrounds and nationalities, one gets to travel and experience this multi-national flavour.  The company has a very rigorous attitude towards software development. There is a well-established discipline of testing and deployment. Amazonians are very particular about how every feature/upgrade effects the customer, whether internal or external.  As a hard core technology company, it uses state-of-the-art technologies and provides various opportunities in various aspects of software engineering. The company also provides internal training if one wishes to learn some new technology.
friendly people, fun place to work.
I can't think of any. This company was probably the worst I have ever worked at. Sickness and misery were everywhere.
Amazon gives everyone a chance. They're a cheap employer (codeword: frugal), and treat their people like cogs in the machinery (no, really - codeword: fungible) but at least they haven't developed an elitist culture. On the contrary, they do promote from within - if you play by the rules you can really work your way up like in few other places, and that's great, but if you take that route you'll be paid less than your peers coming from the outside or if you climb the ladder too high, you'll be under enormous pressure to deliver and/or at a constant risk of downgrade during next performance review.  Amazon is a place where scale happens and the law of large numbers applies, it's a big plus if you're into that sort of thing. There are good chances you'll find sharp people on your team, but if they're really good, they won't stay too long!
1. good benefits 2. Flexible working hours 3. good number of holidays
Good Salary, Good exposure to various technologies
great work culture, flexible timings, horizontal movement
Flexibility, Contact with clients, Dynamic
Have been working for more than 3 years now. Good personal and work life balance. Some of the folks are extremely good and co-operative.
Very fast moving as compared to other companies of similar size Focus on customer - Everything starts from there which is great as it imbibes the philosophy in you Data driven - You soon find out that data makes decisions easier and your approach more convincing Chance to work on really hard customer problems - As a PM, thats what you want and you will get it here. Most of the problems have direct customer impact and thus your solutions will lead to huge business impact. Not true for any other PM openings in India.
Really good work environment . excellent pay
Great work Great to learn
Lot of lady manager in Amazon which spoils work culture , not understanding pain points.  Stupid guys are given promotion as manager ,who does not have manager skills.  Its related to chennai
A great company to work with
No dress code...easy going....Good work culture
It was a friendly place to work. They were open to feedback most of the times. The work culture was good.
Employee benefits and a great working envyroment
Cool and nice place, good growth prospects
Informal work culture - Freedom to roam about the building, casual wear to work, can listen to music while working. ( with headphones of course)  Cab faciity
Good salary and flexible work time. A good workspace if you are interested in learning Amazon's production
Minimal, Good brand on your CV.
You have access to big knowledge database People around you really know stuff Outside companies KB access
good pay fun at work good work culture
Amazon has a good Brand name so your re-employement in future is possible.
You understand what really customer focus means. Gives you a chance to work on technically challenging jobs. Has really amazing people to work with. Gives you a chance to write high performance and availability code and understanding of working on applications running on large infrastructure.
Exposure to variety of different vendors and industry practices
1) Learn how to value customer and build products by starting with Customer. 2) Reasonable Pay. Not Competitive. 3) Flexible Timings.
Smart and intelligent people to work, New technologies to learn, Freedom in work
Flexibile timings No-one questions you
Opportunity to be part of something that is growing and the pace can be very exciting. Work with very smart people daily.
- Challenging work - Chance to work on latest technology. - No politics among co-workers. - Open communication - Best pay in market.
Good people, good policies, lots of stuff to learn
Culture Environment Style Peer Quality of Work
Provides good working environment to work at
so called brand - nothing else
great work.. smart people around.
great ambiance, good scope of work
High hiring standards mean you will be surrounded with smart people. Easy to transfer to other jobs inside the company. Good stepping stone as a means to reach nerdvana ( Google, Facebook, Apple ).
Great workplace. You get to work with an international team that knows a lot about Marketing and Traffic initiatives.
Very well organized. You will get to work with alot of smart & highly talented people around. Pay is good and work is well balanced.
A lot to learn for freshers
High Stock and Bonus Incentives, No Dress Code, Flexible work timings, Dog Friendly buildings, Intelligent Peers, Open Door Policy, Minimum Bureaucracy
Great work culture Very Direct and no politicking Customer Obsessed
Great tech company. Great people . Good leadership principles you imbibe if one is willing to.
Good salary, good people, good tea, nice building, good laptop, good vpn, good IT team, nice view from the 16th+ floor
Nice and friendly work atmosphere. Great office (WTC Bangalore) Free pickup and drop (where-ever you put up in bangalore) Decent compensation for over-timers
Great Management Great Work One of the finest set of mind - best peers to work with
Exposure to MNC / global culture - fast paced environment - Good for Freshers to start career No dress code 'Customer is always right' policy
Tbh I really cannot say much here, the 10% off was a pro.
Everyone who works here is very bright and driven so you never need to carry anyone - they'd get fired long before that Career progression - you can move around easily and change job functions which offers a lot of opportunity Customer focus - they genuinely put the customer first which is rare for a company this size
Everyone who works here is very bright and driven so you never need to carry anyone - they'd get fired long before that Career progression - you can move around easily and change job functions which offers a lot of opportunity Customer focus - they genuinely put the customer first which is rare for a company this size
Pays best in industry, Very Flexible, Good Environment, Excellent Benefits, smart work
a lot to learn and grow
work culture, support from management, facilities.
Challenging but you can learn Amazon policy.
Nothing to say .. rather leave it blank
Culture, Core Values, Equal Opprtunity
energetic and enthusiastic people, lot of things to learn..
gr8 crowd, Ownership given for tasks
Customer obsession, Work ethics, Employee benefits
Fun place to work Lots of other responcibility and freedom
Good way to start, if you have limited education
The people and the environment
the best and unique cloud service in the world
Learn about web operations and customer centric organization. Teams are self-organized.
Good emphasis on Coding and Designing of a application.
You will meet a lot smart people, I'm not saying you will benefit from that. You will have a job and get paid, and have on your CV you worked for a "giant" (a fallen one in my eyes) like Amazon.
Cordial team mates, regular training and skill enhancement sessions and good global exposure. Good infrastructure and a fun working environment.
working with smart ppl -good compensation
Challenging environment to work. Career growth
Use your time wisely to gain experience using the growing range of AWS services to help you move onto another job.
Progressive, challenging, driven, fast growing
Good salary and work ..Good but could be better. Its a really good company to start up with as there is so much learning
Opportunities to grow are good
You have to face the pressure at times when needed and you will get benefited for that. If you have stuff definitely you can grow very quick irrespective of exp unlike other companies.
Co workers, I felt bad for some of them the way they were treated. Jeff Bezos, you suck.
nice place to work, manageable salary....
Employees are very energetic in carrying out the work. The operation is smooth without blaming games across colleagues.
Less bindings and tracking by managers
Great enthusiasm to succeed and get problems solved. Highly intellectual people to work with and really helpful team mates.
Intellectually stimulating work, smart people, innovative environment
Good work, good work environment
You will get 5 years of IT experience in only one year of employment. It is a fast-paced, highly-intellectual environment.
Awesome pay, Good work culture, no stress.
High hiring bar ensures smart teammates
Core values, work culture, training / mentoring
End to end ownership, leading a team from both a business and technical perspective, huge future growth potential
Great people, great facilities, fantastic work environment
- You get a good salary while joining - You got to work on high scalable and smart systems - Good blend of technologies and automated systems.
Competitive salary Smart people Nice offices in Clausen Efforts being made to raise sociability Employees are encouraged to be proactive and 'go and fix stuff' that can turn into interesting projects. A lot of trust is given to employees
Amazon requires a lot in terms of professionalism, and truly does have the customer's satisfaction at heart. You'll be working with some of the best engineers in the industry.
work experice you get is very good
Very Good, exciting work. Good direction from Bezos
Culture at Amazon. and everyday is a day 1
a lot to learn, ownership, less heirarchy
great name, good growth expectations
After working here, you won't find it hard to work anywhere else. 12 hours a day would look normal to you. Perfect place for workaholics.
Opportunity to work on interesting products and features within the company. There is no dearth of good work opportunities.
Great working environment with very approachable managers and an excellent training program prior to job start. Co-workers are are very like minded - indication that the hiring process is specific to the role and therefore successful
Greatk working environment. Very competitive salary.
* Amazing customer focus. I've worked for some top companies, and I've not seen customer focus like in Amazon. * Pays slightly better in cash than other similar companies, this comparison falls flat if you bring in other benefits into the picture (Amazon has nothing there) * If you like rapid changes and find excitement in firefighting, you'll like the work in most teams
You work with interesting people and the organizational structure is flat
* There is so much of opportunity to grow. * They let you make mistakes no matter how expensive or how many. * There is a person from every field to assist you. * Customer obsessed * Always want to simplify * very Frugal teaches you the value of money
Agility, learning fast changing environment
Smart People Everywhere Lots To Learn Open Culture
Smart and intelligent people. People willing to work. No politics as such. Leadership Principles. Individual Contributor. Transparent Processes
fast paced, innovative, entreprenurial culture
Good Growth Oppurtunities, A place to demonstrate leadership , Work From Home Option , Convenient Timings , Freedom of Speech
pay master, nothing more than that
Many new starters who think it`s great that they`ve got in through the doors of Amazon
High income, challenging problems, etc
employee centric company with all the benefits
quality of work is good
1> Lot of development work. Lot of technical challenges 2> You design, code, test, maintain your code 3> Everyone's opinion counts
This is such a dynamic company, young at heart and believes only in people who can work hard and want to learn...We are given opportunities to work on various projects on different platforms and technologies...you will never get bored of your work!!!
- Good Salary. Thats all. But you need to sacrifice many other things on the cost of that.
Work satisfaction, Fun @ work , Recreational activities
Good benefits and great salary
Full of intelligent people and good pay.
- Smart people, you will be surprised the time and effort the company invests in finding people - Decent pay, average of the industry set of competitors, could be better - Work smart, hard and long. As Jeff says, 2 of the 3 won't work :-) - Strong sense of accomplishment when work is done
Full of intelligent people and good pay.
Senior Management are always willing to listen to ideas. If it has any meat, you can approach senior leadership with a detailed analysis and it actually leads to actionable decisions.
No problem with leaves.Can take as many, with the consent of the manager Good pay and allowances Nice infrastructure
Do good stuff and learn
Many ppl here always feel free to share there ideas and suggest a lot of things
Good brand name to work for.
Task Based,Open Culture and no politics
- No politics - Encourage new ways of solving problem - Never compromise on standards
Surrounded by smart and nice coworkers
It was a good experience and got many opportunities to learn new things
Flexibility Good work culture Chances of growth Transportation
The pace is intense, the challenges huge and the work satisfying.
Amazon is a great place to learn from smart people, particularly at our remote development site. There's a lot of opportunity for motivated engineers to learn a lot about all aspects of software development and make a direct difference to the business.
Good work culture, great colleagues
As the motto goes, Fun along with work!
Everyone is very cooperative and helpful. You always see good moods among the fellow employees. I had the chance to make big friendships there.
Employees are empowered to make important decisions, it did not feel political, decisions acted on quickly and performance is measured objectively. Good career prospects
You're CTC might appear as a good number (read the offer doc carefully, even the employer PF goes from your CTC) Number of stocks (mostly you'll get it after 3 years - depends upon the employee) Lot of technical challenges (which is good for learning) Employees don't speak English, they'll speak in some programming languages :)
Good place to start your career right after college, Good job profile, smart co-workers.
One of the best work environment I could find here.
One of the best work environment I could find here.
1. Great leadership. 2. Awesome principles and strategy 3. Technical stack is the best in the market and top notch engineers 4. Love for technology and costumer obsession.
all facilities are der easily
Ease at work. No pressure. Rotational shifts that change 3-4 times a year.
Its a great company to work for. It will make you work harder unleasing your true potential and also recognises for the same.
gud salary has a better work culture than any other companies which boast about themselves. no dress code
Fast paced, start up feel, loads of work to do Very hands on evironment Cloud is the next big thing to be in!
For an engineer, not excited about the roller-coaster ride in a start-up, it cannot get any better than Amazon. You will get to work of technologies that need to scale to cater million if customer, and hundreds of million requests made by these customers. With AWS as backbone, and working with tons of in-house and open source technologies, you will gain invaluable experience, which ensure both technical and financial growth. The companies motto of being frugal and passing the saving to the customer will ensure you always come up with the right engineering solution to problem.
Package WITH CAVEATS: The stock is pretty decent for the first couple of years, then it overperforms and you're like totally screwed ("it's not our fault we did so well" cry the fat cats) Some people are really decent and they try super hard.
Lot of things to learn for a fresher, no micro management, good facilities,flexible timings.
experience, smart people, guinness in royal oak
good culture was tranperent and people were humble and seen mentors encouraging their peers to grow along with them
If you want to go for a tension free job this is it.
salary provided is at par
Learning and Development . Jobs satisfaction
great hours and pay, friendly workers too and great pay and chances to move up
Every day is a new day. Innovation happens everyday on the Job. You work with the best minds.
great product to work for great and passionate people to work with
awesome technology company at leading edge of cloud computing
-opportunity for growth -huge organization -motivating work atmosphere -focus on automation
- Smart people all around keeping you on toes. - Culture of thinking out of box. - Tough milestones to achieve promotions ... extracts the best out of the employees. - A transparent internal job transfer to suit an employee's choice.
Good Compensation Opportunity to work on great open source technologies Leadership Principles (only if you team believes in them) You can disagree with you manager
+ Flexible Office Hours + Good career growth + Excellent people around
good culture. freedom to make decisions. good opportunity for growh
A very strongly shared culture and ethos, great growth potential for the company and personally. A matrix organisation where you you can move between roles and teams based on merit and success rather than your CV.
Smart People and big business challenges
Amazon.com is a very solid company growing larger every day with a lot of potential for advancement and a long career. Very good benefits...
Continous change salary smart people you free organize your work no dress code
positive, better growth opportunity, great career prospect.
Get responsibility to drive decisions Never get bored - very fast paced
Employee friendly management. one can easily project their achievement and hard work without any hindrance
1> Competitive, Good Leadership, Good Place For Learning Ownership, Dedication. 2> One Can Learn To Improve Quality Of Work. 3> Cool Work Environment. 4> Fun During Work Time. 5> One Can Learn Well How To Deal With Issues, Challenges And Meet The Certain Targets.
Good compensation, excellent job role flexibility, smart people, lot of independence and ability to show ownership.
Creative environment, smart team-mates, exciting projects and challenges, autonomy
- Gives opportunity to experiment - Continuous operations team makes you to think the improvement every minute. -Promotions by large are driven by your direct contribution - entire company runs wit 14 amazon principle,
If you can stay long enough, restricted stock is a good benefit. Costs of health benefits are very reasonable Less company politics than most companies
Smart People Great work  The people hired are generally best in the industry and amiable to work with. You are also flexible to work from home once in a while.
Smart peers, Good pay, Freedom and ownership. Amazon had successfully found a formula to satisfy technical talents by including them as part of the business decision making process even though business and customers being the priority one.
good employer with good chances
1. Need to take ownership of code / service and ample opportunities to explore (depends greatly on the team) 2. Many smart people and lot of learning opportunities.
1. Good learning. 2. Knowledge gained for open source technologies. 3. Bulk and goog chunks of functionality to work on.
cool people around, great work going on
Good work, breadth of technologies & smart colleagues
Highly decentralized work environment - every team has its own culture. So pick the right team A very talented set of people to work with at that time
You get to work at latest technology, hard deadlines and face new challenges almost everyday.
- You get different things to work on everyday - You get to work on different technologies which you just hear from outside amazon. - You get Challenges that helps you grow and you get to chance always push your limit to reach new heights
Constantly challenging and fast paced means never being bored at work
Amazon is a great company to work for. I think the casual business environment really increases employee productivity - there is no judgment, you can throw on a pair of jeans and head to work so long as you are raising the bar. You are expected to be a go-getter, and be able to handle ambiguity. This company is meant for those who want to continuously be challenged and provide actionable insight.
Good Compensation Rapid growth potential Excellent promotional process- based on top performers, not politics RSUs (Restricted Stock) given to employees on a yearly basis
good people, benefits were good for the position
good people, benefits were good for the position
Lots of opportunities to learn but your growth depends a lot on the team you are hired to.
Great work environment, great people
safe job, good environment, best practices
Offers great continuous learning opportunities
Good pay, flexiable working hours, good management team
People are very nice and willing to help, small team (5-8 person/team)
Great work culture.. Managers are all hand picked to be good and coordinative
work environment , salary , title,no dress code ,no fixed timings .
Very Competitive !! also loads of scope to improve yourself here
Fantastic vibe, friendly with social amenities where work feels like play!
One of the best places to work for if you are a developer.
Learn about scalable systems Ownership of projects
You are seen as an expert from day 1. Expect to always have a plan and data to back it up.
Change the world, and have some fun while doing it
bright future, large community, and good infrastructure
innovation, flexibility, fast pace, salary
Work culture , Growth opportunists
Very Good company to start your carrier with.
High salary Good work Environment Good Flexibility Good benefits Good indipendance
good atmosphere full of fun activities Full of flexibility free transportation. good salary package nice infra only 6 months of work experience in amazon can be sufficient in order ti apply for IJP's
High salary Good work Environment Good Flexibility Good benefits Good indipendance
Great experience in leadership Open ended job....can really do what you want to. Good benefits
Very Good work environment , Work with good team with new Technology, Flexitimings
customer centric, fun work environment
Located in South Lake Union.
Carrer developement and compensation are good for new comers.
Currently working at Anazon in Cork. There is a great team there and great support from management. Good atmosphere in the office is very good and theres a real sense of being a part of the team.
Everything is comfortable and acceptable though not amazing in any way. The people coworkers are nice and friendly to an extent. The work can be exciting or not, depending on the project and what department you are in.
Extremely innovative. Great critical thinking here.
The company is growing to a mammoth size. Very huge presence in US and EU regions. The Company puts the 'Customer' before everything else
the work environment, the technology, the hierarchy , the individual independence
Smart people, opportunity to solve problems and have a global impact
gud management, gud career advancement
Salary Work Team is good
Pay is good as well as the benefits.
Smart people make you better, challenging, fast-paced
Working for Amazon is great for the CV and if you can manage to stick it out for a year you will feel that you have performed a miracle. Most people don't last that long. Amazon truly did have the smartest people I have ever worked with, sadly with very little 'social intelligence' or any life outside of work, no time to exercise, socialise, holiday... makes you wonder how smart they really are? Amazon's long strategy to be the worlds most customer centric company is great, but only if you are a shareholder or customer. Employees are chewed up, exhausted and spat out before being replaced with a fresh MBA grad with fat loan repayments to keep up & no exposure to working for a decent company who think that the way people in this company behave is normal - it is not.
Good exposure Good balance between work and personal life
great working environment. best benefits.
Innovation and hard work is recognized. Amazon will promote quickly and compensate well. The pace is unbelievably quick and makes good or timely communication next to impossible. The lack of communication is one of the company's weak points. The atmosphere of the company is mostly positive and encouraging. Personal and group recognition is common.
pay was not bad, work life balance very good.
-Talented people. Amazon has a lot of smart people. -New campus, so the buildings are clean and well-equipped. -Great cafeteria. I had the best work lunches I've ever had at Amazon.
Culture is really good and company provides you a good work environment.
Long term personal and profesional development in a fast paced international company
Homely atmosphere with friendly peers
It is a big company, lots of internal opportunities, lots of talented people were trapped in first and then treated poorly.
it has good global exposure,can learn much things
Salary and technical work nature makes it a good career start
Very safety conscious, employee oriented environment. If your looking for a fast paced continuous way of life on the job this is the place for you.
Work is nice, and pay is nice.
fast-paced with some of the brightest technical minds out there
Great pay (though there is better) Everyone is smart. You won't work with dumb people networking potential is amazing
Financial strength of the company. Salary is good and benefits are unbelievable
Very good company with no work pressure. You can enjoy doing job here.
Learn a lot from that place. There are lots of projects going on and can work with different teams and members.
They are a good brand ,who pay you well and also value your work , contribution to work rate is high .
moving fast, solving challenge problems, get chance to develop your own project
excellent work environment, challenging and highly dynamic.
its really cool place to work with amazon
its really cool place to work with amazon
nice work culture... and nice place 2 work
good money, alot prize give aways
THe people here are smart. You'd be wise to leverage their wisdom to get ahead. All in all its a great work experience where you get a lot of input and feedback from your peers. Also the work is quite interesting depending on where you work.
You get to work with some really smart people who know what they are talking about
Excellent culture that rewards performance High hiring Bar ensures that you are working with smart people at most times Diversity of business allows an individual to find opportunity to learn and grow within the company
Work environment is high pressure with lots of deliverables. Depending on the division you are part of, there are an incredible # of technology tools to get up to speed on.
Instant payments for your efforts.
Available resources, Multiple teams to interact and learn.
Huge good quality community. Good dev infrastructure , can spend more time in ideas and business specific coding
Great work environment and friendly nature among all. Good career growth. Performance based company.
Smart people, little bureaucracy, room to learn and grow.
Get to work on Large scale systems. Aggressive work culture to be on edge in the Market/Business.
Smart and helpful people. Good environment. There are a lot of interesting projects around, great exposure to many exciting area.
Very popular source for selling
- Great brand - Average plus salary - Amazon has built benchmark in ECommerce and other spaces as well. To reach that it has developed tonnes of great software, algorithms, etc. It is like a niche encyclopedia. If you want to learn then there is loads to read. - If you are really passionate then you can build great products. - Aggressive - Highly customer focused
Brilliant motivated people and challenging work.
Extravagant employee treatment w.r.t facilities and benefits and decent work culture
(... in no particular order)  - Extremely customer-centric. You'd feel like a humble servant of the millions of Amazon's customers. - A lot of innovation, cutting-edge and magical. - A lot of open source technology is used in Amazon, which can be useful later in your career. - A lot of proprietary technology, so that you know why the open source variant doesn't work. - Distributed systems, algorithms, SOA - not a lot of folks in the industry push the envelope like Amazon does, not even Google! - Dealing with scale, if you work for a group which has a lot of scale. - Rapid iterations. You don't sit idle. You ship code almost every week - You operate what you own. So you get to talk to customers/users, developers, QA, support and datacenter engineers. You are the KING! - The top 10% of this company are among the best in the industry. - Good compensation, at least in some locales - Internal transfers are really easy, especially when you've already proved your mettle. Probably to curtail the already high churn and attrition in the company.
Whether you are a college hire out of school for 2 months, or have industry experience for 10 years, you will have the same expectations and opportunities being in the Area Manager role. You will be challenged and encouraged to make decisions that lead to continuous improvement, take calculated risks, and lead your associates in whatever way you feel you can best relate to them. The company is growing so fast, there is no limit to how far you can advance your career in the company. You get out of this job what you put in, and it is a very rewarding experience to successfully lead a team of associates to providing a great customer experience for hundreds of thousands of customers every single shift, and that is just at your own fulfillment center.
flexible, lots of opportunities to learn and grow
great pay for a small town
The work environment is good. It is a growing company and have launched in India as well. The support to the process is ample and daily learning makes you outstanding. One shall work with the company as a beginner, if interested in serving the customers. The best part is that, the more understand the process and work hard. The chances of promoting to further levels would be quite easy. I love to be the part of Amazon for the days ahead too.
It is very interesting to work on it.
Exposure with the best minds of the field.
The benefits at Amazon are fabulous: Great health insurance almost completely paid for by the company, stock, 401K, monthly bonuses based on building success. Amazon is never boring for those in a role above that of Warehouse Associate or in a support role. Things are always changing to meet the needs of the customer and it is always challenging.
All the leadership principles are part of the Job. Without which you cannot get into Amazon or cannot perform in Amazon.
Amazing Culture, Fantastic Leadership and Opportunities. Excellent career growth options and paths, due to easy internal transfer.
Great brand name that is recognised globally, it's likely you'll work with some of the most driven and smart people you're likely to encounter. This in turn can rub off on you and enable you to raise your game, at a cost.
The biggest pro will be that you will not be working at an outsourced company. It would be directly for the company. So growth in to other areas of Amazon is a possibility. But it depends on performance.
Ownership, Responsibilities, Leadership qualities, quality of work, flexible office hours
You have full ownership and if you are a decision maker on all the stuff you work on, there is no time between getting a new idea and starting to work on it.
Very good growth opportunities if you know where to find out about opportunities, Employee-centric policies , Any escalations are taken care of very well.  An employee can get his view across easily.
Ownership, thinking from the customer perspective
Simply the best employment experience of my life
Very knowledgeable peers and support for innovation and invention.
Great Opportunities for Promotion Great work atmosphere Good pay package.
+ very fast moving + always long term thinking + solid business fundamentals + growing by the day + good salary for employees + good stock for employees
Pay, growth opportunities, work culture, no pressure at all.
Fast paced, Very ambitious, Always looking for innovation Great team environment Fast advancement if you do well Great benefits Focus on customer experience is phenomenal
Seriousness about Leadership Principles. Best in class peers.
the concept of ownership of every project to the individuals is very gr8 in amazon, its the best place to learn.
Amazon allows for changing the floor and systems around you. Nothing is sacred as long as safety and quality are not compromised , and the cost is kept cheap. It is a maturing company that is still not bogged down by corporate waste, and needless paperwork. They pay you very well.
Good Work culture and competitive compensation
- Dynamic, shorter build cycles, you will see what you built in prod - Smart people - Lot of learning
- A very good Learning Experience - Very good culture in terms of software organization. - Great hiring strategies and hiring culture, with its unique bar raising program it excels at hiring the best with minimum hassle. - You get a chance to work on very high visibility projects every once in a while. - Easy access to cloud technologies like S3 EC2 etc. - If you are a code explorer then the best place to be. - Foreign trips are frequent depending on what team and project you work on. - You get to learn the business point of view on everything. Hence helps in making future decisions - Very Good Package - Interaction with some very good people of the industry, may it be business or software. - Switch between managerial and software can be made easily within the system. - flexible timings. - Frugality & Customer obsession are two of the main things that has kept Amazon on the #1 position of eCommerce. You can be a part of this big change. - There are Principles on which everyone is evaluated. These principles are the core to Amazon and it is because of them amazon has scored a lot.
Good challenging work. Smart people around in team. Usually very less maintenance work. You can learn many technologies. Even distribution of work between Indian and US employees.
Flexible Shifts,Competitive Pay, Quick recognition if really talented
If you want to be with an American company and learn how E-commerce is being conducted (at different levels, AMZN AND partner level) then try. Of course there is a lot of American BS waiting for you, like "we hire only the greatest minds, self sacrifice for the greater good!, you want a pay raise? where is that 200% overperforming in your review?"
Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History
Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History
- Learn a lot - Decent salary
Great work environment with good people around. A steep learning curve for employees at all levels. Freedom to work in terms of hours as well as type of work. A lot of responsibility is given to employees.
good career growth good compensation chance to work on interesting problems on a daily basis
It is awesome fun and a fantastic learning experience at Amazon
Tons of opportunity to make a difference. Great brand name and great focus on customers and doing the right thing for customers.
High salary would be the very first thing :) work experience in amazon is an added advantage - your talent is already proven if you are into amazon(at least that is what the impression is! ,) )
You get to work with very smart people on interesting software projects at the largest scale which involves challenging problems often requiring inventing new techniques and technologies to solve them.
Processes are not very consistent.
My feedback is based on 3 months i have spent in the organization, but i believe intial couple of months provides you the future direction the organization is heading towards  1. Employee get the chance to drive their work. No micro managment by managers. 2. Very flexible in terms of timings to be at work. All that matters is getting the job done. 3. Decent pay compared to other players in the market, but they make you work for each rupee they give you 4. Fun to be at work place with very informal peers and managers. Looking at the person you can never judge if he/she is junior resource or senior. 5. Excellent monetary benefits like Sodexo, internet re-imbursement, Gym re-imbursement and home pickup and drop facility
Salary,they give a little bit more than the average because they know that otherwise people wouldn't waste their time and go elsewhere.
able to work freely with limited constraints. Truly able to develop one's skillset and understanding of the role in whatever way is best for the employee.
1. Work focused 2. Less of workplace politics 3. Great talents as peers 4. Friendly/informal atmosphere
a. Great work environment b. High quality individuals working in different teams c. Young crowd creating a great vibrant and competitive environment d. Daily its a new learning e. Every team is independent with India center emerging as one of the technology driving centers of Amazon outside Seattle
Fluid, challenging environment You have control to change whatever you see that can be improved Compensation if you are willing/able to stick around for it.
Open and live working environment, also developing rapidly
Amazon pays good salary and they give stocks to retain employees for longer periods
No pressure, strict in deadlines, lift up employees based on their skills, AC cabs
Good salary and location, excellent tech folks, GREAT business folks, cool products, kickass processes, Music brownbags with artists coming to play for you!
Great colleagues, exposure to the World class technology, Opportunity to grow
No work pressure in the company
Working at amazon is challenging as well as fun. You get to learn a lot as there are allways new projects coming up which give u new oppurtunities to explore more. the environment is very friendly n the facilities are really awesome.
Growth and true value for your efforts
great environment, towards coworkers, nice people, nice leadership team. They help you, they give you food sometimes and have nice parties when available. They have great company benefits.Very flexible when it comes to asking for leave of absence and stuff like that. They try to get out off the phones as many times as needed to avoid too much stress.
The good salary.. talented people.. lot of learning
* Employee Friendly Environment * Freedom to work on personal Projects * Horizontal Work Structure * Good Recognition of Work
Fast paced dynamic data driven company. Great ledership and accountability. Gives employee the ability to excell and impact the business.
If your willing to break your back and work long hours in a high pace environment then this job is for you. This is a PHYSICAL job. Your paid weekly every Friday and the pay is just.
- When they say customer centric they mean it. Most companies talk about the customer, but in the end its about how much you can make out of them. Amazon is a business but it believes so much in passing the savings to the customer. Every single senior leader cares deeply about any customer impacting issue. Its inspiring. - The best shine and get rewarded. You perform, you'll get attention, compensation, opportunities, you name it. They reward people who over-achieve. - Little politics. For a company this size, I'm amazed at how much a team environment it is. I would have expected different from a large corporate American company. Its not like that and you actually have to talk to your issues in front of your SVP. - Amazing people. Amazon is doing some ground-breaking stuff so naturally they have a lot of amazing people, but not just technically gifted. At Amazon, the soft skills are just as important as tech. So you get to work with people who you admire and look forward to working with every day. Its a team - Technology. Amazon is leading the way in Cloud-computing and across the rest of the company there are other really cool things happening. They have the scale only a handful of companies do. Its stuff you just don't get to see in other companies - Challenge. I doubt there is a company doing anything like Amazon is doing at the pace and scale they have. Every single day I get challenged. Its pretty amazing to go to a job every day thats not only interesting but helps continually grow you
Stress free environment with an amazing guidance made me one of the good performer in this company. Express our talent and stand high on the floor!
challening growth learning innovative tugh
Highly technical people. Focus on quality
A great place to work, good benefits, smart people, lots of opportunities for success. Had the chance to work on some really interesting projects. Generous stock packages and signing bonuses.
Employee feels comfortable working here.
Huge growth, big Company, lots of momentum, lots of opportunity, unique culture, lots of smart people, good compensation
Is a very good learning place. If you are with a good manager, your career path will be very good
Good learning smart, ambitious people decent compensation
MNC Good Work Culture and Values Excellent flexible cab facility
Great work Culture, It's Awesome to be a part of Amazon family
good experience, Productive and fun work place
good experience, Productive and fun work place
Wonderful casual atmosphere, and an extremely employee centric company
# Great Work Culture # Talent is the criteria for growth # Best company to start your career. Even as Customer Service Level, you can grow.
In Amazon the Benfits are good. Satisfying work
growing, succesful company lots of independence
business is getting developed in other countries
great work culture with best pay packages
fast growth, energtic, growing fast, great working atmosphere
The pros of the company are: We can work from the home. We can chose our work hours. There is large variety or jobs(or HITs as they call it).
Quality of work , salary , ownership , freedom of doing how you like to do
Data rules! All decisions can be challenged and backed with the appropriate data and analysis. This makes being right alot work.
Peers, Opportunites to grow, Good mix of problems to solve at workplace.
Amazon.com has its unique culture and it helps the employees to learn lot of tings. friendly relationship with higher officials helps in better understanding of work.
You'll learn alot. Some of the smartest people you will ever work with. If you like to learn new things on a daily basis, this is the company for you.
High impact, lots of responsibility, smart people, great experience.
Exciting work, cutting edge technology, fast paced
- fast moving and exciting environment - varied tasks - innovative business - informal - very professional peers - thorough review process - truly international and multicultural work environment
-Consistently tough and challenging -Working hard long term pays off
Lots of responsibility, Not a stagnant job
1. Very competent peers. 2. If you are in the right team, you can expect a lot of new innovative work. 3. Pretty good pay package (but definitely not the highest in the industry).
If you are looking to develop excellent distributed systems then amazon.com is the place. Work is amazing. I'm currently involved in developing low latency , horizontally scalable , fault tolerant systems. The work is very challenging. Also the company lets you own what you develop. Starting from architecture , coding , testing , maintaining your software which no other company provides. You will come to know all the aspects of software development.
Fast growth for those who are willing to work 24/7
Smart coworkers, fast pace, mobility based on performance
Company has high growth potential Good compensation packages
Amazon is a great company with an elite operations arm.
One of the best customer driven company
work culture, ownership, opportunity to do something big!
-Good Salary if you are in management
Good work culture, very informal interactions which helps
Salary, Stock Price, Location, Food trucks
Surrounded with very smart people, but this varies by group and team. There is a high level of innovation and risk taking is encouraged. Fast paced with regular delivery of new products and features. If you are willing to commit to the Amazon way it can be a rewarding place to work.
They pay well but it's absolute hell working here.
The Amazon lifestyle is amazing.
- Customer Obsession - Startup Values - Agile Style - Invests into the future - Great business exposure
No Dress Codes. They will never kick you out unless or until you're not inclines toward that. You'll always remain visible. No bias. Fair Decisions. Best management team. Awesome strategies. Tech oriented. No website restrictions. You can listen music. A lot of fun activities. Home to office pick up and drop. Floor walk done by senior management every day. Earth's most customer-centric company
Amazon works at scale good people
Ability to Work from Home Generous Time off policies Performance pay based on customer satisfaction Flexible scheduling for students Opportunities for advancement Experience not required
The best place to learn, experiment and innovate. Best compensation in the market place and better opportunities in the future.
Good exposure and you will learn to work under pressure.
Carrier growth, Package, Intelligent peers, Excellent management, Big name, Flexibility, highly competitive environment.
Compensation, talented people to work with
Work hard have fun and make history. Decent pay as compared to its competitors, and one gets to work on latest technologies.
Work culture Fixed off Work life balance No Dress code and access to all websites wifi withing organisation Work from home (Sometimes) Probably the best work culture
Work with smart people, high ownership and accountability, great opportunity for personal growth.
great enviroment with tons of learning opportunities.
It is a good place to work. Lots of fun. Lots of things to learn. A big database needs to handled
Great company mission with fantastic growth for several years to come. There are some highly talented people who work here, and a fanatic commitment to the customer and continuous improvement. The total compensation package with salary, signing bonuses and stock is hard to beat. Survivors can move up quickly.
very good chance to learn and grow in society
Flexible hours, Good ownership, Freedom to drive things
Amazon.com is a great brand name for your resume - everyone will think your retail and/or cloud genius.
Quality of work is good, it is very fast growing changing environment so lots of opportunity to grow and learn new things. Good compensation, they give exactly what they promise on offer letter. No hidden charges.
feel like home, no dress code and best working environment. Satisfied salary
exciting projects to work on
-Smart people to work with -Management has a big vision. -Lot of opportunities to grow -Lot of freedom to explore and innovate
1. Very very good learning environment -- I learned more in 6 months at Amazon than what I learned in 2 yrs in my other jobs. 2.Very energetic and dynamic work culture -- open to change, ideas, creativity at all levels. 3. Very transparent work environment -- no organizational hierarchy feeling. Upper management is very approachable. 4. If you like change and new stuff every day -- Amazon is your place. Change is constant day in and day out at Amazon.
My particular manager is helpful and courteous unlike others. He is willing to assist when rates are slightly below par. Good personal time policy - 48 hours per year to be used without giving any reason. Ohter associates are friendly.
Money Good work depending on the team. Flexible hours.
Quality of work Quality of people
- 401k, stock options, benefits
talented co-workers name recognition you can learn lot of cutting edge technology moderately good pay
talented co-workers name recognition you can learn lot of cutting edge technology moderately good pay
Opportunity to learn and practice various disciplines of Software development, project management and support.  Attention to detail and making decisions based on data.  Often you are pushed out of your comfort zone and when you come out of it you have learned something new and valuable.
1) Good work 2) Enough opportunity 3) Good Salary
The easiest warehouse you'd ever work in. The benefits are great. They pay for bereavement. Depending on your'd building, there are a lot of rewards. A bachelor's degree is required for management... Great for college grads.
Stock and health benefits are nice.
great place to work for women very comfortable environment good transportation & employee benefits
Customer oriented, Lean concepts applications, innovative.
- A vibrant and smart internal community to interact with - Customer-oriented and goal-driven focused work - Flatter hierarchy and easier approachability of people higher in the ladder
1. smart collegues 2. good pay and stock options 3. learn new technologies
You can't deny that Amazon offers great benefits from the sign on bonus to the health coverage package even Restricted Stock Units. Amazon offers one heck of a competitive package.
Good and Supporting Staff, they neglect your mistakes and focus what you are good at.
growth, growth, growth - growth brings tremendous opportunity to move up if you perform well long term vision - Jeff B makes it clear that short term stock market fluctuations do not matter ability to make a change - if you have a good idea and are persistent, you can change a lot
salary and good learning opportunity
Great office and equipment Awesome on-boarding process Lots of information available Seminars and courses available Laid-back attitude
* Provides Good Benefits compared to the other companies for the same job role. * Has great opportunities in other departments such as IT or Software Development.
- Lots of smart people - Diverse business functions - Amazon brand
world wide known company,respect for the employees. It was a great experience at least for me. I started as intern and now I am SDE
The company places high expectations on all of it's employees as well as the managers and provides constant challenges to improve processes and procedures. There are many opportunities to move up within the company.
You get ownership of big P&Ls.
Good pay and good benefits.
They treat you great, allow you to make the calls, give you freedom, pay managers great, great work schedule, great work lace.
Smart people. Good projects. Company growth
- Good workplace atmosphere - Smart people - Good salaries and bonuses
Great place to work, things are constantly moving and growing so your job is never the same as it was the day before. You are very much treated like an owner of the company meaning you are expected to take action on your own with little direction, they hire the best because they rely on you to be a self starter and figure things out while keeping what's best for the company in mind when making any and all decisions.
Freedom to run your own recruiting strategy casual dress dogs are allowed working with smart people Industry leader, easy sell to candidates flexibility around schedule when you need it Great place to work if you are crazy about recruiting and want no life No micromanagement
My experience with Amazon had been great so far. Lots of things to learn and the work environment challenges you every day. Best place to be in for a fresher.
Clear on what they want from you.
This is the best place in the industry if you want to learn new things and want to explore various areas. 1. Technical learning. 2. Co-workers and interaction with them is just awesome. 3. Pace of change is good enough to force you learn new things with the same pace. 4. Compensation is cool. 5. No politics like many other big companies.
- good solid company to have on your CV - an abundance of information ( just need to find out where to get it!) - some extremely bright people ( but lack any people skills)
career growth is difficult here
I learned a lot, made a good amount of money, and had lots of room to move towards a full time position
Best Pay packages! Amazing benefits!
Good opportunities if you are willing to work 24/7.
Amazing freedom of thought and not risk adverse!
- Rapid professional growth if you are upto some hard work. - Development of business accumen as a side benefit - Good senior leadership
fast pace growing company with a lot of opportunity to learn the coolest technology in the world. good salary too.
Unlimited Overtime Friendly Co-workers Safety Oriented Drug Test
Amazon is well structured with plenty of room for advancement. The management, I speak for the building I work in alone, are competent and help/encourage people to do their best.
1. Excellent People 2. Opportunity to learn new technologies
when you do not have a job in Dec or in Nov. you can make money for 2 months only
Constant expansion means strong likelihood of promotion Stock value consistently rising 4 day work week
Compensation including salary and benefits was great in the area I worked. The co-workers and work environment was friendly and there was rarely an issue. Opportunities to work from home were available.
- good carrier options - good knowledge exchange - vast variate of workings - high safety standards (to high sometimes)
working as SDE for Amazon Dev Center in Romania -> Amazon is definitely much better than the outsourcing industry in Romania (Eastern Europe), from all points of view: smart colleagues, much more exciting projects (wide impact, cool technologies), much better pay, perks, looks better on your resume, etc  Granted, we are in Romania, and Amazon doesn't have Google or Microsoft to compete against as employers for SDEs, but still.. it's pretty cool
- Pay is Good - RSU is good too - Lots of principal talks to learn from - Work with smart people
1) Fast-paced 2) Results-focused 3) Smart co-workers 4) Frugal
-Highly educated work pool. -Consistent bar raising activity -Tremendous opportunity to work on projects that are outside of you experience. -unbridled growth which offer tons professional growth.
- smart people all around - ambitious people/problems to be solved - work has direct customer impact - good place for starting out
Great place for Yes men
It's a great place to learn about all aspects of the online business. There are plenty of opportunities across the company and employees are encouraged to explore opportunities throughout the company.
Good place with lots of +ve energy
Still very hot. Could add value to your resume.
good oppurtunity for future growth
Great people, autonomy, ownership, fast-paced and innovating environment.
You have to do everything yourself. Its almost like working in a start up.
Fast paced, evolving product lines.
Great growth opportunities. Work with a lot of talened employees. Constantly pushing the envelop when it comes to innovation on a daily basis.
Good medical and dental benefits. Stock options
Its one of the leading tech companies and that makes it a fun place to work in although at times you get a little frustated
Some areas of work are challenging Friendly coworkers Many opportunities to advance Monthly bonuses and inexpensive health insurance Fun environment
Working with some super-smart people. Brand prestige is fantastic for future career.
Good place to learn about operation. Good place to learn about cloud computing and commerce work flow. Great infrastructure. Nice wiki to share info.
experience, innovative technology, treating people great, managerial support, opportunities for self-improvement, salary, benefits
Pay is ok In general, managers and leads are fairly respectful in the way they speak to employees
so far the pay and oppurtunity to grow seems appealing. i haven't gotten my feet wet to offer a positive opinion.
The pay rate is not bad for a warehouse job. The $12 an hour pay rate is worth the work.
flexible working environment, friendly office atmosphere, working on something which will impact millions of customers in the world, Seattle is a great city
Good Reputation, fast growing company
Good pay Lots of responsibility Small teams
Great pay package, Quality of work (new technology use.. Ahead of its competitor).. Customer Obsession.. Entrepreneurial.. Things move really fast
Great pay package, Quality of work (new technology use.. Ahead of its competitor).. Customer Obsession.. Entrepreneurial.. Things move really fast
Fast pace Busy Friendly co-workers Must have a sense of humor
- Stock - Base salary comparable to industry (supply chain) - Flexible work hours (can work from home) - Great experience for young person learning the ropes - Great Customer Focus
- Brand. Amazon is a big name, period.  - A lot of processes are nowhere in place. You can take ownership to set them.  - A lot of direct hostility is done with in terms of work environment, thanks to its open culture. However, subtle stuff remains.  - Yes..as with other review, you will find some very bright people here - even in areas that are not related to software development at all.
- Coworkers are generally very bright--it's very hard to get into Amazon, so most of the people you meet will be very intelligent - Great brand name on your resume--everyone knows Amazon - You can learn a lot about ecommerce, as Amazon is by far the leader in this space - If you play your cards right, there is lots of opportunity to move around, as Amazon is growing rapidly - Jeff Bezos is brilliant. For all of the company quirks, he is a long-term thinker and actually cares about growing the company in spite of the fact that he has little-to-no financial incentive at this point
The signing bonuses are good and the stock options are what keep most of the people there. Unfortunately, many people are very burnt out and unhappy because of the high demands for hours and performance.
Learned a lot looks good on a resume Good internship program with a trip to meet other interns and network with other people
Amazon is a great customer centric place
One of the best places to learn and watch as things get done. Very talented people. Flexible hours and good ownership model.
pay, got to work on actual project, lots of support, big name
Work for a multinational in a multicultural environment. Possibilities of growing within the company. Quite a technical job and learning about it every day. Good benefits as an employee. Looks good on any CV.
Good Benefits Good location Good brand name to have on your CV
* Compensation - Overall compensation, if drawn out over four years and averaged per year, is above average - especially if the stock performs well. If you get an offer and do the math, this will seem like a small fortune. The medical benefits are quite good compared to other companies, my premiums were very low.  * Reputation - When you leave Amazon, you will find that having worked there carries weight with other companies due to its success and reputation for only hiring the best (true or not, perception is reality).  * Opportunities to move - If you like to move every year or two, Amazon is expanding rapidly and always asking for current managers to move.  * Business - Amazon is expanding rapidly in order to accommodate growing demand. You will not be downsized or laid off.
Salary - Pay appears above average however you more than earn it!
Depending on the functional group you work, your experiences may differ. Clearly, Amazon is a engineers driven company  - Extremely sharp people. Some of the best you can find. - Some of them are very creative in problem solving - Generally, a very cohesive work group. - If you want to work on cutting edge stuff, this is the place. Tons of resume value. Trust me, folks outside respect the Amazon talent.
Opportunity to work on massive scalability problems Working on forefront of online retail on global scale
Business Model Ability to learn new techniques Good professional start for technical and warehousing experience
Place where lot of innovation happens. Get complete ownership of work and zero politics. Good place to work among Indian IT companies
Huge data volumes Complex data challenges Exposure to multiple technologies
It was a nice place to work and the environment was really really good, got may friends and many more to say
You're working with some of the smartest people in the industry, so you really learn a lot. Your managers are generally actually knowledgeable.
Amazon gives an opportunity to work on systems at incredibly huge scale.
- Offers very competitive pay - Restricted stock units are very attractive, if you can last more than two years. - You're working for "the innovator" of online shopping. No other company can match Amazon for this. -Lots of interesting businesses and projects developing from within the company -They're hiring like mad (although it's not easy to get hired)
Growth opportunities due to rapid business expansion. Fast paced working environment with the chance to learn industry leading logistics concepts.
Once RSU's vest, compensation is good. They will teach you Lean and Six Sigma skills. You have opportunities to make changes with frugal limitations.
Learn how a very large web company works. Can get involved in the cutting edge of data center design.
discount is the best thing about the company
Good Brand name and nothing else
Amazon is a great place to learn about distributed computing, scaling, writing web services, and learning rapid software development. It's not the sweat shop that a lot of people describe, and the company as a whole is not afraid to try new things.
innovation, lots of opportunities to play with the latest technologies smart people, working for Amazon has been an incredible learning experience.
-Fast paced -Great people -Great CEO, great vision
Pay is very competitive. Not too many politics, although it can depend on what team you are working for. Work can generally be done without meddling management.
At Amazon, you are encouraged to share your ideas through innovation and process improvements. Due to their Open Door Policy, you can walk right into the general manager's/senior ops/HR offices and discuss any issue at any time. You will also work with some very talented people to which you can learn from and bounce ideas off of as well. They have a competitive benefits package, and while it does take some time to vest, the RSU program is acceptable.
Stock is goign up a lot
Challenging jobs where you can improve yourself. Operates on many different areas and you can learn alot while collaborating other teams.
Plenty of overtime opportunties here.
chances of seif development ,chances of promotion ,very professional management,its a very big company that deals with a lot of different products hence working there means a lot of experience
good put in you r CV
Growing company -so many challenges turn into opportunit to learn
+ It's a nice place to work in most aspects. + You get a lot of exposure to business. + Depending on your team, you could get to do some good work. + It's a big tech company. You get exposure to a lot of hot technologies and very smart people. + Ample scope to grow professionally.
+ It's a nice place to work in most aspects. + You get a lot of exposure to business. + Depending on your team, you could get to do some good work. + It's a big tech company. You get exposure to a lot of hot technologies and very smart people. + Ample scope to grow professionally.
Cool, fun company. Growing like gang busters and lots of opportunity if you can hang on. You have the ability to affect change and try new things.
When you are in a meeting with people at Amazon, you are with some of the smartest people you will ever meet. Unlike many companies where you might think you are the smartest person at the company, at amazon you will lucky to be average. The people are the hardest working, most driven group that is at one cohesive company.
Amazon hiring process ensures that only really smart people get through. This leads to superb talent in the team - even though hiring takes a long time. Plus, the intense focus on data driven decision making makes it a very flat playground
Great pay and benefits. Relative security.
-Pay is above average compared to other companies -Opportunity to travel -Growing and recognizable company -Opportunity to move to different function easily
rapid business growth enthusiastic and intelligent peers
Learning curve initally, Exposure to Test Automation. This good for certain time but would become monotonous over time. Good place to learn open source tools.
Global presence of the organization.
payment is pretty darn good
Very dynamic and fast pace. If you have a good idea they will give you the green light and the opportunity to make an impact. Amazon hires smart people
Good name to have on CV Scale,scale and scale - gigantic network with over 1mill servers smart people interview process - relevant questions, friendly and professional atmosphere role changes every 6-12 months - from coder to sysadmin to netadmin, etc...
Hard work is rewarded in terms of salary
Huge data volume experience to technical people. Learning how things work with huge data volumes. Learning how to do quick fixes during on call support. less amount of documentation to do for testing and design documents. flexible work timings.initial hike and bonus are good
Flat Organization - no empires Professional growth based on your ability to perform Smart, driven, team orientated environment
Some of the best and brightest coworkers I've ever worked with. Challenging problems in every department. Management is rarely afraid to invest in bold new ideas.
-The current success of the company brings a sense of pride as an employee. -Total comp plan brings rewards if you can remain with the company 3 - 5 years. -You will work with a diverse group of peers that will enhance your life.
Good for college grads with no other job offers no previous work experience, fair place to start your carrier each team is independent some teams are really good place to work.
I love the growth opportunities, and the ability to make my job my own. So long as it s safe and legal we are free to give it a shot. The pay is pretty good and the stock options are doing amazing! I have been able to perform well and feel that I have been recognized and am respected by leadership and my peers.
I actually really enjoyed working as a Customer Service Manager. The people are great and the amount of empowerment was huge. The ability to make changes and better the work environmet is so much fun. Management actually listens and it is great to see that change is embraced.
I actually really enjoyed working as a Customer Service Manager. The people are great and the amount of empowerment was huge. The ability to make changes and better the work environmet is so much fun. Management actually listens and it is great to see that change is embraced.
Agile, dynamic and with change comes a lot of opportunity.
WA, SEATLE, nice weather, great great opportunity. The Amazon.com is very professional and great experience if I can have it.
-huge opportunity to grow and learn -not picky about technology. you can choose from multiple -gives ownership to the task
Your contribution is recognized if you do well. Salary is handsome for a job in India. Good company for hard workers.
The technology and internal processes are awesome. Many smart people around. Great learning experience and many ways to communicate. Ownership of the product from requirements to deployment.
* amazing people around * interesting work * open feedback * good opportunities for learning * good environment to work
Opportunities for advancement are plenty
good people around. Fast paced environment high growth -- -- -- -- -- -- --- --- --- -- --- --
STock, career growth, exposure, long-term career path
4 day work week  benefit program great peers fast paced different task on every shift little chance to become bored
- Great people - Great development environment - Considerable latitude and flexibility accorded to engineers - Continual "bar raising" - improve daily or fall to the side
Money Promotion opportunity Lots of locations Sign on bonus
Dynamic Fast Moving Interesting and exciting at times Passionate people - at first or when they're being advanced in their careers
Innovative and Goal oriented company that is constantly growing. Great benefits package. Opportunities are available to move up. Hard working warehouse management and smart operations management. Stable job, given the company growth.
good growth, friendly culture and good hospitality
high growth stock options medical coverage costs good complensation extremely intelligent educated workforce very good public reputation loyal hard working employees outside of Seattle
Amazon is doing cutting edge stuff on scales never before attempted. Their hiring process is very selective, if you make it in you can pretty well write your own ticket at many other companies.
Amazon branding-Looks good on resume to work for Amazon. Smart people to work with. Innovative company. Stock prices are high-compensation is difficult to walk away from.
The money is good especially when you start vesting your stock.
The money is good especially when you start vesting your stock.
Growth Smart people Stock price Freedom to move around Do fun stuff
There is a great team atmosphere at Amazon.com, starting with upper management and trickling down to area managers to their teams.
Good experience flexibility and friendly people to work.
smart people and great brand. work is challenging. rewarding career. learn from others. growing company. great upper management.
1) Great People - Amazon hires the best in the industry 2) Great Technology - With dozens and dozens of 'home grown' systems (both good and not so good) 3) Great Processes
-Good compensation -Unlimited growth opportunities -Challenging, rewarding work
Decent Pay, Relaxed dress code, time off is not criticized, telecommute options, laptop ability, exciting company to work for with cutting edge products
Safety first!  Time-off requests handled well.  Due to overtime, some of your coworkers will become like family. I have created several relationships at this company that will last a lifetime.  Amazon.com is a customer-centric company. I take pride in knowing I am part of a company that
Looks good on your resume. Networking. Lots of creative people.
Flexi-timings Decent technology Not too many processes
A company with a good brand value but not a substitute for a career.Its good if you are looking for a job for a short term with less pay.
Amazing technology company, loads of opportunities, get a chance to work with senior engineers/principals, freedom about the work we do.
if you want some money without working then choose it
good pay and best of talent, tough hiring process so rest assured the best of talent in the industry is hired
only for career starters, if you are young, fresh from school, want to be surrounded with like minded careless wannabees
Smart people and interesting issues
Extremely generous compensation package that's paying at the top end of the pay range for many positions in Seattle.  Very sharp peer group.  Stable management structure.  Culture that supports inter-company transfers.
The work hours arent that bad
-You can have a lot of responsibility early on, everyone has an influence on projects -Good pay -Fast-paced, growing environment with a lot of opportunities -Challenging work -Movement between departments is encouraged
Fast-paced environment - you never get bored at Amazon Ownership - You are encouraged to make changes where you see fit. If it works... great! If not... we'll just try sometihng else Backbone - One of the leadership principles is to have a backbone. You are expected to speak up if you disagree with something. You don't see this in a lot of corporate environment. You're not just a worker bee.
Decent pay, smart people, job security. Overall it is a decent place to work but it is hard to get recognized for going above and beyond, you really need to talk with your manager on a daily basis.
Descent pay Benefits are descent Brilliant people to work with from all over the world Challenging environment
competitive work place, good salaries
Decision making is pushed down to the lowest level that makes sense, this gives you the ability to have a big impact. You are expected to speak up if you disagree with a decision or direction, and the discussion/debate will be focused around facts and data, not the seniority of the person speaking. Once the decision is made, everyone is expected to get on board, having had the chance to voice their opinion.
Amazon is an innovator in the digital, web services and retail industries. It provides very creative solutions and strives to be the most customer centric company in the world.
Fast growing company Opportunity for advancement (for certain personalities) Excellent compensation Interesting technology Good business (not technical) management
Fair place to work. Nice coworkers.
Great culture, great people, standardized technologies and automated tools
The work is very interesting and challenging. My colleagues are very nice and helpful. The working location is also good.
The work is very interesting and challenging. My colleagues are very nice and helpful. The working location is also good.
great pay and learning experience, lots of career opportunities and growth.
-Pay -- For my bachelor's and experience, I would not make this elsewhere -Benefits -- The benefits, especially the health are very good -People -- I have met some very good people here.
smart people, strong leadership and core values, innovative company. the organization is going in the right direction and adding values to customer everyday
Dynamic and fun place to work in Luxembourg. Being a pan European site, the challenges you face will definitely keep you on your toes. However, the work needed is quite geared toward specialists so difficult for greener crowds to pass the high hiring bar.
Amazon.com is a great company to work for. Features are always designed with the customer in mind. Customer trust/loyalty is high. Very short release cycles (less than one month), means that your work has an immediate impact. Many managers were SDEs at some point, so they have reasonable expectations. Easy to switch to different teams working on completely different technologies (must remain with a team for at least a year, but free to move afterwards). Opportunities to move from SDE to management.
Great exercise, and good extra money at holidays.
Fast moving company, lean organization, professional management, very innovative and a great learning environment.
well respected company in the online space. Amazon brand helps you to find a better company to work for next.
Above average salaries. That is really the only positive thing but is it worth selling your soul?
Great Benefits Great People Good Salary Flexbility Good Management
It has some of the best people doing awesome things everyday and pushing the limits of what is possible, the get-it-done atmosphere is greatly appreciated over that of stodgy old corporate cultures
Nice pay. Other then the pay there isnt much of pros. the work isnt bad but its also not good either. domain knowledge is all you need.
1. Some of the best minds in the world work with you. 2. You're given to work on cutting edge technology 3. Amazon.com has a huge internal software base, and many in-house frameworks are developed.
Lots of things to learn. hands on opportunity from design to production operation.
Amazon's Engineering team moves fast. There are quite some dynamics in the team.
Good salary. Good growth opportunity. Good co-workers.
good salary compared to peers.  one of the best work in the industry.  professionally good growth both in the company and out side the company.
Good place to work. Smart people, doing small jobs as well as big jobs. You will own something. Good pay.
Very smart people. Supportive environment. Happy environment.
money is the only reason
strong tech team, open innovative culture, senior management is strong, a place where builders can build, lots of scale and hard problems to solve.
good pay for not having a college education
pay were ok, benefits were ok, a good working atmosphere, some perks, good coworkers, health insurance ok, casual work dress
Amazingly smart (and I mean really smart and CAPABLE) collegues here. Pace is superfast and everyone are committed to a common goal: customer experience. Razor sharp focus means lazy, useless people usually can't hide and are fast fired compared to other places. Great place to learn and pick up new work responsibilities - because there are so much growth it means if you are capable, they are more than happy to throw more work at you (but dont expect to be paid for it). I still occassionally miss the constant high quality/caliber of smart + capable + dedicated people that are everywhere at this company - it is really rare elsewhere. I compare Amazon to the Bains/BCGs/McKinseys of the hightech work enviorment.
With the growth the company is undergoing, there will be continual growth/promotional opportunities for the next decade. The general public's confidence in making online purchases will only increase as the "Text" generation graduates from college and has access to disposable income.
Good place to work at.
Super engineering talent, combined with visionary leadership and a customer focused, highly visible workplace make Amazon one of the best places to work.
salary stock grants intelligent people sense of ownership in a progressive city can bring your dogs to work cool location if you work in downtown (or in new Lake Union offices)
Ability to make change and the ownership every employee is given in the company. We continuously look at improving the business and never satisfied with the status quo.
a lot of growth in the company a lot of smart people new campus to be finished and moved to soon
Chance to take up a lot of responsibility Recognition for hard work Decent pay, but no bonuses Great managers
Great people, great work...satisfaction at the end of the day
Great salary package. Various options to choose from for career advancement - From Warehouse management systems to website platform. Performance based promotions
Amazon.com does give stock option or stock rewards very generously as a singing bonus offer, and even entry level engineer will get some substantial amount.
a excellent company with western style. people are highly energetic and professional. very dynamic working envirement and fast pace envirement
Lots of exciting project to work with ranging from Cloud Computing to all aspects of e-commence. Live in Amazon.com is never boring.
If you have the passion for technology ,then amazon is a good place to work for
Company continues to grow, and will always look at good ideas. Easy opportunities to move forward if you are talented and want to grind it out.
- End to end ownership. - Good money - Smaller teams and flatter heirarchy - EMphasis on performance, quality and scalability - Good benefits - medical, home drop. - Stocks! RSUs!
Generally great co-workers.  Pretty good benefits.  Area managers are usually understanding and are easy to talk to.  Amazon.com is a pretty financially successful company to work for.
fast paced, rapid growth, exciting
Innovative New projects and challenges Strong emphasis on operational safety
Projects help learn a lot People are helpful and easy to find resources within Amazon
The leadership team is strong.
Many talented managers and employees. Management was generally aware of problems with technology, departmental communication, etc and worked to fix them (slowly but surely). Regular reviews of employees. Good bens (health insurance includes massage, physical therapy, mental, etc and dental is inexpensive).
It's not for everyone, but that's good. The weak ones don't move up, so if you are smart & strategic about managing your career here, you can learn a lot, work quite autonomously, and make good money.
Dress code is casual - but that's about the only positive thing to say about the company
The company is still growing strong. The core retail business is taking share in this economic down term. The Amazon web service is picking up and well positioned to compete in cloud-computing. The Kindle is catching the attention.
- The engineers here are the best I've ever worked with - Typically you have near complete ownership over projects you work on - People trust you to get your job done, and excessive oversight and micromanagement are rare
- Great Employee focus.. After 5 jobs with some of the biggest in the industry, here's one which walks the talk. they care about you and do all they can to make your work challenging and your resume top-class - Amazing Innovation drive - Flat organization - Won't get bored - One of the best salary packages
fast paced. it's a go-go-go culture, dog eat dog world at Amazon interview process is gruelling but fun.
Performance Driven High Bar Talent Very agile and no Bureaucracy In-hose technical skills and technologies are beyond compare More of a technology company and business does not run technical teams
Challenging and dynamic environment. Lots to learn
They work you hard, which occasionally leads to burnout, but the work tends to be quite interesting, which makes the whole process satisfying.
making history, technology, stock options
Lots of Work, You will get Plenty of stuff to Learn, So-So benefits, Management is not good, however the engineers are very smart.
Extremely challenging in many regards. Lots of very smart, hard-working and dedicated people. Lots of interesting technology.
Knowledge and excitement, Speed and Commitment
A few years ago, the best reasons were because it was exciting. The company was at a make or break point and I had a chance to make a difference in the "make."
Learn about scaling and customer obsession. good work environment for junior engineers, there is a lot to learn within Amazon. Open culture for engineers to learn and exchange. The best place to be to understand retail, and yet has some very interesting teams
good, friendly people to work with
A name on a resume. Will open doors.
You get paid and may learn a thing or two.
discount on products at company store
job stability good staff communication
Growth, good compenstation, great place to learn. Name recognition when moving on never hurts either, I received a pretty outstanding offer and the competition for the next level doesn't appear too fierce. As you get further up, the peope surrounding you get smarter and smarter until it's almost intimidating!
There is a tremendous pool of talent working for Amazon. Anyone joining the company will be able to make a contribution from day one, while being able to take on responsibility early on. The opportunities for personal development are many.
Great culture, Dynamic environment, Technically sophisticated, Metrics driven management, The company genuinely cares about customer satisfaction, Leader of the space the company is in, great set of people to work with,
Excellent Starting Pay Company helps you to learn the system and supports you but you must make the first move. Communication is sometimes lacking with the reasons things are done. They attempt to motivate the employees but forgot that at times a "presence" and "good job" in person goes a long way. They are good at encouraging employees during peak periods but should also do this throught the year.
Excellent Starting Pay Company helps you to learn the system and supports you but you must make the first move. Communication is sometimes lacking with the reasons things are done. They attempt to motivate the employees but forgot that at times a "presence" and "good job" in person goes a long way. They are good at encouraging employees during peak periods but should also do this throught the year.
Great projects - lots of great projects that are really pioneering smart people - it hires loads of smart people. its a great experience to hang around good package great benefits management really focussed on customers and its a great feeling to be s sincere to customers strong mentoring - there is a strong mentoring focus and each new employee can optionally team with an experienced guy to learn new things
Amazon is a great place to work if you want to work hard, get experience, and network with lots of other people doing all sorts of jobs you never thought could exist. The benefits package is outstanding, and the salary is very competitive. There are a lot of opportunities for advancement--as long as you're willing to work hard, learn, and take feedback. The focus really is on the customer, and it's really nice to work for a company that actually practices what it preaches--from the top down *and* from the bottom up. Everyone is very respectful of one another, and disagreement is totally acceptable. It's a very open environment, and it feels like a flat management system even if it isn't.
Good for CV reputation and professional learnings esp data analytics
Very good work, diverse work, nice peer group, small teams. work is very challenging and original. you get more responsibilities soon. nice growth opportunities are good for people who take up the challenges. still not yet in the indian mould, so there is not much difference from the seattle based teams and indian teams, which is good. the hiring bar is pretty high, so you work with a lot of brilliant people, which helps in shaping your career better. Compensation is pretty good compared to the industry average, and there is good recognition for good work. you feel like working in a startup.
Bonuses suck you inn and potential for 30 k in stock 4 yrs down the road is decent incentive to tough it out. Exponential growth at this point in time.
good benefits, if you have a team of nice people and they have enthusiasm you can enjoy your job, Amazon is the leader on the retail market, launching new products to the right time in the US
Challenge. You'll always learn something new. It also looks good on the CV. Global mobility is not just a phrase but a real option for anyone.
You can learn a lot in a short amount of time.
You have a lot of ownership over your work. There is a lot of freedom to set your own goal and exercise best judgments. There usually is not a lot of micromanaging going on at the company. You are usually given a general goal or a vague set of problems, and you are expected to exercise best judgment to resolve and/or achieve them. Additionally, there are a lot of smart people at Amazon, and there are some great technologists here to learn from as well. Amazon is basically like a 10+ years-old and multi-billion dollar start-up, with all the good and bad that implies.
a few smart people to work with
Reisen, Aufstiegssmöglichkeiten und vieles mehr
Nouvelle découverte couverture sanitaire assurée bon salaire couverture des frais scolaire après une année de job possible d'être reemploié après les études
Constant learning throughout career here.
la compania ofrece muchos beneficios
Man verdient gut man hat Spaß und man kann in viele Richtungen arbeiten ist für jeden was dabei. Bin sehr zufrieden gewesen.
Sehr angenehmes Klima, lässige Kollegen und gute Atmospähre, man hat Lust zu arbeiten.
man kann sehr schnell Erfahrungen sammeln, es gibt nur sehr flache Hierarchien, auf die nur in den seltensten Fällen geachtet wird. Sehr breit gefächertes Arbeitsspektrum
Bon collègues, missions challengeantes, volonté de transmettre l'esprit de l'entreprise
Projets interessants, collaborateurs competents, entreprise flexible, recherche permanente d'un travail de haute qualite
Projets interessants, collaborateurs competents, entreprise flexible, recherche permanente d'un travail de haute qualite
Good,bien et tres bien je recommande
Mitarbeiter, Die Name auf dem Lebenslauf
Im Moment ich suche Fest Einstellung bei Firmen ich habe Führerschein B, C+E Kategorie
On apprend beaucoup dans cette entreprise. Le personnel d'encadrement est très sympa.
Vielfältiger und herausfordernder Job, tolle Kollegen und ein modernes Arbeitsumfeld!
Kostenlose Getränke, 10 % Mitarbeiterrabatt, Kantine, sonst nichts
-Apprentissage en accéléré -Beaucoup de responsabilité très vite
Flexibel, dynamisch, wachsend, interessante Projekte.
Amazon ist eine vertrauenswürdige Firma
Culture de l'excellence, Orientation Client, On-boarding, process de recrutement excellent.
Entouré de collègues brillants. Toujours de quoi apprendre. Une infinité d'opportunités d'évolution. Une politique RH claire. Des valeus d'entreprise mises en oeuvre au quotidien
Entreprise passionnante, collègues de très haut niveau, on apprend énormément. Salaire complété par des stock units.
Sehr lockere Arbeit, bei entsprechendem gwhalt
- Homeoffice in Vollzeit - drei Schichten zur Auswahl
Beaucoup d’heures supplémentaires et horaire de nuit 2x8 horaire
Tolles Arbeitsumfeld, welches Produktivität und Weiterbildung fördert Starke Arbeitskollegen und toller Zusammenhalt im Team
Par ce que j'aime travaillé à amazon
- Coole Projekte - nette Kollegen - Atmosphere
Im großen und ganzen alles Super
Amazon Web Services, deel van Amazon, heeft het motto 'Work hard, have fun, make history', en dit is zeker waar voor Amazon en AWS in de Benelux. Amazon/AWS is al jaren actief lokaal in Nederland maar werkt redelijk op de achtergrond - de producten spreken voor zichzelf als het ware. De organisatie staat lokaal en in EMEA zelfstandig maar er is natuurlijk ook veel interactie met collega's in de USA, UK, Duitsland, Asie of Australie. Het is een 1 van de meest internationale tech bedrijven die ik ken, zo ver zelfs dat het ook niet per definitie Amerikaans te noemen is. Amazon/AWS heeft z'n eigen peculiar cultuur.  Ongekende groei en technisch hoogstaande middelen geven de ruimte om te pionieren en te bouwen terwijl er een rijkdom aan informatie en middelen bestaat om te bouwen wat werkt voor de klant. Het is een werk omgeving voor de top mensen die elkaar ook opzoeken, en die elkaar uitdagen. Naast veel vrijheid om dingen aan te pakken is er de vrijheid om te groeien en te leren en te veranderen. Dat maakt het een unieke werkgever maar wel 1 die ook eisen stelt aan de werknemers. De befaamde Amazon leadership principals zeggen heel veel over deze werkgever, en zijn daadwerkelijk van toepassing en in natuurlijk conflict.  Ook: "It's always day 1!", wat zoveel betekend dat in Amazon we elke dag als een nieuwe kans pakken om zaken anders te kunnen doen.
Neuer Bereich E-Commerce, interessante Kolelegen
Man weiß worauf man sich im Vorfeld einlässt, Gehalt ist ok
Möglichkeit zum Homeoffice. Man verdient nicht wenig.
Hier lernt man arbeiten nach amerikanischem Standard
-Gute Bezahlung für ungelernte Kräfte -Sonderzahlungen (Urlaubsgeld, Zuschläge) -AktienPakete -Rabatte -Kinderbetreung
You learn things about platform economy, average internet customers and yourself, working under pressure for goals which are often obsolete tomorrow you would not learn anywhere else.
gute gehalt , arbeit nicht schwer
Ein gutes Gehalt für banale Arbeit
* Internationale uitdagingen, * omgeving waarin je gechallenged wordt * verloning inclusief aandelen
es gibt keine, da man rücksichtslos bis zum letzten ausgequetscht wird und dann nach Ablauf der zwei Jahres Frist mit Sicherheit nicht übernommen wird, wenn man nicht mittlerweile in der Psychatrie gelandet ist.
Intéressement, CE, réduction sur Amazon
Home Office, klare Strukturen, regelmäßiges Feedback
Der Kollegenzusammenhalt ist von sehr gut und man kann viel Erfahrung für den nächsten Job sammeln
primes et actions, opportunités, have fun
sehr kreativ Mitarbeiter werden laufend bespasst Sehr internationale und nette Kollegen und Vorgesetzte Sehr gute, gesunde und einfache Strategie - das Unternehmen wird trotz allem noch auf Jahre erfolgreich sein
Einmannbetrieb, 4 Angestellte, kann Urlaub machen, wann ich will
Top Arbeitgeber für engagierte Mitarbeiter
Extremely international Fast paced company Something new is happening all the time At the edge of new innovation and IT trends
Good for your resume, if you survive...
Good for your resume, if you survive...
Leider fallen mir wirklich keine positiven Gründe ein
Geld kommt pünktlich. Nette Arbeitskollegen.
Ambiance et conditions général du travail. Innovations technologique constante Un apprentissage permanente.
Amazon bietet viele Möglichkeiten sich, in alle möglichen Richtungen, weiterzuentwickeln
Tout va très vite, les collaborateurs sont très motivés et travailler en équipe est très agréable grâce à cela. Evolution rapide.
Junge und energische Teams Homeoffice Amazon Aktien Discount und viele Benefits/Rabatte
Environnement ultra dynamique, collègues compétents, management de proximité, autonomie, principes de leadership respectés
Dynamisches Arbeitsumfeld, man kann in kurzer Zeit sehr viel lernen und hat die Möglichkeit, sich weiter zu entwickeln. Kurze Entscheidungswege, flache Hierarchien, viel Verantwortung und Gestaltungsspielraum. Sehr qualifizierte Kollegen, es macht Spaß mit so vielen klugen Köpfen zusammen zu arbeiten.
Bonne rémunération, expérience formatrice et sujets intéressants
Bonne ambiance, équilibre vie perso/pro respecté grâce à la flexibilité du travail et beaucoup d'opportunités- croissance très soutenue (au delà de retail).
Le salaire, la possibilité de discuter avec les ingénieurs
- Correct base salary - Environment/Colleagues - Training - Shares
Cadre de travail tres agréable, équipe jeune et dynamique, projets intéressants
- topics intéressants - accès aux informations et data
tres cool, indépendance dans le travail. les managers à l'ecoute de tous.
gute angenehmen und veil spaß gemacht
Bonis, Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten, kostenlose Getränke u. Super Kollegen
schönes klima im team, angenehme kollegInnen
Karrierechancen sind hier wirklich gegeben.
Karrierechancen sind hier wirklich gegeben.
- Bon salaire - Beaucoup d'autonomie - Opportunités de mobilités internes
Home Office war sehr angenehm.
good income, Friendly environment, Good shift timing
- Tolle Unternehmenskultur & Kollegen - Sehr gute Benefits (Unternehmensaktion, kostenfreie BU, Arbeitgeberanteile zur Altersvorsorge, Bonuszahlungen möglich etc.) - schnellebiges und aktives Unternehmensumfeld
Großes Unternehmen und Referenz ist gut
Environnement et ambiance de travail, prise d'initiatives, capacité d'innovation, agilité (rapidité entre les idées, les décisions et les actions mises en oeuvre)
Steile Lernkurve, hohes Maß an Verantwortung,
positives Image strahlt auf die Kunden ab, so dass nicht jeder Kunde mit nem kleinen Problem gleich rumschreit und den CS beleidigt. Die Kunden waren wirklich nett zu einem.  Mitarbeiter rotieren schon stark was natürlich auch gute Abwechslung bringt. Amazon bringt ständig neue Themen und Wechselmöglichkeiten des Teams in deinen Arbeitsbereich, sei es durch Übernahmen (Twitch, Lovefilm, BuyVIP) oder PrimeNow, Buisness, Fresh, Logistik. Die firmeninternen News sind berauschend, können aber auch einige Naturen überfordern, da viel zu spät und intransparent informiert wird ( Presse wird meist als erstes informiert, dann der CS knapp vorm Kunden).  Toller Standort direkt Berlin Mitte Gehalt ist in der Summe mit Zulagen, Bonis und Mitarbeiteraktien marktgerecht. Konnte alles (auch mal ne Entsendung an neuen Standort - ex Dienstleister) abreifen und fast die 30k erreichen mit Feiertagen. Gute Stimmung unter den Kollegen, und bei fast 800 Mitarbeitern im Peak ist schon einiges los.
Hoch motivierte und sehr intelligente Mitarbeiter. Viele Möglichkeiten, sich intern weiter zu entwickeln und auch eigene Themen zu entwickeln. Unternehmerisches Handeln wird gefördert. Marktgerechtes Gehalt
bon bail tres bon bail
Ambiance Jeune, Challengeante. équipe dynamique. Entreprise en accord avec ses valeurs
Internationales Umfeld, interessante Aufgaben, nette Kollegen, Work-Life Balance, Homeoffice-Option
Team, Klima, Perspektive, Kultur top
Führungserfahrung von Beginn an, viel Verantwortung für Personal , überdurchschnittlich gutes Gehalt, Aktienprogramme, Möglichkeit von Reisen an andere Standorte, hohe Internationalität
Salaire,travail du lundi au jeudi ,mutuelle
Amazon ist ein guter Arbeitgeber
Autonomie, Evaluation a refaire en fonction de la situation actuelle
il y a une réduction sur les produits amazon
- Sicherheit an oberster Stelle, aber teilweise übertrieben hoch - fast alle Kollegen nett und hilfsbereit - weitestgehend selbständige Arbeit - viele neue Kontakte - Kaffee & Wasser kostenlos - kein nerviges Telefon
Action gratuite chaque année Formation interne Horaire en 2x8 Week-end libre Heures supp non imposé Journée déguisé et événements pour la bonne humeur
entreprise dynamique qui fait sans cesse l'actualité
Bonne rémunération Évolution rapide si vous êtes performant et mobile.
Travailler chez Amazon, c'est de monter en compétence. J'apprends beaucoup, même après plusieurs années d'expérience en entreprise, et l'esprit analytique est fortement appréciée. Faire un poste chez Amazon, c'est de gagner des compétences que vous pouvez prendre avec vous n'importe où dans la vie.  De plus, en tant que jeune parent, je trouve que la boîte est très bien pour encourager un bon équilibre vie perso - vie pro. Je peux bosser depuis la maison, on n'est pas obligés de nous connecter le WE ou pendant les vacances, et partir tôt pour chercher les enfants n'est pas un souci. En plus, plein de bonnes activités pour les enfants/la famille.
auncuns avantages pour un aussi grand groupe
Home Office und nettes Team
Interessante Erfahrungen in Bezug auf Projekt- und Prozessmanagment
Großes Wachstum, Schnelle Aufstiegschancen, Spannende Aufgaben Schnelle Verantwortungsübernahme
Man bekommt Mitarbeiter Rabatte, unsonst Getränke, ab und an Geschenke. Zudem gibt es auch Mitarbeiter Ermäßigungen wie z.B. Bei Fitnessstudios etc.
c est une entreprise internationales
Super Unternehmenskultur, die einen mit den anderen zusammenschweist. Viel Freiraum für Eigenverantwortung. Viel Kollaboration mit anderen Teams. Tolles Produkt und viel Interaktion mit direkten Kunden. Jung, unternehmerisch.
Salaires, Ambiance, perspectives d'évolution, réseau
Home Office, Fehler fallen keinem auf, da alles chaotisch ist und sich ständig ändert
Supervisor was understanding, working in team was amazing Everything was perfect, the work atmosphere was great and I got paid weekly
Y en espagnol de ce
I can work hard and achieve
En travaillant chez Amazon, on a vraiment l'impression de participer à la création du monde de demain. Les projets sont challengeants et innovants, et l'on progresse au contact de collègues brillants.
- sehr gutes Arbeitsumfeld - innovatives Unternehmen
Salary is really good, good working atmosphere and good reputation of the company.
- interessante Aufgaben - super Team - gutes Gehalt - guter einstiegsjob
- interessante Aufgaben - super Team - gutes Gehalt - guter einstiegsjob
Kollegen, Aufgaben, Management. Fühle mich rundum wohl.
Entreprise dynamique, secteur porteur, volonté de toujours aller plus loin et d'innover, équipes solidaires et à l'écoute les unes des autres
- Encourage la prise d'initiative - Possibilité de mobilité interne très large - Les champs d'intervention de chaque poste sont très larges et permettent une montée en compétence très rapide
Sehr dynamisch und moderne Technik. Hier ist die Lernkurve wirklich steil und das Tagesgeschäft sehr fordernd. Die Vergütung ist für junge Manager sehr angemessen und attraktiv.
- interessante Aufgaben - gutes Gehalt
Viel Spielraum für Improvisation und Innovation und viele nette Kollegen
Boite jeune (moyenne d'age des salariés autour de 29 ans) et très dynamique. Bonne formation. Expérience qui se revend très bien sur le marché du travail.
Sehr gute Bezahlung, Reisen nach Luxemburg oder London, Madrid, Prag, Mailand
dynamisch, fair, sehr hochleistungsorientiert, flexibel
carrière / intérêt missions / ambiance / international
- gutes Grundgehalt - junges und dynamisches Team - innovatives Umfeld - Super Unternehmenskultur (Du auf allen Hierchie-Leveln/ Fairer Umgang auf Augehöhe) -
-Gehalt ist nicht der niedrigste mit ca. 10€/Std. aber dennoch zu wenig, nach 5 Jahren ca. bei 13€ -jährlicher Aktienanteil (je höher der Aktienkurs, desto weniger Aktien erhält man) -nach 5 Jahren weiterer Aktienanteil (je nach Aktienkurs, ca. 1000€)  -Mitarbeiterrabatt ? mit 10% und maximal für 1000€ im Jahr
*opportunités de carrière: plan de développement et mentoring *mobilité internationale, environnement international *projets intéressants, responsabilités, challenges *ambiance décontractée *souplesse et flexibilité (travail de la maison, horaires) *forte culture d'entreprise
- hohe Autonomie - geregelte Arbeitszeiten - viele Möglichkeiten intern weiter zu kommen
Gutes Grundgehalt, regelmäßige Lohnerhöhungen, immer wieder nette Ideen, um die Mitarbeiter bei Laune zu halten (z.B. kleine Geschenke, Verlosungen,...), nur 2 Schichten, nette Kollegen und gutes Arbeitsklima, Kantine, kostenlose Getränke, man kann in alle Abteilungen reinschnuppern
tu travail et tu te la ferme
Überdurchschnittlicher Verdienst auch als nicht ausgelernte Kraft
10% sur les produits vendus par Amazon
Schnelligkeit, Mitgestalten, Verantwortung, Karriere, Kantine
boulot simple et equipe sympa
- innovativer und dynamischer Arbeitgeber - Ideen sind gefragt - es wird viel gefordert, man kann aber auch viel erreichen
nettes, junges Team, gute Bezahlung, Umgang mit Versandmitarbeitern positiv, 10 Stunden Regel wird eingehalten
Pionniers, Exigence/Rigueur, Dynamisme, Référence Mondiale
Die Kollegen und der Teamzusammenhalt
Sehr gute Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten und man arbeitet zumindest im Office mit zielstrebigen und kompetenten Kollegen zusammen
culture d'entreprise, on fait partie du pure player du moment, salaire
Excellente ambiance, opportunités de carrière et entreprise très dynamique.
Gemischte Altersstruktur, offener Umgang (Du), gute Bezahlung, flexibler monatlicher Bonus, Aktienpaket (einmalig & jährlich)
l'avantage était la renommée et la performance de l'entreprise, ainsi qu'une vraie orientation client
Vernünftige Sozialleistungen und gutes Grundgehalt
Team, People, Location, shares, vision
Bonne opportunités de croissance à l'international
Lockerer Umgang "Du" über alle Führungsebenen
Tolles Arbeitsklima gutes Gesundheitsmanagment sehr gute kollegen
Salaires avantageux, avantage sociaux, transport, opportunités de develloppement
Gutes Team und es gibt es für alles eine Lösung.
- Jung - Dynamisch - Kreativ - Leistungsorientiert
Spirit eines Startups, internationaler Konzern, abwechslungsreiche Themen
Responsabilité, data driven, lieu de travail, animation, reunion.
Responsabilité, data driven, lieu de travail, animation, reunion.
c'est l'aire d’être toujours à la Fac, il y a une bonne ambiance.
les tâches ont l'air variée
Gehalt, Mitarbeiter Aktien (Nach 2 Jahren), Teamzusammenhalt, Location, Teamunternehmungen (regelmäßige Teamabende
- Travailler avec des gens brillants et intéressants dans l'ensemble et donc apprendre beaucoup - Possibilité de changer de poste fréquemment - Possibilité de faire du Home Office régulièrement
Tolles Team. Offenes Ohr. Sicherheit an erster Stelle . flexible Urlaubsvertretung.
Gute Vergütung, Klare Organisation der Aufgaben, Modernes Bonisystem, reibungsloser Bewerbungsprozess, Bei Eigeninitiative gute Möglichkeiten zur FC internen Weiterbildung, geförderte Weiterbildung (extern)
Bon salaire par rapport aux autres entreprises Primes de 13e mois Actions amazon
Les leadership principles la qualité du recrutement l'ambition qui règne
gutes Gehalt fuer ungelernte schneller Bewerbungsprozess
Junges und innovatives Unternehmen, fast paced
Worlds biggest startup: great spirit, highly motivated colleagues, and a management that is focusing on the long term benefit of the relations that are built. Great place to learn and grow, both professionally and personally.
You work together with some very smart people and have the ownership and freedom to drive your project. Tasks are fun because of the sheer scale that comes with every challenge. There is still a startup mentality embodied deeply into the company.
Good salary and international environment, less hierarchy and more effectiveness than in a traditional French company
La culture, l'obsession avec le client, l'investissement dans le developpement du personnel
Amazon pousse ses employés à se réaliser et à créer de nouvelles choses sous la forme de projets en plus des fonctions attitrées de l'employé Un employé d'Amazon peut facilement changer de job au sein d'Amazon, meme de pays, Amazon nous pousse à nous developper dans le sens que l'on souhaite et nous accompagne. C'est une entreprise ou il fait bon vivre, les employés sont jeunes, dynamiques, motivés, nous avons beaucoup d'activités organisées tout au long de l'année, des espaces de détente dans les bureaux etc
gutes Gehalt nette kollegen gute Bürolage intensives Training
Innovatives Unternehmen, viele junge Mitarbeiter, lockerer Umgang und Kleidungsstil, schöne Bürogebäude, gute Verkehrsanbindung an den öffentlichen Personennahverkehr
Dynamisch trotz der enormen Gröse
Expérience formatrice (pour les juniors et seniors) / salaires au dessus de la moyenne / bureaux agréables
- Mitarbeiterboni -Die Möglichkeit über Weiterbildungsmaßnahmen in seiner Karriere voranzukommen und aufzusteigen.
- gutes Arbeitsklimna - tolle Kollegen - gute Bonusstruktur
-Staplerschein -Gute Kollegen -Schnelle Freundschaften -Gehalt über Mindestlohn -Gehalt ist Pünktlich
sehr flexible, mehr Gehalt und freundlich
Autonomie, Responsabilité, Force de proposition
- Bonne rémunération et avantages - Entreprise intéressante - Expérience très formatrice - Bureaux agréables
Schnelles Wachstum, aber ausgetragen auf den Rücken der Mitarbeiter
Entreprise innovante qui offre une multitude d'opportunités à ses salariés. Un challenge quotidien.
Gute Bezahlung Gute Einbindung auch als Praktikant
- Viel Freiraum und selbstbestimmte Arbeit, Homeoffice möglich, Vertrauensarbeitszeit - junges, dynamisches Team, sehr international - Mitarbeiterbeteiligungen in Form von Aktien für jeden Mitarbeiter - Unternehmenskultur hat sich seit 1995 nicht verändert mit dem Ziel das kundenzentrierteste Unternehmen der Welt zu sein - Firmenevents wie Besuch des Oktoberfestes - Selten ein Unternehmen erlebt wo Entscheidungen so schnell und konsequent vom Management getroffen wurden - sehr gute Gesamtvergütung (Basisgehalt plus Aktien) - Zuschuss Kantinenessen
Für eine derartige Arbeit gut bezahlt Der Hauptmanager sehr nett, generell Manager und Leads am meisten sehr menschlich Gute Aufstiegschancen Gut für Ausländer (Englischkenntnisse reichen aus) Fast jeder bekommt eine Chance
Tolle Unternehmenskultur, spannende Themen, tolles Team
Technophilie à tous les étages, prise de compétence ++, autonomie
Super Kollegen, sehr viel Freiraum, kreative Arbeitsatmosphäre, junges Team, überdurschnittliches Gehalt für einen Berufseinsteiger, man wird von Anfang an top betreut und gecoached
100% Homeoffice möglich Computer und Telefon zu Verfügung gestellt
Motivan mucho al empleado, instalaciones en perfecto estado, compañeros de trabajo excelentes.
Gutes Gehalt Bekanntes und innovatives Unternehmen
Chance auf Karriere, innovativ und ausgereiftes Management, Weiterbildung möglich, gut für den Lebenslauf
Alles Positiv, Gutes Arbeitsklima, tolle mitarbeiter
Trés bonne entreprise, référence mondiale, dynamie, multiculturalisme, apprentissage
Trés bonne entreprise, référence mondiale, dynamie, multiculturalisme, apprentissage
Flexibilität ind Lösungswegen, Offenheit für Ideen, Umweltfreundlichkeit, Boni, Herausforderung, Komplexität, Team-Geist, Arbeitsklima, revolutionäre Herangehensweisen
Me gusta como trabaja la empresa y el trato a los clientes
Freundliche, hilfsbereite Mitarbeiter, internationale Firma, zuverlässige Projektvergabe
super liebe Mitarbeiter, schnelle Prozedur, einfache Gespräche
Verantwortung, Hands-On-Mentalität, Lokales Management, Internationales Netzwerk, Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten
gutes + junges Team vielseitige Tätigkeiten + Verantwortung
Faire Aufstiegschancen auch ohne Berufsausbildung  Möglichkeit in verschiedenen Abteilungen eingesetzt zu werden demnach viel Abwechslung möglich wenn man nur will  Aktien nach 2 Jahren Betriebszugehörigkeit für unbefristet Beschäftigte
Er zijn veel doorgroeimogellijkheden in dit bedrijf die heel erg snel evolueert. Winst participatie en gratis aandelen behoren tot het loonpakket
Vous auriez les droits d'embauché , RTT Congé Mutuelle....
Entreprise dynamique, responsabilités, équipe jeune et motivée
Gute und leckere Kantine und Guter großer Parkplatz und Gute Sicherheitsvorschriften Arbeitszeiten waren auch okay Man konnte sich selber ein Bild von den waren machen
mutuelle, courses, repas, vacances, projets
très bonne ambiance de travail, de nombreux évènements pour penser à autre chose qu'au travail
Man bekommt von Anfang an viel Verantwortung übertragen und fühlt sich als Mitarbeiter wertgeschätzt. Außerdem herrscht in allen Teams eine sehr positive Stimmung und man wird freundlich empfangen.
top firma nice colleagues good manager possibility to move to oder department easy
Angenehme Führungsstruktur, sehr lebendiges Unternehmen
Man kann täglich die meisten seiner Kunden glücklich machen, was einem ein gutes inneres Gefühl gibt. Anfangs scheint der Job abwechslungsreich und spannend zu sein. Aufgrund des hohen Kundenaufkommens kommt nur sehr selten Langeweile auf. Geduldige Ausbilder ohne Zeitdruck und außerhalb sämtlicher Qualtätsparameter.
Entreprise réputée, une excellente opportunité d'apprendre beaucoup sur le monde du commerce en ligne et des Internet en général. Equipes globalement jeunes et brillantes, entreprise internationale, interlocuteurs variés. Christmas party et summer party toujours deux bons moments de l'année.
Salaire, équilibre vie pro / vie perso, apprentissage, possibilités d'évolution
Salaire, équilibre vie pro / vie perso, apprentissage, possibilités d'évolution
Der Job war besser als in den Medien darüber berichtet wird.
- geregelte Arbeitszeiten - viele nette Gesten, Geschenke, Aktionen vom Arbeitgeber
La vie est super belle c est très beau donc très agréable pour bossèrent plus super supérieurs donc au top
Gute bezahlung, gute Mitarbeiter, gutes arbeitsklima, wenn man bei Amazon arbeitet kann man auch däprodukte die man bestellt eher bekommen als jeder andere
Gutes Klima . Nette Kollegen und gutes Geld. Was soll ich noch Schreiben?
-keine langeweile -soziale fähigkeiten -anspruchsvoll Jeder der hier arbeiten will sollte wirklich zugreifen. Kann ich nur empfehlen. Viel spaß noch
Opportunités d volition, salaire et bonne ambiance
Groot en bekend bedrijf veel werkgelegenheid en veel mogelijk eden goed management en niet chaotisch het was erg gezellig en leuk om te werken
Le travail à domicile est un plus non négligeable et très avantageux pour tout type de personnes et tout type de travail
Aufstiegsmöglichkeiten junge Teams keine irrationalen, politischen Entscheidungen Kundenorientierung motivierte Kollegen steile Lernkurve überdurchschnittlich hohe Verantwortung in fast allen Positionen kein Kleidungsstil Zwang
-Viele Möglichkeiten zur Weiterentwicklung (bei entsprechender Leistung) -Sehr viel Verantwortung für Berufseinsteiger (muss man mögen) -Bei Einstellungen stehen Fähigkeiten, nicht primär Studienabschluss im Vordergrund -Erfahrene Kollegen/Vorgesetze (jeden Alters) -Schnelles Arbeitsumfeld -Sehr faire Arbeitszeitregelung (jede gemachte Überstunde kann abgefeiert werden) -Management versucht sich an alternativen Arbeitszeitmodellen (4-Tage Woche)
Bus hasta el trabajo y bono por rendimiento, así como palomitas ilimitadas y te y café en la cafetería. También cuenta con sillones para poder dormir
Multi-Plataforma, ambiente de trabajo, equipos y buen salario y beneficios, buen equipo de trabajo, excelente horario, excelentes instalaciones y compañeros de trabajo
Les avantages ce sont les animations durant le Q4, les boissons, tables de jeux, ordinateurs, télé mise a dispositions gratuites pendant les pauses.
Freundliche Atmosphäre,tolle Chefs,haben immer ein offenes Ohr.Die Arbeit macht sehr viel Spaß!
Gute Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten bei harter und intensiver Arbeit, sehr angenehmes Betriebsklima mit einer starken Firmenkultur. Hands-on Mentalität und hilfsbereite Kollegen und Manager.
Sehr gute bezahlung flexibele zeiteinzeilung Arbeitszeit und Klima ebenfalls Topp ab und an kannst auch Stressig werden aber damit kommt man zurecht
Il y a des avantages conséquent tel que le fait que Amazon prend du temps avec ses employés et ne les traites pas mal comme certaines grandes entreprises
Ich möchte erdbebenzuber max bitte mir geben Sie mir bitte jemand helfen könnte ich mir das nicht so gut wie keine andere Wahl
