Volume of work is sometimes unmanageable,
Brand on Your Resume: After many years of losing market share and struggling to be at the front end of innovation and the fact that there's 90,000 employees, don't think MSFT is necessarily going to be attractive on your resume to more agile and smaller companies.  Managing Your Career: Make you say this out loud so it registers - 90,000 employees work there. Double that for vendors. It is VERY hard to "stand out" and move up in the company. Don't expect your manager to be much of an advocate or enabler to help you meet your career goals - they are basically trying to survive the stack rank every year too. Not familiar with the stack rank? Check out the 2012 Vanity Fair article called "Microsoft's Lost Decade".
I see no cons at this time
Can't think of any right now
Can be hard to transfer internally
Many horrible managers who are more focused on politics and their own self being.
do not have specific cons.
It's a Big company, so expect mechanics/logistics of working in a big company
Observed no notable cons for the company. Amazing experience working here.
Employees get too comfortable with the benefits and loyalties and might stick to a single team in Microsoft for a long time
Too many processes and it's a big company so it's easy to get lost in the crowd
While Satya has done a terrific job of changing the culture to a more positive stance, There is still a ways to go to achieve his "One Microsoft" vision.
Inefficiencies from time to time
Management can be risk aversive
a large share of workforce close to retirement and doesn't incur curiosity in day to day work
none that I can point out
Sometimes crunches can last longer than expected.
Misleading ideology statements, no HR response to toxic work environment complaints, bad work/life balance, entrenched corporate culture undermines company focus.
Salary, hierarchical, deep rooted long term relationships/loyalties in teams made it hard for new team members.
time consuming and tasking on brain
Start very early in the morning. Need to be in the field during bad weather.
Organizational decision making and prioritization can be problematic depending on the org and how your team fits into the org charter.
If you start at the retail level, you are unlikely to move to corporate. There is a lot of unnecessary jargon to learn. At the end of the day it is still retail and with retail comes all the ups and downs of that industry.
Cost savings means less collaboration. Teams will just stop doing a function, not considering the impacts to other teams and then upper management gets upset at teams delivering services on why they can't perform.  Tools and processes are blockers big time. More tools and processes are created to try and help the old processes and tools making for a complicated interrelated matrix with minimal cooperation between teams  No advancement outside of Seattle and if you are good at a role, its hard to "be allowed" to move on.
Most execs still have no idea how to deal with the AI revolution.
Lower salary than other large software companies in area
The company encourages a culture of managers and leads publicly reprimanding their reports for technical or performance reasons. Such feedback should be given in a private office or conf room setting rather than in hallways. An aggressive performance culture is great and poor performers can be terminated, but that should be done without humiliating well qualified engineers in front of their colleagues.
long working hours at times
Very little room for advancement because there are so few stores. There is almost no accountability unless they don't like you. Mixed messaging is common, but the bottom line is that you'll be expected to just do as you're told.
salary is too low. too many levels.
SDEs writes good leetcode solutions yet fail to make a product with good quality (most of them caused by poor design). Project managers who're always bossing around, rarely doing something meaningful but got promoted so much easier compared to SDEs.
I have none to report now
Management is reluctant for any positive change
Work-life balance can be achieved, but since others don't know how to, many will expect you to give unhealthy amount as well.
There were no downsides to working here.
Every other aspect that one could imagine. Please see advice to management.
Review system was not very transparent and subject to perception rather than performance (in the 10 years prior).
Career development, slow pace etc.
Not diverse in terms of thinking, ability, gender, race. The culture of the company is quite top-down as opposed to networked and empowered. Success can be dependent on one's relationship to their manager, as opposed to a multi-pronged performance system that considers teamwork, output, and learning... as the company touts.
1. Some teams, growth is a problem
Complex/matrixed organization requires patience for orientation and alignment
Not all pockets of middle management are open minded and seeking to be disruptive. Tenure has a bias.
Loose on process, heavy on PM's to compensate. Compensation is middle-of-the-pack. And we're still compensated on a curve, even if the compensation policy claims there's no ranking.
bad stress load on the field
Pays a little less than other industry leaders
Dynamics silo of product development
Combative culture (getting better), if bad manager - you're screwed or need to move.
Can be frustrating to deal with the politics and bureaucracy.
For working for a tech company and doing first hand problem solving, you only get minimum wage. Also their point of sale devices were always either not working or very slow making sales difficult.
like any corporation, there are always some games to play in order to move ahead
Performance is highly objective based on your manager
Growth is slow but worth it
There is a lot of pressure, but that again will depend on management. Probably not best for people who want to coast into retirement.
Interview process is too complicated with generic questions from the 90's like "What are your strengths".
You truly have to enjoy politics to work here. This company is more about popularity than productivity.  Hierarchical, deep rooted long term relationships and loyalties in teams make it hard for new employees to be successful.  If you think you are here for the exciting technology you are fooling yourself. You must love Powerpoint and Excel to work at Microsoft. You will spend 90% of your time building and finding decks and spreadsheets unless you are in a developer type role.  Microsoft sales teams are only customer focused when it's renewal or sales time. After the renewal, if it doesn't make them money they do not care.  Our customers use our technology more than we do. We are just beginning to fully implement Microsoft Teams almost a full year after our customers have struggled with it.  Our internal systems are awful. Our vast IP is in so many places and so difficult to find you will spend days trying to find a Powerpoint Deck. Trying to find a internal resource is even more difficult.  Partners still rule and the Services Group is the red headed step child of the organization. Avoid being employed on the Services side of Microsoft if you want a long term career. Services will never hit their numbers and are considered to be a drain on the organization as a whole.  The leadership is also lackluster and out of touch. They are so concerned with promoting women, due to a recent lawsuit, they are promoting incapable women in positions they are not qualified for. I am a woman and while I appreciate the change in Microsoft's position on hiring women, they belittle me when they hire women not because they are the best candidate but because the need to make their numbers. More women suffer under their poor leadership than succeed because of a hiring quota percentage.
Mid-level management is horrible. Too many people trying to protect their cushy MSFT jobs.  MSFT has gone way to far down the political-correctness rat hole. Culture is difficult to navigate now.
Compensation below the average of many companies
Some of the typical big company challenges - cumbersome processes, sometimes tough to find what you need.
The people are a little boring
not paid well enough, position not secure
Low salary in comparison to other top companies
The reality of this situation is when you are a contractor, you are not treated the same as FTEs. Contractors are considered "second class" and do not get the same treatment as FTEs. Irrespective of how successful you may be or your potential, the reality is Managers focus their time and grooming on FTEs.
Huh old style but wasn’t that hard it was relaxing
Dirty Office politics Undeserving people getting promoted
Overall compensation makes people sad
Big company with big company politics.
Slow paced company, not a fan of using their products, especially Word
- execution on culture change is not adopted by everybody - ESPP plan not very generous
Hierarchical Culture that is difficult to work with as a new hire.
Straight up, it's like working for a benign communist country. There is sometimes surreal levels of bureaucracy, quirky hoops to jump through, old warlords you have to pay tribute to if you want to get things done, etc. People are nice and this has changed some under Satya but there is a lot of historical baggage still existing.
There has been age discrimination from upper management/HR behind "attract young talents". Old people get laid off / fired easily (with reasons that don't make sense), and young people get hired easily.  Also, even though CEO may be trying to change the culture, the workplace is still old political battle ground. It may depend on your manager and division you work for. So, do your research if you are thinking about any position there.
There is no cons actually.
Some unneeded bureaucracy, part of employment in any corporation.
None from my experience :)
Relatively lower stock grants than similar companies (facebook, google, amazon, netflix etc.)
Office politics can be abysmal
internal competition, too many reorgs, some systems have bad support, incompetence of some workers
Slow to react to the change
no free food, bonus refreshment
Performance review process is terrible. You never really know how you are doing. Managers don't understand it and can't help you.
Not as great perks as Bay Area tech companies (no free food, coffee bars, etc) but overall I enjoyed my experience
Office politics Can feel like a small gear in a big machine
Some of the decisions are top down and hard to follow the “why” behind the direction. But really that is the case in most large organizations.
the customers, not a good long-term career solution, hard to transition to corporate
Big company bureaucracy can be frustrating
there were none that I could determine
salary is lower comparing to other companies
Need to juggle work/life balance and be aware of it with competing priorities
There is a belief in some offices that bringing in a leader/manager from outside will be better than growing talent from within.
It is a big company so it is expected that you would find politics. There is some reverse discrimination due to over-indexing on diversity in the hiring process. It gets even more pronounced the more senior the roles. But worst part - still some empire builders who act like they are inclusive yet are quite vicious behind the scenes.
1. Take advantages of vendors oversea and H1b labors in many different ways 2. Bad review system and famous for giving low ball offer to industry hire (Employee get hatred for referring talented friends) 3. Poor management insights. Try to save budget from employees penny from penny while losing big pie in market from competitors 4. Isolated tech stack and poor internal tooling. Lose values as you spend more times and hard to find jobs elsewhere. 5. Backstabbing culture. Be a politician after quit from Microsoft. 6. Slow promotion and merit cannot be more than inflation (depend on team but applies to most teams) 5. Everyone fight to make bigger impact and no one really care about the quality. Yes, Bill said 'If you cannot get it right, make it looks right'. 6. Over engineering within the team and between products. Middle management care about their careers and the only way to get promoted is to backstab, fancy ppt, and visibility. Customer and product? go to hell 7. Management do not care about employee. They care about business and numbers
Constant reorg's and change can be hard
Low growth for senior career
I'd be cool to work on fresh products or projects.
Not all teams are great.
Finding mentors to help grow business acumen in IT
Stack is old and hard to use.
It seems it's 50/50 on if you like where you get placed or not. Half love where they are and half do not. Also, as with working at almost any large company, decisions are usually top down, and it's pretty meeting driven. Meetings are not inherently a bad thing, but it's especially apparent here.
I would like management to keep it up
Long hours. Too much beuracracy
Lack management, office political
Pay isn't that great- but it was enough
Lack of training. Even when provided with training events, seems the facilitators or the training material is way over your head at that point in Microsoft. Once you gain a better understanding of your role, that naturally comes with time, you’ll really wish someone would’ve explained everything to you like you were 5 years old from the get go. It seems they try to go level 500 immediately rather than giving overviews, and this goes for a lot of different initiatives throughout the company. Rather than trying to sound extremely smart with 30 slides with 500 words or more per slide, get to the point and speak in simple terms that we will understand and can portray to our customers.
- Poorer tech infrastructure compared to Google/FB/etc.
I have no cons for this job.
Sometimes, it gets really rowdy and loud when there are kids around or an event that is happening, but sometimes this is an awesome part, of working there.
Management didn’t seem to care
huge company, it's really hard to understand what other LOB are doing
Big company can lead to confusion
Lots of bad middle managers Poor long term vision in most orgs Title plays a large role in how others treat you
politics all over the places.
- Politics is rampant in most teams
Layoffs and poor communication from CVP
There are a lot of PMs hired into any organization - so getting a project with large scope can be difficult.
most teams arent good. Stagnation is real.
Lack of training in beginning. No bootcamps
Constant reorgs, radical diversity hiring philosophy, management decisions go from one extreme to another, no real middle ground. Tier 1 managers don't manage. Lots of back stabbing due to the stack ranking review process.
Old corporate culture and fatter mid management
Nothing I can think of
Can be competitive culture, large company brings its on problems of agility and speed, processes can be long and arduous.
It's a big corporation work culture which has a hierarchy making a decision slow down. You don't hear a happy loud laugh here but quite working in front of your monitor which can be a little sad if you are looking for a friendly and fun work culture.
No much coding at least for Windows org.
Fatter mid management No new ideas
Not as exciting and fast-moving as other tech companies, at least on my team
No control over what your target numbers are -
Lots of red tape, still a gentleman's club, top heavy managment
employees who have been there for a long time have no motivation at all and it feels like they come to work "to pay the bills". Felt like everyone was being micromanaged
Technology is moving fast and you need to keep up above all things.
I don't have any cons
Hard to advance, demanding at times
Too many cancelled projects due to political issues. Difficult to shift careers at higher levels.
Compensation is lower than at competitors, re-organizations are far too frequent, too much politics, somewhat chaotic, not the best engineering tools
Too much churn of dev resources
Hard to get promoted within the company
Poor management, culture, vision, job
Political environment, feeling of stability but can be cut anytime, people can have ego issues
Mature company need to be a bit more agile
low salary, management heavy, product full of bugs
Location is mainly east side
Processes can sometimes be all over the place. There can be some lack of focus in what your team is trying to achieve but this really depends on the organization you’re in.
Difficult to know when to stop working
They expect a lot and in the end you are just a number to be used or disposed as needed.
It has become the IBM of old, with bureaucracy and inertia dulling the competitive edge.
Compensation is something need to improve.
Lack of Diversity was a big one for me. I never felt like I fit in.
Several recruiting leaders lack external talent market knowledge and yet are responsible for driving recruiting forward
No cons, loved everything about this company
- The ratio of PMs to engineers is ridiculous. There are only a handful of engineers for every PM in my org. Our backlog keeps growing, while the features with the best "visibility" and the least amount of investments gets resourced.  - Many of the PMs are non-technical. They've landed this job due to dumb luck, then wonder why the over-worked engineers can't get this done faster. When work items take longer than expected, IC PMs are pressed to ask them to "work faster".  - The more talented people at the company leave. Those who stay are the ones who can't get jobs with similar pay elsewhere. Those who stay and take on work with great "visibility" great promoted. This means that product planning tends to be short sited. Seniors only want to work on something they can get done before the next review period.  - It's getting more difficult to recruit. PMs are joining in increasing numbers from non-technical domains. They may have domain knowledge in the space, but they're not engineers. This is going to exasperate the problems I mentioned above.  - Upper management is very disconnected from the reality of building software in the modern age. Most of them haven't touched code in decades, or have been around since the early days of the Internet. They think we are a first-class engineering company, yet we don't have real time metrics, continuous deployment, technical debt controls, testing...  - Not agile, despite at the rhetoric.  - We're so much on building a culture around everything except having a great software engineering team.
Highly political, advancing levels to director or above can take time even when you have measurable impact YoY.
Limited space to share and implement ideas
Stay away from WSD (Windows Servicing and Deliverables). It is made of teams that don't develop any new features, and pretty much just backport fixes all the way to Windows Vista
Meals are not free and food is not good.
Highly political, advancing levels to director or above can take time even when you have measurable impact YoY.
too much heavy work on weekends onsite too
A little bit late than other company
- credit for tasks , stolen and claimed by team members - Managers will no real skillset and so unable to understand the performance of hard working team members - only the loudest voice heard but not people who think their work speaks for them
Slow advancement, annual rewards are skewed.
Disconnect in execution between leadership in Redmond and the field. It’s getting better though.
No so good salary and in house perks
Lot of variance in technical capabilities of peers
Many disparate tools and processes, disjointed management
not applicable in any case
no free food, not a leader in consumer
It's more than being a Learning Specialist - my role transformed into an Assistant Manager without the pay. Both responsibilities made it challenging at times.
Customers arent always the most pleasant to deal with.
unpredictable work hours based on team
Lots of politics, not really a fun place to work anymore
Stressful, high-energy, tight schedules, and lots to do. Review process keeps you on the treadmill.
No free food. Other companies offer free food.
Possibly below industry standard maybe?
Microsoft Data center's have terrible morale and no career structure, if you are looking for long term goals and career growth look else where.
Very functional orgs which discourages taking an end to end perspective on the business and the company
you are stuck using windows
Engineering disconnect from field sales. Microsoft has had a very engineering-focused culture in the past, and sales is seen/treated as an afterthought or necessary evil. That's beginning to change somewhat, depending on the product/service and division.
mildly dislike being limited to the .NET stack
- The amount of time spent in Powerpoint is egregious. STOP wasting so much time “telling the story” and build some freakin’ customer centric features.  - Program management is not product management. They literally don’t have the modern product skill set. They have a project management/timeline based skill set and therefore, it needs to be handed over to UX immediately.  - Engineering has little accountability. Once a year, on every team, it becomes clear that engineering is taking their sweet time and using technical obfuscation (everyone else’s lack of tech stack knowledge) to buy more time.  - Engineering has WAY too much input on experiences which they have no expertise in. I can’t tell you how many devs I have had to “convince” to do the right thing for customers. I appreciate collaboration, but devs are in a role to help execute the strategies of UX and product management, they don’t need to have input into the strategy, just the tech efficiencies within it...because you aren’t qualified or empathetic enough to do so.  - Once you become a senior, suddenly just being great at your job is not good enough and in order to receive any small portion of your already peanut sized bonuses, you will be expected to go “above & beyond” your role and will be viewed as an under performer if you don’t. It’s insane that a 100k person company would expect anyone to stand-out. It is a waste of time, just reward people for doing their jobs well and leave people alone.
the thing about this company they hate conservatives. you say you love trump and they give you a look like theres no tomorrow.
A bit rigid in terms of structures
Favoritism Retail Mall environment
Org can feel huge, given the scale and diversity of their operation
Career progress can be slower than expected, due to tough competition for open roles.
As with any rewarding role it is equally demanding. There is a lot to keep up with.
layers and reporting get in the way of doing your best work
Lake most large organizations, it is difficult to navigate and know who is who.
Confusing management structure, some times causes communication problems.
it can get pretty bureaucratic
No cons. Very nice company
Cons, very long hours of work.
Lots of material to learn which will be relayed to clients, as to why they should use Microsoft's product
Inconsistent management - some are excellent and others simply manage up - annual reviews were done to fit within pre-defined buckets as opposed to bottom up evaluation. That was changing as I left with Satya as the CEO - it was heading in the right direction.
Performance review is based on how close you’re with manager. Very politics culture. Everything is connection.
Only true geeks can really love the place - not really a con for me. Also it hasn't grown much in a decade so opportunities for promotions are really rather limited. Young ones and diversity candidates are definitely favored there - but regardless even if you are young and "diverse" and you really want to get to the top you will have a much better chance at a smaller fast growing company.
I see a decrease in people ownership and accountability
Like any larger company... politics.
No upward growth locally, new retail store growing pains
Hard to stand out in a large organization with many smart people. Too many layers of management.
The environment can be somewhat political and bonuses are not as advertised
I can't think of any cons
I ended up in a position where I wasn't able to grow my skills. I became good only at the job that I currently had.
It might be important to choose the group. The food is okay but many employers would choose to eat outside.
long hours and long meetings
for a PFE, travel is a big Con, it can be quite a bit depending on if you are Dedicated or Transactional. 80% utilization metric can be tough to hit all close to your home. Services division has been in a bit of flux/re-org since I joined three years ago, tools are dated, difficult to use and make doing your job difficult. Delivery options can be limited depending on your domain/skillset.
Benefits offered is less compared to others
Re .org every six months
None I can think of right now.
No cons really as you have to work a lot and then you get much out of it else work for a less ambitious company
Nothing is to complain about I loved it
Little work / life balance
Make you pay for the snacks through vending machines in each building kitchen. Noncompetitive compensation. Slow response to the market opportunities. Good visions but sometimes poor execution on the upper managerial level. Bureaucracy and overhead sometimes lead to slow progress and reduced productivity.
Internal performance reviews are a pain, take away from the enjoyment of your position
Career Path for bigger Jobs.
At times it did feel as though you were just a number given the size of the company.
Pay lower than competitors such as Amazon, Google
Too many re-orgs and projects got cut at very late stage. Wasting time and Money! Not put effort to build up teams and good products in Silicon Valley Campus
sporadic change in policies year after year
Still a ways to go on collaboration. When reorgs happen, people still bring along select people from old teams vs trusting new people.
Lots of pressure to overachieve
It is a big company and hard to control end-to-end flow.
office politics, usual stuff in big companies
Large company, lots of politics
Things move slowly at the company - developing on legacy software and engineering systems, corporate bloat in decision making, tendencies to focus on profits rather than quality of product
Work can get hectic at times
They don't keep the same mentality.
Management is a lot of veterans basically just collecting stock
Expect the most work and offers the least pay out of the amount of work you actually do. Retail would not be the best way to move up if you wanted to go into the corporate world. It's all about politics and finding who's butt you have to kiss if you start off at the retail level. Promise a work-life balance but will call you if you are running their business department. I literally worked a role that made 3x my salary and was not deemed fit to be hired for the role because of my age.
Non. Basically, it is like a faculty position in a university with higher salary
May need to do a better job on product innovation.
Not a great place to work if you are a non-minority male (including Asians as they are not considered minority). Managers are hinted to hire diversity candidates over talented non-diversity candidates.
political is a big problem
Pay is low, low benefit, no free food, need to do full loop of interview to change team
Need better ceo and better overhead
Some big company red tape, but expected
The politics can be hard for some people to navigate. My team was always undermanned, so the workload tended to be unbalanced. Very frequent org changes and strategy changes.
1. Engineering process contains lots of frictions. 2. product iterations are slow.
not any worth to be mentioned
Some bad stuff. No free food.
Challenge to move vertically in field
Difficult to really get into leadership
Rams inclusiveness down your throat and sets strange diversity goals that are not based on merit.
Duplication of roles, multiple people in diff groups working on the same thing, lack of clarity from upper management, running around in circles to react to requests from CVPs, old school buildings (can’t bring dogs), global CORP roles expectation to work crazy hours
"Doing the right thing" can be hard, lots of time required and process gets in the way
Challenge to move vertically in field
Need a lot of dedication
Terrible internal politics, more resistance internally with Microsoft-own internal teams than externally with customers
I highly do not recommend UST (Universal Store Team)
Slow mover and you can get stuck .
- Unreasonable expectations at times
Not any cons to think of
too big .. get lost in the ocean sometimes
Sometimes you’re just about ready to have too much fun!
As a big company, it's hard to get recognized and stand out.
Not much room to grow and move up.
Most jobs will be in Redmond, Washington.
Hard to leave, easy to get comfortable
You are expected to deliver results. This is not a con, really, but you cannot ride your past successes. Deliver results and get rewarded.
inflexible deadlines and tedious SQL query writing
Slow moving, , suffers from not-invented-here syndrome
A little to focused on molding the perfect HR ratios of an idealized demographics vs. just having the best people for the any team.
field leadership and culture can be very political.
Old thinking still lingers in some teams and is hard to change. The company is still not nimble enough to take advantage of new trends and is missing on some big opportunities.
Youth movement in Management Focus on diversity and not on capability
Bereaucracy. Org (which you may have no control over) can determine your career progression. Managers can prevent you from switching in non-transparent ways Senior employee astroturfing.
I’m still pretty shocked at my experience since day 1. I’ll try to leave emotion out of it and share the historical events that occurred to remain truthful and not exaggerate. When I first came in as an MBA here, I was brought into my dream finance role. 24 hours after joining, my manager went on paternity leave for about 8 weeks. I heard from him a couple of times in that timeframe and that was about it. I got started working on some onboarding projects and everything was more or less fine. My office was on the other side of the building so I didn’t get to sit next to my team for the first 7 months. My teammates never really came by to say hi so it was tough to build new relationships with them, having to walk over constantly to try to connect. After my manager returned, he only talked to me a handful of times. I’d say I sat in about 8 hours worth of 1-1’s over my whole year there. I never received a performance review or feedback on a single project. I never received a quarterly or year end performance review. I never heard that I did well, but was reassured that that wasn’t my manager’s style. He’s never really one to say “good job”. Not great management. I never felt like I was wanted in that role, and I heard from numerous people that I was placed in that role by a recruiter and was never actually placed in an open role and thus I wasn’t really wanted from day 1.  Now for the part that I still am just in shock around. In my organization, I was the only white person. About 3 different times, in team meetings, jokes were made about how I wouldn’t understand something or couldn’t relate because I was white and not Asian/middle eastern. I just brushed it off and laughed, but felt like I experienced a form of racism that I had never felt before. Having not felt like part of the team ever and then had them make jokes about my race at my expense... it really didn’t feel good. But, because I’m Caucasian and not something else, if never felt like I could say anything about it because it’s Seattle and many people believe racism against Caucasian people isn’t possible. I would disagree based on my experience.  At the end of my time, after declaring I was leaving, I never heard from a single HR rep. I had so much I needed to share and I didn’t even get an email about my departure. Nothing. Zero. No form of exit interview. No goodbye. Nothing. So now I’m sharing this all here because I didn’t get to share it internally. It was the strangest exit I’ve ever had.  The moral is: people leave managers, not companies. Microsoft is a spectacular company, but my management experience was really, really poor and HR really dropped the ball here. I was so sad too having come into my dream job and feeling unwanted completely from day 1. I would’ve stayed if even one person showed that they cared in the least. I had shared this with multiple friends there on my last day who had been there for years and they were in utter disgust and shocked that HR had never reached out. They reached out on my behalf and even that didn’t trigger a response.  I’m just really shocked and sad. I was really excited to build a career at Microsoft and chose to leave due to this experience.
Disorganized silos reorg Performace rough
Worst people managers. Review process is a joke. It’s all about who likes who. Pay is weak vs competitors.
A lot of old timers who've just forgotten that they've got to do something in the day. Slackers. Politics and brown-nosing preempt work and delivering. The management team is mostly made of the former Windows Vista managers who're still around. They're so hands-off that the teams are left by themselves. No coherence or control of the little work being done. No opportunity to learn or grow.
processes are complex, things take time
Slow to innovate. Culture of producing software with bugs, or not implement features so that major launch deadlines will be hit.
I think the salary is less competitive than other companies.
Exposure to limited technologies and frameworks
legacy app pain, uncertain about future of product, some team members were miserable to work with
Politics , re-org, no direction
the pay is not that competitive compared with Facebook/Amazon/Google
Underpaid when compared to other large tech companies.
Large company can make transitioning hard.
Management can be a bit of a coin toss and bureaucracy reigns supreme across all groups
Large companies have their downfalls - endless loops to get things done.
low salary compare to other similar companies
-Low stock refreshers compared to the industry -Slower career progression -Great work life balance is exploited by some "slackers" which demotivates teams sometimes
I really like my job
-Low stock refreshers compared to the industry -Slower career progression -Great work life balance is exploited by some "slackers" which demotivates teams sometimes
I really like my job
Not the most exciting products except for a few ones
can't think of any as of the moment
Always swamped at work, office politics is rampant.
A lot of the side work expected can take away from work-life balance
long hours, hard job, too much work
An engineering company trying to be a sales organization with solutions but living in a silod compensation plan which makes it hard
management and leadership should be ashamed. they bully their employees and play major favorites. they talk about cleaning house so they have employees that will follow everything they say (even when they are completely in the wrong) when it should be the managements team to be "cleaned".
Race to not be the one with the target on your back. The company has a policy to eliminate a certain percentage of employees every year. Even if you're doing well, if someone doesn't care for you in any way you're out. It's a very stressful way to live. They say they hire from within but they let you know "new blood" is better.
I was an ICE agent. I was so grateful to have worked there but I soon found due to a personal issue with co workers, I was not trained as well as I should. I am lucky I knew Inventory. I had several workers take others badges and when I spoke upon it, It was shoved under the rug. Security is so important in this position and I had a lot of issues with unauthorized access, manager badge sharing and policies being ignored. I know I ruined any chance to work there but the honest truth is, I left because I was afraid it would be my head when senior co workers were the ones breaking the policies. I worked in government so these are very important to follow.
More bleach needed at times.
Slightly lower pay than other companies in the area.
the salary is mush lowball
- performance model still feels too forced, just do away with forced curves and hold managers more accountable. if they allow low performers to stick around m, remove the manager instead of forcing a curve where it doesn’t apply - pay could be a bit higher, especially given company performance over the past several years
things can be weirdly political as far as org roles and responsibilities, funding, etc.
A little less salary compare to competitive companies.
It has gotten way too big and even Satya took over, political play all over the place
Lean has become the key attribute of success at many of today’s leading companies. At Microsoft however, it’s noticeably absent. Most of the Product managers I’ve worked with don’t even understand SCRUM, a methodology derived from TPS \ Lean. MS would be wise to look at how companies like Amazon and Nordstrom have implemented Lean in every area of the company.
There agent any cons at this time
Can't really think of any yet
Stack ranking system and tactical thinking within sales organization.
Things run on excel worksheets
Very strict late policy, kinda forced to do volunteer outings
There are some corporate politics that happens, but its part of a company of this size.
Not at main campus, support is still support at the end of the day and comes with a mitigated version of the norm.
Get rid of your re-branded rankings. The zero rewards is a scarlet letter and unfair. It's a way to give people your manager likes (even if they under-perform) a ton of money and leave you with nothing to force you to quit. There's no way out of it. None. Many of the managers are immoral and protected and they have ALL power in their hands with no accountability for their actions (I've even heard managers joke about it over dinner). If they don't like you, they will take all your credit, give you all their blame, and bully you until you quit. I've personally stopped 2 suicide attempts from manager bullying since I've been here. This is not a game, this is people's livelihood. I've also seen people given offers to fake positions just to let go of them one month later into the new role. Look it up! There is so much corruption and bias.
Finding a role that excites you is complicated.
Too much politics and power play
NY Metro is worst place to work. Its RACIST white man club .. if you are anything else treated like POS.
Still many old habits of long timers
Talent retention, strategy aligment
Less promotion. Less growth directions
It's a big company so sometimes bureaucracy can get in the way Middle management is still the fastest way to career advancement, so that basically encourages mediocrity in 1st level managers
pay not the best for job
Traffic in Seattle area is awful, making commute difficult. Cost of living (mainly housing) is approaching California-like levels of absurdity
None that I can say of
Although they try to allow for work-life balance, this industry and company by nature is 24x7 and achieving a happy medium between work and life a difficult.
Slow moving at times. Always at the risk of reorg
At Microsoft you don't get a lot of the flashy things that other companies get, like free lunch or a gym on campus. Also management has gotten more stingy in the last few years and now our morale events are very lack luster and boring.
Typical of big companies, not many opportunities to make an impact at junior levels.
As with any large company there is still a bit of politics to deal with.
None that I can say of
-Management can be hit or miss, some managers are awesome while others are useless -You have to wear multiple hats in the company, despite your job title and description -Be ready to work hours than usual -Cut throat environment, be careful of who you trust within the organization
changing jobs, pay is highly variant
teams do not share information internally with contractors
Hierarchically not lean. Red tapes to innovate.
White Male in 40's, top of level being pushed out to bring in young hires - so that's good for the young and building a diverse workforce.
Career growth and opportunities are limited
Politics Terrible review system Politics who you know is more important than what.
As with any big company, getting things done is always challenging given the hierarchical management system.
Long timers are not agile, and don't want new blood.Make
Sometimes is hard to get ideas through. The culture does not promote creativity. It's more like a manager manager's have an idea and then it goes down. Most of the time ideas that come from up are shut down fast and it kills creativity. I would suggest having a work env where you can easily switch teams and work on other projects. Have all code available for all, not just for x,y,z.
- Internal politics: If you make a recommendation and someone with the right management level doesn't attach their name to it will never get off the ground. On the flip side, if you're a high enough level manager they will let you burn through millions of dollars with only the most vague impression of what your initiative is. - I ran out of work a lot and was very bored. Having free time sounds great at first, but after a couple years you begin to question whether your job is really necessary. - Trying to move into different parts of the company is as hard as just leaving
Collaboration is an issue. Slow progress.
Work life balance. Very short project development schedule between build cycles, which made it often difficult to verify design changes before builds. You must rely on your experience and engineering judgment to come up with thoughts and make a call. The build cycle is your chance of validating your design with great expectation from management for design quality.
some bureaucracy, annual salary raises not the best
Uncompetitive total compensation, India Delivery Arm, numerous re-orgs
Lack of career growth options
Some consulting gigs require a lot of traveling
Less interesting work bench warmers
too much "politics", work and life balance is off, management expects you to do their job (may depend on a team)
Compensation is slightly lower than comparable positions at Google, Amazon, or Facebook, but culture more than compensates in my opinion.
small environment, tight lab space
Locations can have limitations for certain positions or career growth.
Limited positions to move up into in retail, but the company is actively trying to change that
it is getting too big.
They try to "teach" you too much too quickly in the form of elearnings but do little actual hands on training to solidify the content in you brain. Priorities can shift on a dime. There can at time be too many focuses.
PEOPLE still have to progress Satya's agenda, and a lot of those who worked under the "old guard" still operate with a fixed mindset. Satya is working hard to shift the culture into that of the "growth mindset", but people don't leave companies, they leave managers, and Microsoft is going to lose a lot of great talent as the company works through such a paradigm shift.
Under-utilization of talent, reorganization fatigue, loss of talent in some groups and lack of accountability for some leaders in how they treat their employees.
Most likely requires flexible schedule
Slow Culture Change, but going in the right direction
not much flexibility, less freedom than wanted
not much to think of any
Management in Retail isn't like in Corporate, cannot escalate to skip or elsewhere or you get in trouble Schedule is flexible, but not much unless you're a PA or SVA as there are more of them throughout Retail Might only be two or three of you at most, so management isn't looking to move you elsewhere Hard to move elsewhere in the store Sometimes management doesn't appreciate what your role does for the store Your coworkers might not understand how much work your job entails and might treat you with disrespect Pay raises are yearly negative or positive aligned with everyone else in the store. If a lot of people get a higher raise, you're probably getting less
Redmond based, getting top heavy and politics at play.
Not top level pay I guess, not sure
Large companies always have overhead and complexity.
Old tech stack. Not great at agile methodologies or at adopting new open source frameworks.
Too much pressure from the regional management
The salary in Microsoft is too low
Large organization. Hard to navigate when just starting out.
You need to know how to navigate through organizational politics if you want to grow.
Facilities are team rooms, with little organization so that you're in a 40 person room with 50 people from different orgs.
salary is lower than competitors', the company doesnt embrace internal transfers, so you will have to pass full interview again
some teams can reimagine to align with rest of company
No cons as of now
The base salary is not that high.
* Microsoft's senior leadership talk a good game, but working on a team day to day doesn't reflect the reality * Way too many egotistical, toxic senior engineers who have coasted for years and silo'd domain knowledge and are "too technical" to let go are the ones who truly run the show. Pray you don't find yourself on a team with one of these. * Outdated tools for building and deploying means even simple straightforward changes are painful to get through, doubly so for legacy products * Lateral moves are completely self-driven. Nobody really cares about your individual career advancement. Managers are too stressed out to do anything but get their features shipped in time * People rave about the WLB but this is entirely team dependent and individually driven. I often see people arrive before 8am and don't leave until past 7pm. * Long meetings. Inefficient meetings. Meetings meetings meetings where people tend to ask "smart" questions and nothing really productive comes out of it
It's hard to move up
A very bureaucratic environment creating friction within
Lack of employee health programs, no fitness center, communication among peers, little team building.
There is very limited upside if you have worked there for more than 12 years. The funnel starts to become very, very, very narrow for opportunities and growth possibilities. Unless you have solved world hunger in hte last 12 months, you will be asked to leave at some point - so be ready with Plan B. You are almost guaranteed the necessity of pulling the rip cord.
Bad management, and poor design flow
It is retail, but it is the best as it gets.
Too many politics in daily work
A lot of quota pressure, could be difficult
Slow, lack of directions. Lack of code sharing. you can have hundreds of teams working on the same problems with thousands of different solutions
Lack of company culture & constant changes .
- your manager won’t be your advocate , coach or mentor - outdated reward system - lack of company culture, low morale budget, employees encouraged to organize potlucks to save morale budget - easier to promote by leaving the company and coming back
Management quality varies widely from team to team. Ranges from good leaders to criminally abusive managers.
too many hours of work
- Like any large organization politics can play a big role on decision - Depending on unit and team, Life balance is not high in priority
Redmond centric company. 360 reviews conducted but manager has the final say.
The programs and teams have changed so much that I want to have a chance for change. It has been over 5 years.
Sometimes the program managers stole credits from you because they pretend to know everything you are doing and they drive the agenda of a project.
hard to advance in career, will have to move to do so MGMT still stuck in old retail mind, can be like working at Best Buy
bad culture, too many managers, too many pms
Architecture wise needs more collaboration
Working at such a large company, your main challenge can be to stand out when it comes to review time. In this same vein, it is difficult to maintain a healthy work life balance when others are willing to sacrifice nights and weekends more often than not.
Stack ranking Review process Lower pay than other top tier tech companies.
The bureaucracy that comes with a big corporation can be difficult to navigate.
Continues to have duplicate jobs within the business unit, performance evaluation model following heavily on diversity and inclusion model
There are no cons its amazing
with the team i was on i always felt like i was on the chopping block even though i was doing good work and work that was important to the products future success. Management was not in touch with ICs.
You don’t want to do technical sales at Microsoft. Technical sellers are the most undervalued roles in company. When its convent, management will speak of its technical sellers as “sales.” But when it comes to compensation, the technical seller is dead last. Technical sellers end up doing most of the sales motion (qualification, sales, licensing, pricing & solution estimation) but have little if any upside. As a technical seller, you can easily work 50+ hours a week with nothing more to show for it than a pat on the back. You’ll be carrying a “Account Executive” and “Sales Professional” and some other “semi-sales” individuals that make up what they call an “Account team”. However, seldom will any of those individuals say anything in a meeting other than to introduce themselves and say how they don’t know anything about the technology before passing the buck to the technical seller to run the show and all the follow-up. Your account team will make double what you make and work about ¼ as hard as you do. To make matters worse, 50% of your variable compensation will be at the discretion of your manager (no way shape or form dependent on your sales performance.) One of many problems with this is the turnover rate of managers in the organization. Microsoft has a very high turnover on their leadership teams (whether its new talent, RIF, change in business etc.) I’ve had 8 managers in 5 years. When it comes time to do our ranks (yes they do stack rankings behind closed doors despite what they will ever admit to) if you have a new manager or someone who isn’t networked well, you will likely get a low rating and low end of year payout. What this means, is that as a technical seller while you are supposed to be more insulated from variability in compensation, this model does the complete opposite. You’ll have huge swings in your pay from one year to another depending on who your manager is. In fact, as I write this, I’ve had a $43K swing in my pay (unfortunately down) all within a year where I was one of Microsoft’s top performers (even nominated for club.) Do yourself a favor, if you want to do technical sales, do not do it at Microsoft or look for a job title as a “SSP – Solution Sales Professional” or “AE – Account Executive” where you can make twice as much, have less variability/risk in your pay, and work far less hours with way better work life balance.
Top down structure Work life balance is good but not perfect
Career advancement may be difficult
Pay and promotion equity amongst gender
High Stress dealing with customers critical issues
Too many meetings and communications to stall the speed
Bureaucracy, politics, and not always working on things that really matter for the company.
So many technologies makes it difficult to go deep into the well of knowledge.
Big organizations with an entrenched culture of competition (not collaboration) and aging products make it difficult or impossible to make change for the better, depending on where and who you are. It’s changing, and it was changing for all my years there, but the process is slow and disheartening. Some attitudes and code based will never change.
work life balance is hard, scheduling wasn't the best, no real incentives hard to move up
People were all very old.
slow moving, strategy changes resulted in leaving customers behind in some cases
- contribution may be invisible and trivial
- Employee performance system doesn't work: you get good 'ratings' only if you get along well with your manager and leadership regardless of your actual performance - Bad managers: Still LOTS of managers that are jerks and bullies, and care less about their direct reports - Signs of discrimination due to age: In recent years, it seems that the company is trying to get rid of employees who are considered "old" (e.g. in past 2 years, they have laid off 4 (~15% of total) people on my team and they were all over 40 years old).
Growth is stuck. Individual contributions are not valued much.
Salaries is not competitive comparing to other tech giants. Politics affects career growth all the time. Manager can decide your promotion no matter if you are qualified enough.
Management chain are narcissistic and promote within. Performance reviews are very subjective and more like the survivor than reality.
need to fina the right team and manager
Stock options not that great, culture differs from team to team
Competitive place to work, know your stuff
Big company, sometimes it could be slow to make decisions
Not nice people there, but it is getting better
The groups very much, UST is not good group for considering, not balanced work/life, managers like to push employees. some group need oncall as well, the culture is not healthy,
Too much politics/hierarchy: need to please your manager/vp Kind of strict culture (maybe too much Asian influence?) Slowly changing but still hard to welcome innovation
Not really a lot of things to complain about.
Technology support lags by a few years
I had such a fondness for Microsoft before working for them. Working for them cured that fondness, completely. The company is made up mostly of two kinds of people. Those that have been there forever and are expert at dodging responsibility and those that get used by those people. If you are a white male, run the other way as fast as you can. Microsoft is actively trying to 'cleanse' the company of white males. If you are not a white male you are 'diversity hire'... and they have goals to dramatically increase those. They wont say they are hoping to get rid of white males, but it's an inverse of myopically focusing on retaining everyone else. I've never met a more dishonest culture inside a company. The place is rife with two faced fake people. Sure there are some good people. But overwhelmingly the leadership is very veiled and sneaky. Prone to making abrupt and ill-informed decisions, which they can ultimately hide from the repercussions of or skillfully blame it on others. They seem to churn & burn a lot of people. This is probably a result of their bigger initiative to get rid of white men. But they also go out of their way to hire people that come from different backgrounds and then they try to pound them into being like everyone else at Microsoft. They literally sought me out for help, then told me how to do things. It's no wonder why Amazon is so much better at doing things than they are. They clamor to listen to Satya, which is ironic that his reports and ultimately the way the company runs is nothing like anything he says. Such as "Microsoft runs on trust." <-- this is perhaps the biggest joke them all. It's a lot like when people say "Let me be honest with you"...
your success is too manager dependent
Not sure the payments are competitive enough. Also the knowledge culture compared to some other recently emerge companies is less.
Not HQ so you don’t meet many other employees
overwhelming projects and no work balance
Communication style is very top down with major reorg announcements being forwarded on from top leadership without any clarity on how this impacts your role in the future. There were reorgs every 6 months while I was there so you just get used to it. There isn't really a "management culture" here unlike other big/mature companies I've worked at. Some managers are promoted for being a good IC which means managing up and not being interested in coaching. It's very subjective what makes a top performer and varies by group. They're changing the review process but its still opaque. Big company with lots of politics. Sometimes it feels like you're working in the government and not in the fast paced tech sector. Different groups will start similar projects, then senior managers lobby for each one and there's very little assurance that anything you create or run will continue into the next fiscal year (especially if there's a reorg). This can be very demotivating for someone with pilot programs as you never get to iterate on ideas.
keep good in all way
compensation is lower than competition
There could be very busy days and days where there are a couple of upset customers that express themselves in a rude manner. Then again that is every other retail position there are going to be unique customers.
Too big. So sometimes work might be duplicated in another team,
Slow moving at times. Promotion takes a lot of time and sometime office politics can be an obstacle to it. Promotions are manager dependent and not objectively looked at.
Sometimes you feel that you don't have a great impact, depending on your team.
Not so great and stuff like that
Big company and can be political. Stick with the smaller new teams that are just starting and trying to "figure it out".
More of a leader in cloud and business-oriented spaces than consumer.
To much time consuming at work
Too much politics, poor cross group collab
Looking for more career development opportunity.
NONE that i can mention at this moment.
It was hard to receive a good pay raise and advance.
company uses too many vendors
Slow, bureaucratic, political. Outdated business processes.
Your coworkers' attitudes and management's complete lack of care about changing culture that supports casual everyday sexual harassment and bias and tech bro-y-ness.
Bureaucratic - politics everywhere. People learn to be nasty to each other. Entrenched managers, directors and VPs. Big teams == unbelievable slowness. Currency of success for managers is resources. Managers compete against one another and have zero interest in helping each other out or de-fragging the missions across larger groups. The more you own, the more you succeed - this can only be achieved by beating somebody else.
Terrible politics Poor team collaboration
-nothing really at all, I suppose
Hires terrible store managers who do nothing
Everyone is looking for a job that will be around next year instead of trying to do the best in the job they have.
Hierarchy and office politics busy
There's a lot of old bloat here that shows, and some pockets of work are just boring. Do you want to maintain windows 7 updates? Update compatibility of original notepad? You can do that here!  95% of PMs I've worked with do nothing or harm progress and get most of the credit for the work.  Such a huge company that it's hard to make a real impact sometimes. You can do the greatest thing in the world and show 1000 people and still actually do nothing in the end.  There is still a competitive nature between teams that really harms innovation. I've been blocked from doing work multiple times because teams didn't want me to help out of fear that I would get credit. It's bizarre to me, but it happens A LOT, and I suspect it's a holdover from the Balmer days.
Many, many groups are "old Microsoft" which means boys club/bad culture (opposite of CEO's mission--exactly why he started the culture initiative in the first place). These teams (and the HR enablers) only give lip service to culture and are invested in maintaining their power structure. See the Seattle Times article "I Felt So Alone" and Microsoft's response to said article.
sometimes working weekends not often
- Can sometimes be slow moving to get things done
Can sometimes be overlooked as an employee, promotions feel biased sometimes.
Somewhat difficult to navigate the expectations of my role.
lots of politics, lots of re-orgs
Company culture is cheap and demanding. Looks nice in the gardens but nothing worth staying for. Too much politics and little commitment to product excellence.
Average to low compensation and benefits
You can expect longer hours
Tools and processes could be better
Retail hours, have to work most holidays
SOME teams have a rigorous work-life balance and there is a lot of old-ideals around that. For example in order to be top-performing you must work borderline 24/7.
No work life balance. Systems are still an inconvenience and many of the support channels do not understand what you have to do so there is always a back and forth.
Some teams are still stuck in the last decade
Frequent reorgs, pockets of terrible managers, pay lower than comparable tech companies
Don’t leave Home without it
Work life balance didn't exist.
Pay is not as high as other top Software companies.
Bad managers, leaders who have been there for a LONG tie.
Need to keep on top of new technology
If comuting from Northside, traffic is bad.
A lot of teams and a lot of dependencies.
Boring, slow moving, not competitive from a compensation perspective to other top companies
Silicon Valley is not their main HQ, so sometimes gets a little neglected. You're not going to get filthy rich working for MS, as they're not a startup. Sometimes, you can feel like a small cog in a big machine.
Huge companies are not for everyone - it can sometimes be overwhelming to keep up with the girth of the business.
Some overly complex and inefficient processes
slower, political, reorgs, older tech, not much attrition
top down culture. Hard to innovate ground up unless you are lucky
Work retails hours but that is just part of the job No real way/opportunity to move up to corporate
Good to get experience . I like it.
Not much all good improving lot in advanced technologies and attracting lot of customers
silo'd depends on your boss for your experience
Need play politics Slow decision making
- There's a lot of bureaucracy and red tape - shipping even small features could take months
-Company overuses contract employees to do the work of full time employees without providing ample benefits
Too much politics at the upper levels Projects get cancelled just because of petty arguments by VP's
Hard to stand out. Compensation is not competitive.
Growth opportunities are slow, due to the size of the company
Microsoft historically has a monoculture that can restrict your exposure to alternative methods.
Buracracy, no work life balance, spent more time defending and documenting the job role then performing the job role.
Depends on the team, way too much stress. Sometimes the team work is good, but too many reorgs makes things unstable. The more senior you get, the more corporate politics you have to deal with. Underpays compared to companies of same or even less size.
Rough environment, no team players , challenging place to work
There isn't much negative things to say! Microsoft provides great benefits and allows for a great work/life balance. The only thing I wish is Microsoft market their Surface brands better. You don't see as much Surface commercials as you do Apple, Google, or Amazon.
Even at 343 the environment is way too corporate/producer-heavy/meeting-heavy.
It is still a big company. Lots of policies and procedures. Has trouble figuring out how to best manage and develop remote workforce.
Slow moving. Too many managers. Managers feel the need to prove something by changing established processes. Often, they can't explain why, they just want their review to look good. Your success depends on your manager. I had many managers, the last one was unsupportive, and became openly hostile when I complained, making up a lot of untrue things about me. HR ignored my complaints. I felt I had no choice buy to leave. Even now, I can't give away to much about my position for feat that the manager will try to retaliate.
Hard to move and into management
Limited room for advancement at times, not a wonderful place to be early career.
A lot of people working on similar projects
Culture is lacking. It's becoming competitive to the point that his work doesn't matter as much as who's agenda you align with. Sad really.
NONE THAT I CAN THINK OF
Hard to push things through - many layers of management and eventually many good ideas just get lost on the way.
Each group is like its own little company and some of them are very backstabbing
Passive aggressive behavior is the only way to get ahead, everyone does it
Siloed, lots of change, waterfall driven v Agile
Highly racist organization. Daily micro aggressions (and blatant racism) asserted towards POCs. Boys club with widespread sexual harassment and collusion across the company. Company puts a lot of energy and effort to manage perceptions around racism, gender bias, etc., but it is a show.  Completely bland and soul-sucking culture. Most are there for the money. I rarely saw true passion exhibited.  Awful work-life balance, similar to Amazon.  Disgusting, stifling level of politics. I wonder if half that time was put into innovation, how much further the company could go. Get out of this position of trying to chase Amazon/Apple/Google or some awful idea your Manager’s Manager came up with because they’ve been at Microsoft 20+ years and lost touch with current tech/media/business trends and/or got their job based on politics, instead of actual competency.  Where are these Directors/GMs being found? Hire leaders with actual desire and competency to be people leaders, not just managing cost centers.  Unless you are trying to put your kids through private school or need a Visa, I’m at a complete loss as to why anyone works here.
Benefits and bonuses are low compared to other companies
I like challenges and any time ready
Microsoft culture has not made it to the data centers. Data Centers are grey cubicles and extremely boring to work in.
Target of discrimination. HR ignored the issue. No way to reign in malicious managers.
Many old technology and legacy products to maintain. Opportunities are limited.
nothing found as of now
Large organization, so at times might be challenging to get things done
Everything else. Poor mid management, incompetent project/program mangers. Needed to hire an outside contractor to teach the FTE's how to use Microsoft Project. Not one person knew what a critical path schedule was or even that their own software was supposed to produce one.
Compensation is not at par with industry
Schedule can be tough if you don't manage it well. Many managers will take as much of you as they can get so you need to set reasonable boundaries.
Slower pace, long process and approval lines
Old cultures don't change overnight. Change takes time, but it's happening.
Big and sometimes very bureaucratic. Very afraid it cannot shake the reputation, aquired in the 90's and early 2000's of being evil.
Not many that I can think of
complex business, complex hierarchy, low work-life balance
Impersonal, very big, bureaucratic, not warm
Compared to FANG comp is not high. Very hard to move up senior band and often very political driven development.
Politics, processes, sometimes too many hurdles to get something shipped
Compensation and benefits not as competitive
Poor management, lackluster products, legacy technology
tough to grow unless you are the GOAT and already have the experience
Ever changing landscape of projects
Poor work life balance. Too much pressure.
Compensation is less compared to the competiton
Can be challenging, aggressive and long work hours
Pay not as competitive compared to other top companies..
There are often multiple people doing the same job. You have to speak louder than others to be heard.
Industry- a bit slower- but gives more work life balance
Everything is very compartmentalized, makes it hard to branch out within outside your org.
I like challenges and any time ready
Old technology, incompetent management, slow moving
Overbearing Working holidays Difficult to take vacations
The company tends to spin up several projects when a new hot area comes along. The internal competition for success can get messy.
Can be bureaucratic at times.
Cross-team collaboration is still an ongoing battle most of the time.
Difficult to move on to other opportunities at senior level. Political and not very innovative.
HR do not protect staff from bad managers
Lots of lazy people here that get a head by doing non-technical work as engineers. Upwards movement sometimes is not about talent, but about tenure. Can drive young talent away that believe their talents are not being valued.
Some people sucked I guess
I have no cons for Microsoft.
not having many rights as the other companies
* Some teams have too much politics, often against best interests of the company * Many teams prefer to reinvent the wheel (i.e. the "not invented here" syndrome) * Promotions are often based on personal connections with managers rather than work * Mediocre dining choices on campus
High cost of living around Seattle. Long commutes. Pay isn't as good as some of their competitors.
need to navigate bureaucracy
For 5 years, I found no major complaint at all. The compensation (salary/bonus) might not be competitive enough with other tech companies.
On most teams I noticed that there is only one of two ways to get promoted: 1- advertise yourself as much as you can and blow your own horn 2- stay on a team long enough that it will look bad if your manager doesn't promote you  You can't just quietly do your work and work harder in order to get promoted. Unless you ask your manager for a promotion, you won't get one or even be considered for one.
Haven't came across any so far..
Size of the company can make you feel a bit small sometimes.
Very hierarchical, huge teams and hard to create impact.
Sharp elbows and fiefdom syndrome
Remote site where company tends to be Redmond focus
- As you move up, you do have to pay some politics to ensure you're getting what you deserve in terms of compensation but that's true for any big company, AFAIK - Once the initial on-hire stock expires (~3.5 years usually), Microsoft's stock refreshers are not on par with some of the other tier 1 companies like Google or FB so unless you're
This applies to retail, not corporate. But the managers will lie and tell you that you can do opportunities, and will support you. However, they will turn you down and always root for someone else, no matter how significant your impact is.
I work with teams in 3 different time zones, which can be a challenge
Higher management has no vision.
None, none, none, none, none
There are too many politics
Managers are too powerful, it shouldn't be this easy to hire or fire people Diverse teams but not much diversity in the team. There is only Chinese people in most research teams. I mean all Chinese. Pay is lower than most companies, especially on levels like 59,60,61,62 No free food, food on campus is expensive and not tasty. Lots of Mexican food despite there are almost no Mexican engineers. No Russian food despite %20 of the company are Russian. You are pushed to leave company if you improved your skills because changing teams won't affect your level band and salary. Some teams doesn't have much budget but some have a lot of budget. I saw level 60 people who are much better than level 63 seniors but are not paid equally. This makes them unhappy because they are forced to go higher paying companies. Lots of people leave the company because of this reason. Too much bureaucracy between higher and lower band people and they treat you with no respect. Being a contractor here is much better than being a full time employee. You don't have to deal with politics and can survive just by doing your job. Review system is a joke. Not enough accommodations for disabled people. Lots of benefit denials. Not enough financial support for education. My manager offered me $x towards college tuition for a year but actual tuition is more than $20x. It must be a joke.
Upper management is cultish, plays favorites and disregards feedback. The "values" are there for everyone else to be evaluated on and not necessarily applicable to upper management. The time spent on connects and documenting your work can be overwhelming if you are looking to get recognized for your work.  At times, the work you do is not easy to connect to actual value and it is hard to justify the time and effort spent on it. Work/life balance at upper management is hardly existent.  Mobility between teams is dependent on headcount availability and you will chase an internal job the same way external resources are. Just because you work there (insert group name), that doesn't mean you can work here (insert group name).  Word of advice: Research your manager and make sure your "priorities" line up with his/hers. Depending on the person you work for, you may find that you can be pushed out in ways you never actually even conceived of.  The "partners" are very adept at playing Microsoft's version of the game of thrones, using the ICs and lower management to advance their priorities. Especially applicable to the people that have been in the company for 15/20years and up and are not interested in anything to do with the life outside of the MS bubble. Or the newly "made" partners looking to prove him/herself.
Not many. Your career pyramid will eventually narrow, but lateral options to develop abound. Highly competitive talent pool chasing too few senior opportunities.
Management only care about cost and profit
Micromanagement by senior managers. Lack of vision and understanding of markets. Outdated review system which is anything but fair. Company is a bubble detached from outside world.
Older average age, lower compensation
sometimes slow moving, old managers
politics, open space work environments that are really crappy to work in especially if you do work that requires focus, crappy middle management
- big corporation (process, politics) - base salary might not be as good as others
lots of competition and unhealthy politics
depressing life no bonus laugh
Large company politics and beaurocracy
The move to open space has been handled poorly and the environment is very distracting. Work from home when you need to focus.
We don't get real raises. We may get .20 a year if we are good.
Can become repetitive Sometimes lack of opportunity for growth Customers make or break a day for you depending
Large company, so changes are slow. Remote work is rare, must be in Redmond.
Hours (but that's retail as a whole).
Still have the bell shaped curve
No cons, so far - seriously. Like I said, I'm sure Amazon has some bad pockets in it here and there, but this is an amazing job, an amazing opportunity, and the biggest thing I have to complain about is that it's a little chilly in our building. I can live with that. Does Amazon demand high quality, measurable results? Yes! Is it hard work? Yes! Is it rewarding? Yes! So I'm not calling that a 'con'.
Compensation is relatively low compared with other companies.
* Horrible development tools/process (varies by product -- ask specifics such as "how long does it take to build, test, validate, and check in a change?") * Design by consensus (usually by non-designers) -- no one "owns" a product * Most products and all internal tools are mediocre * Management rewards people for short term projects and features, the people move on, leaving half-finished, orphaned work behind * It usually takes years to advance, so 90% of the people in control have been there for 10 - 20 years, most of them have never worked anywhere else.
Can't think of any at the moment
they made me leave by a lay-off
Large company, very divided overall
Regimental somewhat siloed, conflicting metrics
No support from direct leadership, poor bonus compensation, and a lack of synergy between retail and corporate.
Nothing really, Microsoft seems like a great place to work at.
Very aggressive corporate culture, and a lot of the perks that existed twenty-some years ago have been slowly stripped away. A lot of internal IT work is off-boarded to vendor companies, so unless you are in products or research you will need to constantly fight to justify your role.
Please learn how to ignore nonimportant stuff and focus on getting things done.
Forced attrition. Forcing everyone to fit their review process mold, while claiming to embrace diversity, yet forcing people to conform to some ideal way of working.
Microsoft has lots of technology and is constantly adding updates, so you are constantly learning
Not as easy to move around
Slow promotion. Less salary compare to other company.
Other than the fact that it is retail, there can be a lack of growth if your career isn't business/tech related.
You are a piece in a very large machine of operations ... it can be difficult to see outside your ‘silo’. Occasionally, projects and tasks are prioritized for the benefit of management and/or visibility/exposure vs. having significant impact.
Limited bathroom time, not allowed to take pens home.
Low efficiency, lack of vision and strategy in consumer market
There are still pockets of "old guard" employees who still operate in silos, protecting their turf. This mentality kills the momentum of the company. They've gotta go.
Microsoft is not the place for underachievers or someone who doesn't want to put forth their best effort.
Politics and luck perhaps play too large a role in career trajectory.
Organization can be a bit beaurocratic
Office politics can get very toxic. Middle management are often clueless. Almost impossible to advance your career as you will be competing against old-time Microsofties.
Large organuzation, hence slow growth
the commute could be better but that's not really their fault
Can become a little hierarchical
things move slowly and pretty much top driven
Products are not mature when they get released. Total compensation is less than AWS and GCP. Too much focus on competition. Some products that only Microsoft and some very close partners use
1) Rarely the first to market for any technology 2) Most folks have been there for many many years, so thoughts could be stale, even if folks you are dealing with are smart.
The only downside is the the lunch isn’t great, however, I prefer to bring from home. Also I don’t think the time for breaks is enough
Doesn't have enough young leaders
Management suffers from selfishness, infighting, and constant politics. Be ready for an ego driven, self centered, suck-up to take credit for your hard work.  All employees that care about making products to help people should leave the company before making level 65 because that's when you're expected to play the dog-eat-dog game. Additionally, working at Microsoft for longer than 5-6 years will put an asterisk next to your candidacy when interviewing at other companies because the general sentiment is that Microsoft people "think wrong."
Opportunity to have a longer term career locally is limited as higher paid and more lucrative roles require a move to Seattle.
Not viewed as "Cool" or "Open-source friendly" - reality is it's cool and Open-Source Friendly.
Everyone has to be a DRI for a week every 2/3 months by rotation. DRI is 24 hours on call.
bureaucracy, work-life balance may suffer
Nothing bad to say about company.
Comp not competitive for developers
Pay is well below market for this position and location (silicon valley)
Politics can play a role in decision making, negatively impacting the company. Everything is windows centric, which may stunt career opportunities outside of MS
Pay is not on par with industry. Too much politics when you get a little bit up the ladder
Management requires that you work on additional projectn. Need to keep up with certification requirements. Always and I will say again be ready lay off anytime.
Can be difficult at times to navigate all the diversity with so many highly intelligent beings in one place. This can sometimes supports a tendency towards politics that can get in the way of doing ones job. Being open minded to learning how to balance all of this is the best suggestion I can offer.
I hear if an employee is wronged by their manager, MSFT will take the mgr's side more often then not. Once you challenge your mgr's review score you are blacklisted for other positions and they will try to push you out.
difficult management model to work under
Big company, have to move to Seattle
Brotopia… If you are a sexist white dude you'll fit right in. Women and minorities need to be very carful about selectin a team.
Closed-source technology silo. Tracking down issues in Windows or Office are unreasonably difficult, even with connections to people on those teams. Some internal tools seriously lag behind in quality from comparable ones in the mainstream.  Some managers are known to fly into a temper. While such behaviour might be unacceptable at some companies, it seems to be freely tolerated.  Resistance to retrospectives and post-mortems.
at microsoft its a political game. if you try to make it there with just hard work and experience you might be disappointed.
I did not see myself getting promoted anytime soon.
Duplicates of project and products
Too much politics. It takes a lot of energy to convince multiple layers and then your energy is drained.
not any i can think of
Leadership is not honest, there is a battle of the blue badges vs the orange badges. MS does not hire you directly they use an agency and you are a permanent temp.
The HR function is fatigued with so much change and layoffs. Plus there is less space to focus on proactive ways to add value to the people you support as the change management and lay offs are constant
Change in direction in the small business segment limits the future success Microsoft can make in the future.
Constant change, complex environment, so much work to do
Very complex, Speed to Market
Dint find any Cons as everything was good
Timing is not good (Includes night shift)
Low salary and conservative mindset
No cons all of my experience are good
Big Company Bureaucracy Sometimes slow moving
politics, chaotic, too many org changes, too much fluff
could get boring due to lack of fast pace in innovation. seems to be changing now though
Hard to find good program managers and upper management can sometimes be out of sync
Lot of middle management folks.
Leadership could be much better
When applying at Microsoft the candidates that are selected are typically the first 3-5 that meet the criteria and the rest of the applications that come after aren't even viewed. Saw countless requisitions that were closed with hundreds of candidates not viewed with an offer in the first slate of candidates sent over. Racist managers acting as if they care when they truly are just providing lip service to employees. If you have different views on certain things in life that doesn't go along with the culture you will be ousted from the organization instead of being put on a stretch assignment to grow into your career goals. VERY SAD especially after you work unimaginable hours of overtime not compensated and released without notice. MS Dream job...definitely NOT!!! Unless you know someone in power you have zero chance of even a review in a requisition.
Limited Career Advancement Opportunities For Some People- If you don't live in WA state or nearby one of Microsoft's campuses, career advancement is very tough unless you want to stay in a sales-oriented or 90%-travel position.  Difficult and Time Consuming to Move Around in the Company: The internal interview process to move into a new role or organization within the company is very slow (can take weeks or months), not at all transparent, and is a full-day interview experience just as external candidates have to face. Competition is fierce but if you're persistent it's possible to land a new position.  Tools & Processes: Employees continually have low marks on yearly polling regarding having the right tools, reports, and processes in place to get our jobs done effectively. I haven't seen many improvements in the several years I've been here and don't expect many changes in the future either.  Compensation: While the benefits are fantastic, the total compensation could be much better. I feel that salaries and stock rewards are falling behind compared to other top tier tech companies.
I'm a fan of traditional offices, but open space is tolerable.
Because it is a large company, you will need to be adjusted to the pace of certain projects, since they go through layers of management review.
Commute isn't great from Seattle proper
I had a great management team but I know it may vary from location to location.
Can be challenging to navigate the size and complexity. Not always clear where to find resources, but you learn your way around after a while.
not that I can think of
Extremely underpaid in comparison to competition
I have nothing bad to say.
May become bureaucratic at times.
Pay is below market, promotion velocity is inconsistent but overwhelmingly slow, no stock refreshers, no free food, bad proprietary tech stacks and dev environment, lots of meetings and process, no laptops for junior engineers
Once you get to level 64, as a woman, your career is over and you are "gently" managed out. Look at how many women there are at level 70 or above....
low income compared with other internet company
Too big, frequent reorgs makes it difficult to finish projects
lower salary compare to other companies
Common red tape and process that comes with a large org
Red Tape - There is often bureaucracy to deal with.
Unfortunately, the company and leaders can't get aligned on priorities to be able to develop an end-to end solution. Hopefully that's changing, but that is a significant blocker that we need to overcome.
Travel, stress, sink or swim attitude.
I used to have to travel a lot.
none of the things that were not there most of the time
*Old culture still lingering and holding back growth *Bureaucracy is stifling and value wasting - in 3 years at Microsoft I've seen 3 different executive teams - garbage in/garbage out
Management was very favorites based Hard to advance even with proper qualifications sometimes gave a lot of new extra responsibilities but no extra pay
Only got to work there for the summer
none, none, none, none none
During my employment in the company, the culture was highly competitive, often times employees are evaluated head-to-head with their peers, instead of their own achievements.
Poor 1st line manager communication
If you ever have a bad year, you’re tanked forever
Salary not competitive, legacy support needs
If you ever have a bad year, you’re tanked forever
The top brass in EDU needs more diversity. It’s great to have women in management, but the entire team? Devices and sales leaders? Way overboard and too much nagging going on. If your not in the “woman”s club” you won’t move up. Don’t even think about being “seasoned” or “experienced”. Totally hiring college clueless kids and the entire EDU devices teams are focused on “youngsters”. It’s actually very wrong legally but they do it so cautiously. Sad really. It’s no way to beat Google and Apple.
not a good paying company
If you are looking to wait until things are perfectly structured before taking action, there are other corporations that are slow moving enough for you.
None that I can think of.
hours can be pretty crappy, you will be at your desk the 2nd to the 10 each quarter
There is grunt work to be done. Not every project is shiny
Managers, especially lower-level, are poorly (if at all) trained. The company rewards arrogance over performance. Speaking your mind, while encouraged, will usually backfire on you. Always toe the company line, jargon, and "cult of personality" regarding leaders. Never admit you have weaknesses or need help. Everything needs buy-in from everyone, resulting in few decisions being made, and even less real work getting done. It's not how you do the work, or how much you're doing, it's only about the appearance of your work - even at the expense of others or actually not doing work. This is a "watch-your-back", Machiavellian kind of workplace and people out to get you will do so with smiles, passive aggressiveness, 360-review feedback, and even hugs. Potential employee beware!
Good ol' boys club. 75% male. 25% female.
Culture can vary greatly between product teams
Some peoducts are not customer focused
your activity might still be visible to: Websites you visit Your employer or school Your internet service provider
Bonus/rewards system encourages only chasing after the bright, shiny, high visibility projects...the "Build". Does not recognize or reward "Run" operations. Employees therefore shy away from maintenance or back office operations, and therefore those tend to fail and are substandard. Limited attention span on projects, not well executed or tweaked to run well (considered run). Employees are valued only when assigned to bright-shiny projects, once those roles turn to run, or continuous improvement maintenance type roles, those functions are "low value" throwaway roles. Exceptionally low organizational support to reassign talent from "low value" deemed roles, to absorb elsewhere in the organization. Seems to be a huge loss of talent. Microsoft also abnormally values Microsoft specific experience over industry experience at the mid-management levels. They publically want new ideas, new ways of looking at thing, however in reality, they value the Microsoft way, and internal connections much more.
The culture of Microsoft still encourages a level of competition with peers and leadership that requires political manipulation and huge investment of energy in looking better than your peers rather than doing good work.
Can be slow at time
Pay is not great and lack innovation
Just a bit far away from school
Massive organization and divisions used to work in silos. the culture is changing but this problem is still visible.
Work Long hours. Work holidays.
Inconsistency throughout the organization. Lack of leadership at the mid level management. Manage to metrics, which doesn't take customers into consideration. Worst internal tools. 6 to 7 locations to find your actual metric numbers. Never really sure what your sales bonus will be as that tool is also inconsistent.
Still has a lingering culture of complacency. This can actually be good if you just want a stable job to support a family, but not if you want to really make a big impact with your work (and not wait over a year before your feature gets shipped).
Requires lot of networking for job change
sometimes feels too complex,
Nothing much except the work life balance
I never worked so hard. There is no work life balance
Everything else, rampant sexism and horribleness
heavy workload, sleepless nights, growth opportunities
slow-moving. culture is not very good. people work long hours
Like any big company, it moves slower than it needs to and the marketing partners are slow to respond.
engineering systems are not good in general, very old codebases are hard to maintain
Too many levels from top to down, office politics
not much money, but is enough for a living
Slow moving, promotion can be tricky
The company culls employees regularly and targets 60% of the ongoing market compensation, but is slow to adjust. The benefits package is no longer what it used to be.
Moving between teams shouldn't always require full loop interviews.
political fight in some teams, not necessary
hard to move up because microsoft is so big.
Nothing that I can think of yet but I am a new employee so still in the honeymoon phase. I am sure things will come up eventually
They aren't as great with development, and you're surrounded with people that are getting paid to do nothing while you are pulling all the weight. But that happens anywhere you work.
Sometimes heavy infrastructure and processes, even though with the shorter release cycles have helped a lot with agility. Sometimes, new V1 products do not feel like they're up to par with the legacy products they are replacing, then the V2 version often gets cancelled, so it sometimes feel like we are going slightly backwards in terms of functionality. Again, this seems to get better with the use of telemetry as we tend to focus on functionality that is most useful to customers.
The weather in Seattle is rainy.
- None I can think of
None I can think of
Sometimes politics gets in the way, promotion is mostly based on years spent in a role.
Culture, Products with less than stellar UX
Politics, large company, and other things that are typical to large companies
Below average pay for technicians
Too much politics, not enough focus on quality.
Hippo, Slow adoption of the culture
very political environment, you spend more work internally than in the field trying to defend yourself from others, company uses AI and ML to measure your performance
Crazy cloud quota, churn (I had 4 bosses in 1 year), ridiculous number of internal tools you won't even hear about and half of them don't work.
a lot of hours, processes
Low salary comparing with other companies like Netflix. I am trapped here only because of my green card application.
Bad Managers will destroy you. Managers have favorites Stack ranking is still there The most moral ethical company- I disagree from aan employee standpoint.
stale. culture is broken and non inclusive
Bonus may not be as competitive compared to Google/Facebook
Must be able to deal with ambiguity and constant organization changes and you will have much turnover in your management, especially your direct manager. Buckle up your seat belt, the ride can be unsettling if you are not used to constant change. You also cannot wait around to be told what to do and you must adhere to the fact that he or she who has a plan, however tentative will win the day in any meeting. You also must maintain a high energy and always meet your objectives at a minimum while exceeding expectations is considered a must or you will be shuffled out quickly.
Some of the old structure remains
Old school and older folks
Work Life Balance, Business Support
The company and the team is quite big, you can't meet everyone you want to.
no cons or downsides observed
Must move to Seattle and no relocation assistance
too many politics, management team usually not very technical
It's a sinking ship, failure of products and projects one after another due to bad mid level leaders. Leadership team work like a mafia. If you are not a friend of CEO's favorites, you will get used, drained and spit as collateral to make them look good. Don't make the mistake of hoping you might be a one too. Diversity programs are run to bring more folks from India as cheep labor Growth mind set - is used to put talented senior people with low paid employees hoping they will pick up your skills Limited technology and exposure that is very internalized, as a result your value and knowledge will significantly degrade. Don't feel they are leading in the industry and have a good long term vision.
Never encountered any negative environment
Too many layers and Matrix organizations Agility can be slow
Not really too many! Just normal workplace stuff and drama that you'd experience in any retail store. Corporate initiatives can be confusing
process heavy hard to switch team
The run-in with the occasional "brilliant jerk" - i.e., a fairly intelligent, hard-working, driven manager or engineer who lacks the social awareness and soft-skills to handle his fellow colleagues. Fortunately, executive leadership has said there is no room for this, so most of them are either changing ways and at least becoming less populous.
More improvement needed in removing barriers between organizations and unhealthy competition between individuals.
No work-life balance, performance review pits team members against each other.
Too many political scheming amongst groups and even within groups.
Microsoft is a culture led by developers. Design is always secondary to the technology.
Busy, time consuming, work and life balance
- Slow growth - Average compensation
Difficult to change disciplines. Limited career opportunities the longer you're there.
Awful experience if your team sucks.
Lots of bureaucracy, lots of time spent on compliance, commute to Redmond
Slow growth Compensation Focus on making senior leadership happy, not on customers
Open space is not everywhere, a lot of office-system buildings. No free food. People stay in same teams for a long time.
I don't have anything to say about this
Culture restricts working outside of Redmond
poor management with extremely political environment which is completely unconcerned with diversity in any form
Tons of overtime and 24/7 on-call mentality overall.
Program Management is different than Product Management at other tech companies, doing a bit more design and a bit less market understanding. Microsoft is starting to shift that role, but it has some growing pains around the relationship between PM and Design, and how the company approaches new investments.
Terrible teamwork and strategy for territory
dog eat dog environment - depending on team little transparency or accountability need to build own network for survival don't try anything new without executive sponsorship and be prepared to surrender credit and involvement if your idea sticks
Payment is not competitive. And lots of politicals.
Payment is not competitive. And lots of politicals.
Can be more innovative in new areas.
Internal tools is not a focus, and there is a lack of metrics for a data driven company. It is a huge company and it can sometimes be difficult to locate resources.
Almost 4 years and STILL in a kiosk Upper Management? Laughable. Current Management? I'll reserve comment. Room for Advancement? Unless you're willing to fake it 'til you make it...nope.
Horrible people , devoid of human feelings
In the field, for sales and services it is really all about hitting your numbers vs what the CEO says the bison is, which is being customer obsessed. Forcing customers to buy what you need them to buy to hit your sales numbers to get paid is not being customer obsessed it’s being obsessed with making money short term.
There are many competing projects and individuals
None that I can think of.
Very large company, hard to stand out
pay is lagging behind competition
Office drama and politics. Lack of transparency from management which can lead to lack of collaboration due to competitive teams.
Its a large company so you can get lost in the system if you are not able to Network. It is very hard to figure out what is your next role since the organization is so large. Promotions can be hard to come by if you are not proactive in pushing yourself in front of management.
None. I feel motivated to work here
The annual review process can be arduous. I've heard pay is lower for developers there than at other large software companies.
We are playing catch-up in many fields
No real cons, the workplace was a bit crowded.
Some politics, not all is transparent.
None I can think off
Training program is not ideal for newly hired staff, especially for someone comes from different industrial discipline.
Highly matrixed organization that causes barriers to having as much impact as you could
The rain in Redmond gets old.
Sometimes too big to think of the whole picture Promotion varies between different groups
Our size, business complexity, and momentum is a blessing and a curse. Our challenge is to be agile (innovators dilemma), keep the customer at the heart of everything we do (despite layers of overhead), and embrace a "growth mindset" culture (when billions are seemingly at stake).
Pay inequality. Upper management's words do not have the actions and support behind them
leadership continues with good ol' boy clubs -- losing senior women -- bias abounds
- Slow to change (as expected with any corporation this size) - Still occasionally operates like multiple businesses instead of providing a unified view - lack of transparency around promotion and pay policies and plans
depending on your area you can find some politics. Also, it has a lot of silos, so depending on your position things take time to move forward.
Career path may seem unclear
Stack rating system still exists but isn't talked about broadly. Highly matrixed model creates inefficiencies and redundancies in many places.
Can be difficult to navigate. Politics can get in the way at a large company. Things are heading in the right direction as orgs become flatter and individuals are becoming more empowered.
Kind of boring, slow pace
Overly competitive for wrong reasons/goals. Lots of fat/incompetent people in leadership positions. Some teams have horrible culture driven by leaders.
Culture: Despite great CEO, majority of 4 layers below permeates toxic leadership & sugarcoat old demonic culture
low compensation, slow career growth
Many hours during the Blueprint phase of training, cold calling at times
workload, workload, workload, hash manager
Compensation is not generous to its own employees but only to those from other tech companies
Not always efficient, some tools and processes are outdated or repetitive. Unique culture not everyone fits into. Can be somewhat political.
The overall benefits of the company are not as competitive as in the past
Some managers are difficult and we often wondered how they got/kept their jobs.
No free food. Also, restaurant doesn't serve dinner. Just like every big company, some teams may not be as good as other teams. What team and what projects you work on have a huge impact on how you would view a company, needless to say.
Slow to change culture Competing projects and the politics that come with them Career advancement can be slow in some orgs
low pay and boring work item
No stock. No Bonus. Hourly employee compared to all other Corporate Employees. Makes one feel less than and undervalued.
Very competitive environment. Only as valuable as your last review.
The work is super boring!
Sometimes can be heavy on process. Slow to respond to change. Middle management can not be trusted blindly
very big company. takes awhile to get to know the right people
High Pressure, high energy, long hours.
Stay away from the retail side. It's easily the worst thing at Microsoft and runs very much like it has in the past. Nepotism, lack of direction, questionable leadership, etc.
Lots of bad and rookie managers
1) 24/7 phone and email availability expectation 2) Some managers openly play favorites and are not transparent 3) Internal processes are a mess and are skewed towards management saving face rather than resolving worker's issues and improving processes
Bit old fashioned, vastly hierarchical chain of command, too massive to impact anything meaningful in short period.
Very slow pace, bureaucratic, harder to progress
It's hard if you don't have the customer service/sales background.
Your experience will be directly proportional to the quality of your core management team. It can feel like different companies depending on who is your manager. While most managers are good some are very bad.
Too big. Don't know what others are working on.
1. Sales culture is really bad - with favoritism and politics. 2. Not kind to new hires from school - you have to work really hard to prove yourself and built credibility.
People manager skills are not so good in middle layer management chain. Compensation is not as competitive w.r.t other companies if you do the same job.
Growth depends on the org you are working for.
tough coworkers for a lib
Conversions rarely happen in recruiting. If you are hoping to get a full time job you will likely be disappointed
Lots of reorgs and instability. Some teams have a lot of travel and time spent in China. Stock bonus plan is poor compared to competitors. No free food like other tech giants. Engineering work is not very innovative or cutting edge. Very schedule driven, but not customer focused or quality focused. Many decisions are made by project managers who do not understand the technology they are managing.
Depending on the org you'll get pigeon holed into legacy stuff that won't help your career outside of that role. A lot of internal tools and legacy systems that as a devops person will severely hurt your career if you don't take your own personal time to learn what the rest of the industry is using/doing.
Politics are valued more than contribution
Management can be iffy, but this can be the case at any company
Work life balance suffers as staffing is cut to the bone. Diversity has been taken to the extreme and older, white males are being replaced by women of color.
Work-life balance, compensation in this particular position
I've heard nightmares in certain teams, so YMMV depending on the team. No free food.
I admit that I was there under the Balmer days, so the situation might have changed under Nadella. Hopefully it has.
The new vision of our CEO is spot on but politics tends to be pervasive.
Silo work teams Decentralized information Low agility in certain instances Communication on why we cannot pivot. Bonus Structure based on individual contributions.
It all depends on who you work for - would NOT work in the WDG group
Frequent re-organizations, management changes, office moves. Demanding performance expectations. Occasional need to work longer hours. Management styles and expectations vary greatly across the company and even within groups.
Gigantic. Some teams have bad LT.
Old Managers with no skills need to be replaced.
- Microsoft started embracing startup culture recently. Most of the senior employees are still following the old culture.
Pay seems to be on the lower side. Heard some other teams may not be like our team.
Seems to be no focus on moving people out of retail space even if they do have relevant experience
Very heavy middle and micro management. Lots of chiefs, not a lot of Indians.
Still quite a few layers/hierarchy
things can become a little political when it comes to cross-departmental work
Your manager makes your life. Worked 4 years for an amazing one and <1 year for a terrible one that ended my career their before I wanted to. Also after looking for other roles I found that their compensation levels were not that competitive industry wide.
I have nothing bad to say, really enjoyed my time with there.
Big companies do tend to have a lot of processes.
Hostile work environment. Cut throat personnel practices since Microsoft take over. Too many republicans.
People are chosen for promotions based on their relationship with the manager
Too many politics. Deadlines are always an issue.
Very slow to change. Largely following up in many markets. Very few disruptions happening in the industry
Free meal is not available, Comp is mediocre while competing in the tier1 market.
As much at MSFT states they are inclusive, there is still a “bro culture” at play. Collaboration is a myth. Individual heroics is still at play.
too big, and often hard to get collaboration
Annual stock refresh isn't as good as other top companies.
Some teams are run as a "boys' club". Senior management in WDG org shows more authority than leadership and set unrealistic goals which burn people out till they have enough and leave the team or even MS.
poor middle management, toxic culture and poor execution on strategy across products and services
Some departments and mangers use gaslighting as the method of choice for obfuscating internal politics and manipulating department outcomes. If, for example, a department wants to stretch its headcount dollars to add extra heads without officially getting any new headcount budget, managers will make it their fulltime jobs to convert a sufficient number of good performers into bad performers through review management techniques that slingshot off a review system that requires an employee and the employee’s colleagues to serve up areas of vulnerability under the disguise of opportunities for growth. In reality, there is generally nothing egregiously wrong with the employee’s performance. It is just that the employee happens to have fallen into the path of the manager’s short-term measure of success and so will be chewed up and spit out. Generally, you became this person by performing well and being paid fairly for your first several years of good service.
Things can become bureaucratic and you can get lost if you're not a self starter and able to influence others for your cause. Rating system was overly reliant on goal commitments made early on in the review cycle.
Management has a hard time implementing new process and delivering a strategic vision to front line employees. This is mostly due to the 100k+ employees. Can be difficult to move internally.
Compensation not commensurate with performance
High competition, political depending on the group.
You need to pay for food. Slow to publish updates. Sometimes good updates get delayed "until next release" even if no further testing is done. Some people don't like you simply because you are in tech (or at least in a big tech company).
Being a retail job it doesn't ever provide a consistent schedule and provides a difficult work/life balance. It's very hard to take time off in the holidays.
The goals are not obtainable
Large Company. It could be difficult for external hire.
Politics, conflicting or overlapping roles. Each team has its own target. No clear definition or rules when collaborating. Manager not able to resolve it, instead pushing employees to fight and compete
no growth and old technology
The market is growing faster in demand of Azure products and the new Unified Support services than its infrastructure can really handle. Also, there is very little mentorship and formal training for service delivery personnel, which can be especially challenging for workers in the field not close to a physical corporate facility/Microsoft Technology Center.
You can get pigeon holed into undesired roles/skills if you are not intentional
No flexibility, Unhealthy compensation strategy leading to self recognition over collaboration and teamwork.
not customer focused shiny penny syndrome
Need to promote and give new challenges to employees so they are not stuck in the same position for years.
You do need a lot of experience in specific categories.
not customer focused shiny penny syndrome
Need more innovation at work
Positions are not stable, there are annual restructuring efforts continuously.
Pace not comparable to a startup, if that is what you are seeking
Limited locations in Seattle. Somewhat aging employee base.
Work life balance needs improvement
too much politics and too much competition. Everyone focuses on keeping their manager happy. Lower salaries than the market.
I had to work long hours
I had to work long hours
It's a larger company that talks the talk of being customer focused but doesn't walk the walk.
Growth mindset is at ceo level but not level below. Most are old school Microsoft and good at competing against the other divisions. Not a good place for a woman to be successful as it is still the good ol boys club. Look at other tech firms that focus more on culture.
Investment banking analyst position posted online
Limited opportunities for growth if not in the right team.
Lots of old guard who don't benefit from rapid change or doing things differently still hold key positions. We don't invest in brand. We don't invest properly in long-term bets.
continuous re-orgs and movement, Admins are paid hourly with no opportunity for bonus, stock
highly political. not easy to move out of IT to the product groups
- Can't think of any cons that are unique to the company.
Corporate BS Occasional bad managers ... and when you see them get promoted because of corporate BS and other sub par managers above them. Not everyone who has been there forever is still there because they are that good Compensation can be really good but if you are in competitive space and growing quickly you have to push hard to try and keep up with your market value without leaving and coming back
Tech industry keeps changing every year
Slow moving, red tape at times
They give you apple products to use.
Can't think of any at this time.
Big company where ideas are a dime a dozen. Need to be very committed to get your idea through.
Pressure, work life balance, some area and mid level managers are not aligned with senior lt vision for culture
Seems to be lacking a little behind in the retail industry, even though they have many stores. They are not a health conscious store - sodas and snacks (are too plentiful). I know they appeal to a certain crowd, but still. You're never alone - cameras everywhere, but to be honest, you won't have anything to worry about unless you're doing something wrong. There are few opportunities for "moving up" - you really need to fight your teammates
The biggest issue for me was their rush to get product out regardless of the quality. It chased a lot of dedicated, big customers away. Now the product they took over is being discontinued. They took a very good product and destroyed it. What a shame.
There is some stress and pressure. If you don't keep up, you will not keep your job. Then again, you shouldn't.
Good old boys and girls club. You HAVE to be liked by everyone if you expect to last at MSFT. You need to be constantly telling everyone how great you. It's a "beauty contest" atmosphere where you always need to have portray how great you are. Big drinking culture too. Most company events havbe minimal food but unlimited drinks, so most people are wasted fairly quickly. Management are doing their best not to get fired and as a result they do whatever they are told as it relates to hiring, firing and promotions. I saw many firings where they told people "your job is in jeopardy" w/o giving actual specifics of what you did. Once you hear that phrase, there is no turning back. Meaning they want you out. Many folks choose to stay and try to turn things around but MSFT will make your life miserable if you take that route.
Too difficult to move around within the company. There have been some improvements in past few years but still you have to do full interview loops. In many ways it's easier to interview externally than internally which doesn't seem right to me.
- Every team acts like a feudal kingdom
nothing nothing nothing nothing , MS rocks
HR department is hard to utilize since most of it is through email.
Sometimes hard to fathom how huge the company is.
Politics is prevalent across the org
Even that they say "our employees are the most valuable assets" - that's just a lie. Someone would not treat their employees in such a way - especially employees who have served for a long time and have significantly contributed to the success of that company. Do not expect ANY loyalty from that company or from management. They practice "hire & fire" at its best. You loose your job without ANY wrong doing and there is enough work to be done in other groups or divisions. Instead of offering a comparable position in a different group - they rather fire you. Sure this is good for stockholders, but it also creates an atmosphere of uncertainty among all other employees. Microsoft middle management sucks - sorry for being so blunt here.
-Very few possibilities to be promoted,  -Few opportunities to work individually and showcase your expertise,
None I am aware of
Work life balance has decreased in the last few years
Experience varies greatly by direct manager. Cutthroat and could get laid off in a moment notice due to regular re-org.
After more than 5 years at the company, you will find you become so out-dated in technology. The tech world seems not to appreciate Microsoft technology at all and your knowledge and skills can hardly match companies' job descriptions.
Not being paid as much as competitive companies. But definitely the more you get paid, the less balance you get between work and life.
gets too bust at times and job security
Like most companies, bottom line is more important than people. If you make a lot of money there, you can start counting the days when you are gone.
Not so competitive salary. Not so efficient management.
I love the company and my team. No cons.
Depending on the role and product, there is a pressure to perform, 80% Microsoft has moved to CEO's new culture but 20% is still stuck with their old thinking. Everytime you have to deal with a team from this 20% bucket, it is not a good experience
Very demanding company.
Work Life balance at times.
Not so good work life balance, round the clock work
There really aren't anyway. If you have open availability the only thing is you'll be working a 9 hour shift with 1 hour break. It's a lot of standing so make sure your shoes SUPPORT you.
Unless you have someone on your side it’s hard to move up Super political Sexual harassment in my group They continuously move you around to different bosses to keep you uncomfortable
- Absolutely terrible middle management. Mix of incompetence and constant politicking. Some GMs or Sr. Directors are absolute idiots barely able to even understand work in their prerogatives (yet they won't hesitate providing "feedback" and "insights"), - Not a meritocratic workplace. People get rewarded for going along and getting along, not solving problems, - Too many layers of management makes all the processes slower (especially because some of those guys have been with the company for 15+ years and are dinosaurs), - Still not as reputable as other tech titans (Google, Amazon, Facebook, Apple).
fire hose never stops, email volume is tremendous, working remotely not always optimal because it decreases your visibility and ability to collaborate
The Redmond bubble is real. But it is changing slowly
Need for diversity is crucial.
Extremely boring, extremely political, not fast moving, salaries and especially stock grants are much lower than other companies that would consider
Large company with lots of coordination required.
Very large, political, tough to get noticed
Life draining people, products, and politics.
Weird internal focus, seems like every team is on it's own, bad internal communication. Many internal process are a hassle to find/understand/overcome. Company values are more slogan than actual values.
Still working to break down some of those famous silos in the company that prevent divisions from working together effectively. Better every day, but a long way to go yet.
work is hard but i do it
- Can be political at times - Lots of reorgs that can change management
Growth Opportunities are limited and don't come around too often.
some internal processes were unnecessary and took away from customer facing time.
Takes a long time to get commissions Compensation Plan changed in 2018 and not competitive with the marketplace
You need to be skilled in corporate politics. Not everyone is bought into being data driven, and ownership issues may get on the way.
very big so decisions can be made a little slow at times but still a very strong organization that seems to be advancing as their competitors are as well.
Bad politics, inexperienced selfish middle managers, if your manager does not like you, you are done. No notice, no corrective action plans to work toward a solution--you are done. Company was family oriented but that has changed over the last 3.5 years.
none that i can think of
The review system. I went through many iterations, mostly as a manager. Even with the last instantiation, it was still very competitive and subjective.
Mid level management, review system
Vagaries of the political climate
Work life balance is horrendous. Low-level/mid-level management is poor. Certain company decisions seem at odds with the big picture of where Microsoft is going. Pay is poor when contrasted with work-life balance. You compete against some individuals in the stack rank system who are clearly gaming the system and not actually producing. Minimal ability to grow professionally. Most PFE's are permanently stuck in the role. The only real option for most PFE's is to leave the company and secure new roles elsewhere and then possibly return to Microsoft later.
where's my soul? It's gone, and I have this coconut oil smelling hold in my core being ... I tried resisting, but it was too slippery.
working on Microsoft Only technologies
- Cultural changes have not necessarily flowed down to the middle management ranks - Internal processes and tools are improving but still behind
I have no cons for my job at Microsoft.
can not really think of any worth listing
The corporation's large bureaucracy sometimes negatively impacted productivity
Salary is not as competitive as some other enterprise business in Seattle area. The worst thing is the middle management. Over the years, they did nothing to improve the middle management and often it is the good employees who get shafted because they are not up there in the corporate ladder. For 3 years straight I was promised management opportunity, and yet, year after year they would come up with all sort of excuses for not happening. I waited 3 years and finally, I had enough.
Too much work. Sometimes, need to work overtime
Bangalore traffic is difficult to bear
I would like free food, but not at the expenses of other benefits.
Usually works in Microsoft proprietary technologies
Certain groups can have poor work-life balance. Company-level decisions are not always clear and understandable (mobile, devices).
its retail you know what you sign up for
Slow moving but getting better Different groups tussle in between themselves Difficult to get noticed
Intense competition with tendencies towards nepotism-favoritism.
Work can be boring i.e. not challenging sometimes
Still a very Redmond, WA centric company in many respects, though some organizations such as Cloud and Enterprise Group are starting to change in measurable ways.
Poor management that wants the glory, responsibility, and control, but not to actually manage people
Stack ranking, politics, promoting friends
Lots of internal competition vs competing with the market.
But the workplace environment is mundane.
The process and political sometimes can really frustrate you.
- can be internally competitive depending on organization - high rate of reorganization depending on group
Bad compensation. Limited scope.
Have all the big company issues, things move slow.
Pay is second tier Lots of old timers mean some pretty stagnant ideas
Quality of management varies greatly from team to team
Lack of customer and partner obsessed culture at all levels.
work load balance, terrible planning, office politics,
If your project is not targeting more than 1bn futures, it will be killed. In a parallel world, that would be a perfect viable business.
Work can be hard sometimes. Decisions are not transparent because it's such a large company. Sometimes decision making process is not clear and may seem random.
Despite stack ranking being eliminated a few years back, it still remains on teams. You are always in for a completely different review than anticipated. Revenue Overachievement in sales does not mean anything anymore. Not enough. Always in fear of being replaced. Teams are driven so hard that it’s become a bit toxic.
processing from bottom to top is kind of slow
No Advancement despite statements to the contrary
While I see us shifting our center, our policies, practices, systems, etc are lagging. Our cultural/moral/values compass has clearly shifted, and strategies are in place to drive a more customer-centric approach (and many complexities beneath that). Meanwhile many of the systems, tools, programs, policies, etc are playing catch up. We're undergoing massive organizational change for a company this size as well. So as a "cog" in this machine, it's sometimes not so good in the short run, and I feel there's some casualty losses along the way.
Little direction for how to get to the next level, but a lot of push to get there. Too many managers show favoritism and repeatedly reward their favorite employees with the best feature work, which leaves everyone else doing 'laundry' tasks. Review system changes every 3-5 years, but is currently based on 'impact'. How 'impact' is defined is open to interpretation, so it may help or hurt you based on your deliverables for the year. Unfortunately, you have very little say on what you actually worked on, so just hope it was something considered 'impactful' enough to get a raise/bonus/promotion.
Arrogance .. we are Microsoft ... No one else is good or nothing else is good . Old timers not interested in working . Very political.
Soso package MS only technology Slow Less growth potential
Work life balance can improve
I've worked with 6-7 product teams each year at least, and invariably the program managers and researchers were indifferent and incompetent in understanding product design needs, planning ahead and getting members to collaborate. Researchers have little background in Human Computer Interaction, e.g., I worked with a former nurse, a former sports psychologist and a former salesman all of which were hired as Design Researchers but didnt know what they were doing due to lack of experience/skills/education. Product managers either understood and ignored that problem or thought it would go away with good design.
It's a huge company and you never know what is going to happen in the next year
Slow promotion rates unless you are a rockstar performer (Avg 3 years) No management experience until you become a Finance Director
The role is very customer oriented and you will sometimes have to work with customers that don't always respect you. There's usually a lot of issues that customer will blame you for because you represent Microsoft and you sort of have to take it on the chin and move on. Moving up from the service advisor role is also very tough because depending on the store, the leadership may not care.
Big bureaucracy. It’s so big there is a bit too much room for total dysfunction on occasion. The review structure do a good enough job of weeding out problematic or dysfunctional middle management. While most are good, there are definitely a few bad eggs and they can make things bad fast.
Still stuck in a employee rating system which is very opaque leaving you very little input on what it is you need to do to hit your bonus despite hitting revenue goals.
Working in a remote location with headquarters in Redmond means you wind up on teleconferences. And the folks at the HQ end don't always remember to turn on the video-conferencing.
should be faster paced company
bureaucracy, salary could be a bit more competitive
The "old way" of doing things is still pervasive. Lots of red tape. Too much time to make decisions. Not agile enough yet.
Not invented here mentality Coding practices not that great in some products Overly complex user interfaces
Hard to advance or move up without relocating
It is far from my Home
This is really nit-picky, but Compensation possibly not as competitive as the competition. No free food and just in general not a lot you get outside of getting paid (which isn't bad, just might not be up to par with what competitors do). Teams don't feel very close to each other, in social terms. Everyone is friendly, but not a lot of friends.
Intense work culture, most people in office work late nights, weekends, and holidays.  Culture can be a bit backstabby and aggressive rather than collaborative.
Intense work culture, most people in office work late nights, weekends, and holidays.  Culture can be a bit backstabby and aggressive rather than collaborative.
It’s amazing that nobody talks about favoritism, corruption, egos, incompetent management etc. If you end-up working for a good team everything should be OK however, as with any larger company everyone wants to be on a good team and most of the ppl are not. I happened to be working on a team where management believes that they are the smartest in the room….do you remember how this worked out for Enron? The disrespect, the arrogance, the behavioral abuse, followed by either direct or indirect threat of terminating employment, the daily appearance in action of superiority is much more common than listed in the reviews. The mistreatment of contractors while playing the tune that they contribute great value is a false facade. Huge amounts of full time employees left company due to internal politics, performance reviews unfairness and etc. Overall this is not a company you want to work for…besides recognizable name it has huge amounts of egoistic maniacs which generally a danger to be around.
Admins are just not getting the comp packages they deserve. Pay stalls hard in the 56-57 bands. You must be part of a two-income household to even pay rent, much less own, as a Microsoft admin. You are not bonus eligible. Raises run around 2-3 percent, which can be less than a rent payment.  It is a very broad position, depending on your manager. You clean offices for new hires, set up new PCs, negotiate for office space, may manage budgets. Responsibilities merge with the much more highly paid Business Manager position which can be very hard to get (and will always be underlevelled for an admin making the jump).  Even at the VP and sometimes at the CVP level, you will be responsible for multiple calendars, with no real diminishment in group admin expectations.
Accelerated career growth is very limited. No culture.
Politics, Review Model, Red Tape, lack of resources
Corporate bs that you would expext
Some projects have slow learning curve
- Products and Projects can seem important one minute and then be neglected another - misalignment between product and business teams - constant re-orgs
I can not think of any
relatively low compensation and salary
Very low level of technical expertise as a rule Forget about your career Nothing to learn except bad practices PM and test do not exist Cross group collaboration is gone Prepare to do a lot of redundant and not appreciated work On-Calls and open space
With the high pace it is hard to find time for additional education outside of Microsoft's core offerings. Also it is a swim or sink environment so in order to thrive you need to be very focused.
No cons as far as I know
Medical insurance used to be one of the best in industry, but not anymore.
Narrow/slow career paths regardless of achievement. You need to be in Washington State to be an exec at this company
Promotion opportunities are limited for me and even though Microsoft says pay for woman as it is for men, women don’t get as much credit and recognition for their contributions in the One Microsoft culture.
All paths lead to Redmond at some point unless you're happy remaining in sales or delivery roles. Layoffs are happening more frequently and really great talent is being let go.
Managers in the retail stores rotate roles every six months which is hard to adjust when they have different styles of leadership.
Leadership needs to evolve more. Approach to developing technology is not up to date. While benefits are good, they are changing with employees absorbing more through HSA and co-pays.
The pay was garbage. I left to work at McDonalds instead.
Promotion opportunities are limited for me and even though Microsoft says pay for woman as it is for men, women don’t get as much credit and recognition for their contributions in the One Microsoft culture.
Too much stratification of the workforce. Contractors are not valued sufficiently.
Slow to react and innovate on consumer sector
There are lots of bad managers, starting with with the CEO Employees are distracted by discussions on diversity, benefits, and every "else" other than work
If you are in the retail side of Microsoft, Run. The pay isn't in any means competitive, you are underpaid and underappreciated, most of the leadership in the retail still carries the unprofessional demeanor from other low-level retail stores, there's a lot improvements that need to be made starting with compensation.
Be warned: Digital Stores team is a train wreck. Managers don’t care about progress only your weekly bullet points. Bad managers with no backbone are choked and terrified by upper level bosses desperate for bullet points for their uninvolved and clueless VPs creating massive bottle necks. There is bullet point related rework every day. If you like to focus on big picture, don’t work on Digital Stores team...your days are spent writing stupid and short sighted MBRs, WBRs and other update nonsense that goes nowhere.
No higher cause here just boring job.
Lots and lots of people, sometimes can be difficult to get folks moving in one direction even when they want to. Internal politics at higher levels, hardcoded head counts and teams which have charters and deadlines creates boundaries which are often difficult to work with. Heavy focus on build systems for C#, when they need to focus on node.js a whole lot more.
too many bad managers, complaining (even formally) won't solve it so watch carefully who will you work for BEFORE accepting an offer. If stuck with bad managers you career will be frozen for a while.
The largest downside is that receiving internal job transfers/promotions is exceedingly more challenging than I would have ever imagined. Also, pay increases are very low each year, and in my role, the bonuses are insignificant.
Low salary, low perks, few carrier opportunities
Need to correct few things in the over all structure
So much autonomy that getting a good program of self-development that is logical and drives you toward position goals is difficult. Outdated and overlapping systems and "tool" that actually create more work.
Working pressure, not open source
Can be monotonous , many legacy systems, hard to get promoted, compensation could be better, sometimes hard to get noticed in the crowd.
Company-level decisions are not always clear and understandable (mobile, devices).
no correct access to it
Long hours during launch. Tedious workstream process for anything considered "new".
Retail hours, they say at the beginning that it’s nit about “sales” but then the push it later on.
not applicable so far yet
lots of never ending layoffs
Stressful overall. Work-life balance lacking.
If you land up in some orgs , it becomes difficult to grow
Older staff are laid off more frequently Layoffs seems to be the new norm around quarterly earnings announcement Revenue and profit is strong, yet layoffs persist for seemingly little business reason. A person is laid off, the job title changed and then a younger person is hired to replace them.
too much ad-hoc work, lost in details
none I can think of.
Cafe has limited variety of food.
Focus on one specific aspect of product. Don’t have a chance to access other aspects. If you stop learning you will not learn new things.
Difficult to meet sales standards at times, management tends to show favoritism
Retail, Unpredictable Hours, Hostile Market
The experience at Microsoft is VERY dependent on the team you work on. If you land on a great team, the experience is very positive. If you get unlucky, the culture of the team or org can be very poor.  Average promotion time seems to vary very heavily based on org. Some orgs (Windows) have a lot of senior engineers, and seem much more slow to promote more junior engineers than growing orgs such as Azure. It feels like you need to pick between doing what you enjoy and having good career opportunities.
Continual decrease in health benefits Office division pushed QA team into development tasks that made poorer use of existing skills/passion, leading to loss of QA talent in the org.
No cons. You get out 5x as much as you put in.
Small fish in a huge pond...huge. Majorly huge company that you can get lost in and difficult at times to feel that you are making an impact.
Depending on where you live, commuting can be a pain. Purchase orders process very slowly.
Too much note taking and not enough doing. SVA's should focus more on solving the problem rather than taking notes.
Your experience at MS has a lot to do with individual team you are in and its culture, it could be very political.
Slow development cycle, Many teams lack bonding
Need more employees to embrace core culture of the company.
Big company, easy to get lost. Constant re-orgs.
Work life balance is too good.
Team quality varies across divisions
-The development environment is not streamlined. Each team has their own solution for the same problem, (e.g. deployment scripts, build system). -Software development positions require strong soft skills to climb. -Internal documentation is not good. -Benefits are no longer competitive.
sometimes lack of structure, plan or original ideas
Company strategy has been mixed at times. Improving in this area with “One MICROSOFT” strategy to break down organizational silos but still more work needs to be done.
Lots of really questionable design decisions at higher levels, hard to get excited about products I'm not personally interested in ever purchasing. Some organizations are very disorganized, and breakdowns in communication are frequent.
Weak field sales leadership, "farmer" mentality, inadequate comp plan for sales professionals
The company is huge. You will work with many different software and hardware. Make sure to balance work. Very good place to work for
It's got really a growing company, so advancement into the upper echelons is extremely limited.
Middle management can be problematic and political. Vet your manager and your manager's manager before accepting a role. Now - more than ever - your manager can have a significant impact on your experience and compensation and they aren't usually accountable for being fair.
Eternal fight to minimize bureaucracy. This is always cycling between improving and growing but there are many people up and down the management chain working on it
Poor work life balance and late night calls
The company is huge. You will work with many different software and hardware. Make sure to balance work. Very good place to work for
5 managers in the first year and a half. No direction given to someone hired straight out of college, but that was probably because the team had no idea what to build. Progress would be made 6 or so months in, but then all of a sudden leadership would feel a reorg was necessary. Getting ahead in this organization really is about who you know.
no reason with cons .
Very hierarchical , political
Company culture is dated, too much politics too little doing.
Depending on the organization, you can find great leaders and terrible ones. in the org i’m a member of, there are lots of politics: everyone seems to be looking out for themselves. folks just have a mind to work for the end of year bonus - this creates a lot of animosity between peers.
You need you your current job to come to Microsoft :). Need to love seattle if you take a position at the head quarter.
very large company, so getting anything done means going through layers upon layers of approvals, after a certain point, getting promoted becomes very political
Workload is challenging but doable.
I can't even name any.
Quite a bit of bureaucracy / efforts to display 'visibility' in review time
Too much competition that slows down progress a lot.
salary band is first to be cut during right sizing, tech ageism is real
Relatively low pay compared to other tech companies, poor HR policies and processes for handling sensitive employee concerns, difficult to be a woman in tech at Microsoft, publicized values aren't reflected throughout the company
Corporate culture, many tiers of management.
Comp plans going to Technical and Corp Plans (T&C) Less and less "S" plans to make money.  Many jobs going to Tele and Technical Roles.
Kind of a boring company if not in a good group
Terrible management and organization at store levels
A lot of people related works.
Make sure you are clear to your manager about your growth goals
heavy vertical structure, pay less
I do not have any specific dislike based on my personal experience till now. But since Microsoft is huge, type and nature of work, work culture, work-life balance etc. varies from one team/org to another. So it may happen that you land up in a team which does not meet your expectations. Though in recent years Microsoft has made internal transition much smoother and simpler.
life can be awful if your manager is one of those - with no people skills. overhead red tape bureaucracy and slow promos
Bad project management, No clear goal
It's a large company - be prepared to navigate the waters to maximize your individual impact.
If there had to be cons, which there are few, I would say if you are working at the Microsoft Retail Store's there is less opportunity for growth then those in an outside recruiting market.
Microsoft is an awesome place to work
Sometimes too much pressure for deadlines.
Culture and initiatives were often bottoms-up, leading to the loudest voices getting the most resources. Focus on customers was less developed, and there was much more incentive to get new features out than to investigate bugs and improvements in user experience.
Retail hours are long and usually includes weekends
big company, more political issues and slow movement
Never really enough time to get a solution worked out, when you have to move on to the next thing.
Some orgs within Microsoft are more exciting than others. (Azure & Cloud >> Windows and Devices)
Retail leadership is not great, it fluctuates. Retail Leadership keeps trying to cut benefits.
politics at times too many higher ups(execs)
Low autonomy and creativity. MS actually missed out on a patent from me because they gave me no support for the work.  Typical big-company tendencies such as fads, not-invented-here and blame-shifting. Some tools have been described (in anonymous internal polls) as at least 5 years behind, it's painful to sit and watch sometimes (actually all the time).  Dogfooding instead of using the best technology. "Nobody else is using it at this scale" -- Azure support for a tool that replaced something much cheaper and higher-functioning.
pockets of the company are managed with old style
Not much compensation to offer
Thrown into the deep end, 70+ hour workweeks, lots of travel
Old review model forced unfair review and compensation. Review model supports unbalanced work life balance.
Should improve hiring process . Its very slow and time taking process . Time lines for hiring is generally more than 8 months which is very tedious and time consuming . Overall coordination with many departments is slow and issues that need faster resolution doesn’t happen overnight . Finance and travel department needs strong restructuring . Any issues addressed to these departments doesn’t get resolved quickly
Projects can move slowly. There are too many different teams doing different things, and it's hard to take advantage of the abundant knowledge and skills or to collaborate across teams.
Career progression is very manager-dependent
- big company, so can be political/slow - some groups are better than others, both in terms of product and quality of team, so make sure you have the right one for you. - seattle weather
Remote work was not yet part of the culture
Lower pay, very structural and hierarchical
Not much direction on how to move forward with company
Legacy takes time to overcome.
Frequent reorganizing and management change.
Company was too slow moving, showed very little respect to outside technologies. The division partner/VP called the shots based on his view of the world, there was to checks and balances or factoring in of customer needs or competitive progress.
little bit slow paced, too many re-orgs and office moves
A lot of internal politics and unfair HR policies/people Ageism very proactive at the cost of losing expensive IP & retraining costs Profit trumps everything else
There are no cons to working here
Slow at times. Not enough growth opportunity.
Politics, Everyone trying to become more "visible"
Big company that moves slowly on product decisions.
somewhat negative environment/culture, highly siloed
i never got a unicorn!
Navigating any large company can be difficult, you'll want to network as often as possible until you've made contacts across all teams you are dependent upon. And then learn about all the other teams and organizations!
Sometime you get what you ask for
Benefits , complexity, legacy , sales model
Work life balance, Travel, Evaluation
It is competitive working with people that has higher certification than you
Too many yet not agile process
sometimes the politics can be a bit much if you find yourself on a bad team.
Politics. Favoritism. upper management plays favorites. Sometimes quota is set by gut feel and not very accurate. Great role an individual contributor, but not much opportunity to grow within the role
Process could be slow. A lot of reorg.
More than 40 hours per week, promotions SLOW, pay average
Very difficult to make an impact as a new employee in a satellite office. Most of the decisions are made in Redmond, so there is little opportunity for growth and innovation. Employees are not sufficiently empowered. This is due in part to the staying power of the long term employees. It leaves little opportunity for professional growth.
Micromanagement, poor tools, a fragmented company, lateral motion is hard.
Stress levels are constantly through the roof. Transparency in management is hit or miss and even when it's good, it's not constant. The organizational partnerships and needs and relative tooling/tech grow and die rapidly. This makes it hard to partner across the company and build collective solutions. Expectations are sky high for marginal or even low results. In every job I've held at this company I and nearly all of my co-workers have felt a fear of losing our job at any moment due to a re-org or anything else out of our control. I rarely find anyone to properly inspire me and help me feel excited to come to work. Although I am very self driven, this causes turmoil for the tone of everyone interacting in the hallways or in meetings. It feels fight or flight nearly everywhere.
Culture is going through a transformation which is good but does have it challenges.
Had to move across the country to get promoted at all, the benefits have decreased in recent years, and I can't even afford a car when I live alone with two dogs.
Poor management, back-stabbing employees (especially those who've been at the co around 10-15 years), and lack of recognition
There really isn't any cons. This company keeps getting better and better!
With new management as a result of reorganization there are good engineers who lose out and typically leave company
Wildly varying engineering and management quality
Many people with big egos. Harder for introverts to stand out on work output alone
Working in retail with an inexperienced management team who micro-manages makes it difficult to excel and exceed expectations. Also, even though Microsoft claims to emphasize a work/life balance, it's difficult to do so with the demands of the retail industry. And opportunities into the Corporate part of Microsoft are almost impossible coming from Retail.
bonuses depend more on your manager than on your performance
Highly Politicized Environment, must play the game to advance.
some of the managers some of the teams some of the projects
Direct management was disorganized, room for growth difficult due to its current career paths, work/life balance is poor, with such a large organize can be difficult to grow and be heard
Everyone fought for themselves due to cut throat company policies.
No free conference passes for things like GDC
Crappy leadership in the field. Politics are insane. Your success really depends on your manager. Reorgs put people into roles they have no business being in. God forbid if you're above 50. A VP was fired for harassment then was reintegrated into the company as VP after an acquisition. Unbelievable.
slow leadership, slow to recognize, a lot of red tape.
Not that I care to share at the moment
The environment at Microsoft is very political with infighting between teams and lots of turf battles. Products often rise or fall not on their merit but based on the power of the executive in charge of the product.
Yearly attrition and horrible management communication. The company wants its Customers and its Engineers to believe they're customer focused, but it still really metric focused.
Compensation for Microsoft employees is below average compared to rival tech companies competing locally in the retail market. Advancement is possible, but only through relocation. An overabundance of managers on duty cause constant frustration between all members of staff and little guidance for successfully completing daily, weekly, and quarterly objectives. No commission offered for a very demanding sales roll.
Heavy work schedule - sometimes challenging work-life balance.
it takes more work load at microsoft
New hire training doesn't have anything to do with your job
There are Geographic Discrepancies, but the market demand doesn't necessarily change.
Overall no major long term projects
Despite the enthusiasm for being open to all technologies, most teams are still C# and .NET shops.
Many groups lack vision or purpose Showing up well to your managers peers is more important Aggression is rewarded
There were times when it was harder than it should be to find the right owner for decisions regarding processes that crossed organizational boundaries. There was also many times where decisions were made that impacted my specific job and/or area of the company that didn't seem logical or make good business sense.
Big company. Sometimes slow when implementing things.
Lack of rapid upward growth.
Extremely ambiguous environment Lack of process Outdated, inefficient systems in many areas Hierarchical/Bureaucratic Change is slower than we would like
you work hard everyday, so be prepared
Little work/life balance, but can be easily managed.
A lot of unnecessary politics Lack of cultural diversity. Most employees are from Asia Depending on team and project, boring work for the younger generation
Nothing special . .. All is well
While Satya has made a lot of positive changes to the company that are making it relevant again...I feel he is also responsible for negatives like forced diversity and the acceptance of senior leadership being openly politically biased. I worked at Microsoft because I loved the technology, not because of the political views of the senior leadership. Watching keynotes at internal events now sometimes boarding on being at a political rally. It has created a tone that if you are not in step with those views...you may not be in the right place.
They don't open up as many stores as they used to, so there is a lot of competition for higher roles. Fortunately if you are open to relocation, there are many opportunities at other stores and even in Redmond.
None. Interviewing was the toughest I've ever experienced, but that is how they get the best people!
Team work is paid just a lip-service. Its everyone on their own.
More of a stepping stone place. As in it’s here for you to develop not to stay.
moved slowly in the internet space
Stressful, working through holidays, high turnover in role
Management has their favorites and unless you’re favorite you will not move up within the company.
apart from the fact that the team size can sometimes be big nothing else is a con
not much under Satya... but constant restructuring is the new norm
non applicable there were no cons
-Feels like North Korea -Too many people trying to feed off of you than co-operate with you or help you -Few opportunities to do anything that would be useful outside of Microsoft -Toxic culture of favoritism and bootlicking
big company bureaucracy and lots of busy work.
It comes down to individuals, more than the company itself.
Nothing I can think of
- Long work hours - Management could be annoying at times
Below market pay Not innovating anymore
Long hours, tough projects, harsh management
not really any i can think of
Big company where you can get caught up in job elimination easily.
Some products or divisions less innovative and interesting than others
I feel the pressure from the peers.
It became too big of a corporation that didnt even know who was working for them and really didnt care about the employees. All they cared for was money.
A good company with some rotten managers. Most of them are typical old school managers and don't look for new talent
too big, things move slow sometimes.
Management had no oversight, Poor approach to feedback where they silence any suggestions due to "being negative" corporate wide.
poor leadership, politics, out of work relations are important to grow
Very large company requires navigation
I think everything was perfect
Change is constant and I’ve had 10 managers in 9 years.
Having to share your resources with a large org when you already have a large group to support.
Microsoft is a great company
Processes, long waits for solutions, team communications
Too bureaucratic, too political, pay isn't keeping up with the best in the industry
dont expect too much pay
- can be very political depending which team/group you join, so do your homework before you accept the offer, else you'll have to deal with mental agony or join the political order - avoid MSEG at any cost, its one of the most political orgs within Microsoft
very fast -paced, need very intelligent
politics, out of touch with end users, biased review model
After working here for a bit, I thought it would be right to share my opinion on how this job is. Do not be fooled that just because this is Microsoft that you are doing huge things. At the end of the day it is just another retail job. My over arching problem with the job leads to the hours. You are expected to work minimum 20 hours a week which is normal but, when you submit an availability and your managers do not adhere to it, then it becomes a problem. Being a student, time management becomes tougher especially since work is not the main priority. Also, Even when voicing my concern, it does not seem like it is being heard and the managers do not pay much heed to new hires. I do not understand why part timers can only have 5 hour shifts and are required to work 4 days when it is completely possible to work less days and longer hours especially if those days happen to be the busy days for the store. I write this review in hopes for management to read this and hopefully address my concern. Also another con is that it is fairly high stress. You deal with a plethora of customers and the word "no" is never and option. You have to treat customers far above many different places and it's outstanding the lengths one is required to go. I understand that the customer comes first, but the way it is being approached is utterly wrong. To each their own and this is my opinion. There are other things as well but I believe that this is enough. Thanks for reading and please keep in mind that, again this is my own opinion and if you have other thoughts you are entitled to writing your own review and I am glad you have not experienced this.
Truth is only used as a key tenant. Dishonesty is everywhere.
People get complacent. The risk culture that the SLT promotes hasn't been adopted by mid-level management.
I like Friendly nature partner.
Career development is an area where the company can and should improve.
Frequent re-organizations through out the company
low pay, bad perf review system
There are no cons at all.
huge amount of politics, big corporation - people end up doing the same job, way too many VP temper tantrums
They have been outsourcing consultant work to other countries so there are not many opportunities now
Sometimes culture is too self centered
Limited contract term of 18 months.
Too rigid a organization structure
no compensation for travel
It’s taking a long time to get to more toxic areas of the company like Bing. Bing is a mess and completely politically charged with rest and vest managers.
Depending on your luck, you might move to different organizations all the time, and do not have a chance to focus on one project.
Limited opportunity to move around if you live outside Redmond.
overemphasis on communication and politics and easy to burnout if poor at estimating/committing. Even though abolished in name, 6 month reviews still use old stack ranking in 2017 across peers and sister teams at your band level. internal engineering infrastructure is klunky and subpar compared to industry open source. Too much use of slow/buggy internal proprietary tooling. Tech stack is too much microsoft-built proprietary half-baked, buggy. zero/horrible documentation and too much reliance on email distribution list support for any layer of the stack. Your experience is a function of ability of manager and the team culture. Top contributors can get slighted by average/subpar devs during review time based on politics.
Low salary can be issue sometimes
Probably not a good fit for average performers
Too much travelling Too much emphasis on sales/revenues
Not the best place to be if you want to stand out.
low work salary and kinda bad management
If you are not a woman or minority, your chances of promotion and joining the organization are significantly lower give equal qualifications. Management have been given hiring quotas. Not a friendly environment if your demographic is middle-aged white male.
- In some teams, how much you brown-nose means more than how good of a job you do - If not in sales, comp can be heavily weighed on how much you are liked, bonus amounts not guaranteed - Raises very small
Gloomy Seattle weather keeps you restrained of outside activity
Review mechanism was not good enough
Slow promotion and not very good stock award
The pace is kind of slow.
Very big and can be easy to get lost in.
Big, slow. Requires lots of patience.
i dont like my boss
Playing to Wall Street - expectations on the employees is beyond reasonable.
Deep hierarchy with not much variation in promotion velocity (people get awarded titles for tenure length), employees tend to ignore emails from junior employees without impressive titles, very political, high complacency, a lot of apathy and "rest and vest"ers
Politics Favorites-Game Promotion based on circumstance versus merit
The environment can be overwhelming due to the complexity. Your manager will determine your future chances of advancement,
many people, many politics. many buildings
Can potentially be long hours.
Level of investment in Windows
Don't stay too long. It's not worth it. There are a lot of things happening in the world that may not be seen from within the Microsoft bubble.
Employee evaluation process fosters unhealthy internal competition at the expense of cooperation. Hard to keep a healthy work-life balance. Culture of long, long working hours as a 'badge of honour'. Pay is NOT great once you divide by #hours worked...
Again really depends upon your team
I was lucky enough to not have to deal with any cons at this time.
Review Model and Review Process
Very distant management, didn't foster creativity, cohesive team
Career Microsoft people (10+ years) with slightly old mindset are prevalent all over the company. They tout wanting outside perspectives but stick to old ways. It could be that the new CEO Satya Nadella's philosophy and management style has not reached all organizations yet especially the sales & business side. Senior management imposes a lot of accountability without providing authority, which can be dangerous for those not politically-savvy (like the long-timers). The old comic strip about Microsoft's "organizational hierarchy" showing teams pointing guns at each other is now more understandable as I experienced it first-hand. Also, overly high reliance on vendors.
The pay needs to be better. They're on the low side of all the larger tech companies. The culture varies greatly between teams and the ones I've been on have been pretty negative - people yelling at each other in meetings, no respect for a work-life balance, managers constantly unavailable, frequent layoffs
Despite many tweaks to the review system over the years, old habits die hard and stack ranking still happens. Stack ranking in small groups (ie under 25 or so) lowers morale and discourages true teamwork. It can pit managers against each other and put them in the awkward position of having to explain a low ranking that's more about politics than performance and impact. It also can make less appealing to work on a high functioning team, since it'll be harder to differentiate yourself and your work.
Hiring and promotions are primarily decided by managers and their managers. It is not as decentralized as how similar processes are at Facebook, Google or Amazon.
Working based on utilization (hours billed) can at times make it feel like you have to constantly work to keep up making it hard to use vacation time. As soon as you return from a few weeks of vacation time the added pile of hours to catch up on can be debilitating unless you front load you work. If you plan to work as a premier engineer time management is an essential skill.
They don't like remote employees
Everything is good and you have to climb your own ladder
Location - not as many options to switch company without switching the location
It is cut throat competition with other employees for raises and promotions, so they are few and far between.
Companies talks about managing effectively, but does not hold managers accountable.
Interruptions occur while scanning the PC, MAC, and Smartphone devices
My manager moved to another team- over and over again. Five managers in one year.
I did not find any cons about working there
No cons at this time.
Leadership (from corporate to retail) is very disconnected.
Inefficient due to short-term thinking
Constant reorganization of the company can be disruptive on many levels. Multiple rounds of layoffs lead to a culture where people do not feel encouraged to take bold risks. On the other hand, this has also changed Microsoft's culture for the better. Gone are the combative rivalries, and the dreaded employee stack review system.
Tough politics and hard to make a difference
Internal politics, including around selecting one PR agency for all of Microsoft. Difficult to get new relationships and skills that would let you work in PR elsewhere as they rely completely on agency for pitching.
Organizational churns so be prepared not to be randomized.
Cloud computing is hard sell
Expensive Food in on-campus options
The hours were not that bad
Interruptions occur while scanning the PC, MAC, and Smartphone devices
Revolving door of account teams is challenging for customers. Lay-offs, segment moves and RIFs of experienced and productive FTEs is less then customer centric as Microsoft reduces COGS.
Some projects are moving at very slow paces. such as excel
Very large company so your impact relative to the whole company will likely be small, you often learn the "Microsoft technology stack", not what is more common outside.
old and not exciting in some parts
While I believe in Satya's vision for the company, the new reality of Microsoft at least for the next few years will be a constant risk of RIFs. You have to be really adept at knowing which group to be in. It's like a giant game of whack a mole, you can get hit at any time for no reason regardless of how good your performance is. I personally know someone who won Platinum Club (highest sales honor) and less than 2 months later was RIFed. There is ZERO consideration of the individual or talent when it comes to a RIF. While they do allow you to interview back in, it's sort of an empty welcome as you are booted out of the company and treated like a new hire, at least from an access and interview perspective. Also you are only given 2 months...not nearly enough time given the glacial speed with which MSFT recruiting teams move. I've been on both sides of this now. I've interviewed and hired in dozens of great people at MSFT but the process is painful in my opinion.
Politics, bias in giving opportunities
sometimes the hours aren't all that great
Sometimes due to its size, it can be hard to find something particularly impactful. It's easy to feel like your contribution just sort of disappears into the ocean.
Time consuming. Work-life balance is a myth. But you have to work hard and smart to stay on the Top.
Can rot away in teams. Responsible for driving your own career. Politics an bite you if unprepared. It's a large organization and can be hard to stand out
There are parts - sales, services orgs in REDMOND etc come to mind - which still move at a glacial pace and not exactly where the highest caliber of talent is.
Though things have improved a lot, there are still vestiges of the old toxic culture in some teams. So please choose your team and manager wisely before coming here
This was one of the worst decisions I made after my MBA. Although the money is really good, Field organizations don't value MBAs and therefore you spend a whole year chasing your manager to give you relevant work. Field office culture is toxic as layoffs are common and treated coldly and they always start with the MBAs as no one cares to help and develop their skills. The program in itself is terribly organized, it is a sink or swim program and the attrition rate for MBAs is very very high. If you are serious about sales this is the worst program for a software company.  Also mentorship is non existent and the only way that you make it in this program is if you have a good manager willing to coach and build you. I left after a year and a half to a better environment.
Even though they have a new CEO and purpose in life, there are still too many "old school" Microsofties and politics going on to say they are really progressive. Plus, the are on a steady diet of laying off people and replacing with H1Bs. Make no mistake this is a real business plan for MS
As new grad, I was assigned to a team at random, which happened to be a team was least interested in or skilled at. To switch, I had to go through multiple interviews loop. By the time I prepare for them, I am already ready to switch company.
As new grad, I was assigned to a team at random, which happened to be a team was least interested in or skilled at. To switch, I had to go through multiple interviews loop. By the time I prepare for them, I am already ready to switch company.
Unfortunately they decided to not continue to manufacture in the United States.
tired sometimes we have to work overtime
Start is slow in new team for ramping up
Too many in-house platforms and processes
There's a lot of bureaucracy, and most managers seem very out of touch with customer needs and wants. If your immediate manager doesn't like you, you're out of luck - you'll be represented at reviews as a low performer until you're laid off or driven out, regardless of your previous performance record at the company.
* Some parts of the organization can be very political
Can be insular have to work hard to connect out across industry and industries massive technology and business footprint, can make it hard to stay current and deep.
Huge corporate bureaucracy, (some) bonus metrics aren't clearly defined, big quotas
Mediocre middle management, Encumbering processes
Work Life Balance is hard to find especially for those working on global teams. Favorable Bias for those who are more aggressive and comfortable risk-takers.
no cons, very good company
#refresh. It's a land grab right now. Top talent is getting riffed as the company "transforms"
Competitive work not much interaction with managers
The work-life balance can be difficult especially when dealing with end of month, budget and forecasting finance roles.
* Some parts of the organization can be very political
Upper management sometimes has no clue what lower level developers are actually doing.
paid food old boring culture
there is not much future
Most people are idiots but still very arrogant and territorial. People rise through the ranks due to, gossip, and catty cliques...not through results.
no new-hire training. no process documentation.
Doesn't offer too many hours
Too many reorgs, cost over customer satisfaction
The ops tempo is extremely high wth an expectation to work long hours and weekend if needed to get the job done. There is lots of emphasis on work life balance, but the workload and high commitment to achieve a decent reward prevents this goal from being realistic to attain.
Some products are improving, but overall Microsoft's products are only successful because of their long-held locked-in enterprise accounts where they are very effective at sustaining relationships and revenue -- culture is horrible despite reports that Satya has improved this -- burn out is frequent and attitudes towards employees are that they are disposable
Passive aggressive , cut-throat culture
Compensation is not as competitive as other companies.
Legacy code and thought patterns
Does not value the SDET career path at this time. Not a family oriented company now, few and disorganized family events.
Pay is only ok. Slow. You often find everything in windows is a hack on a hack on a hack, not maintainable at all
Success in corporation is heavily dependent on teams/managers. Some managers look out for you, but many don't care.  Sets you up for success within Microsoft. Limited technologies and stack make it a bit difficult to switch to other companies the longer you stay at Microsoft.
As with any big company, there's a tendency to get lost if you don't speak up from time to time.
Reorgs and cyclical uncertainty for consultants
Slow moving in certain organizations but that’s because of entrenched customer base. Not much else to complain about. Some older tech may not be valued outside
- Culture of trust is inconsistent across teams: some value and exemplify it, however too many still cultivate a profound fear of sharing opinions, ideas, and transparency around delivery commitments. - Microsoft very much still favors offshore resourcing to a fault, and at the expense of doing what's right for the customer, and caring for on-shore employees. - Re-employment is very difficult due to the 6 month break requirement, for post-employment. This occurs during the FTE to contractor role, or contractor to contractor role. However these rules are only applied to US based employees, while offshore are exempted from taking mandatory breaks.
Career Development might be limit.
worked with company vendor is quite differ compare to their own premises .
Avoid Windows org. (Windows org is like half the company now, so it is increasingly hard to stay clear of it. But it is worth the effort.)
big company. lots of politics and mis-aligned efforts
Most of the technologies are Microsoft products although the open sources are started being adopted more and more
Politics. There's still a lot of this by entrenched players trying to make their next promo.
Lack of work-life balance Low teamwork Lots of documentation
Not frontier tech and legacy compatibility
It's changed a lot, but still too siloed still.
Could be stressful depending on the team's work culture
Not a really well run consulting organization. Not well appreciated by the rest of Microsoft. Does not seem to follow consulting practices that are common in the industry.
Unstable schedule. Really hard to advance unless you know someone who knows someone in Corporate.
work life balance can be challenging, highly matrixed
Work-life balance can take a toll on you depending on how you manage the role you're in.
absolutely nothing at all, nothing
With being a very small team, comes more pressure to do more. Not great work-life balance
stop all the contracts it ruins the workplace
Stressful (needlessly so) and demanding.
There is pressure if you are on a team that moves fast. You have to keep yielding good results every week.
Poorly chosen executives. Too long identifying and managing problem executives out.
A lot of people involved to get work done
poor management and a little boring
Not competitive, slow-paced, innovation is not encouraged.
Process heavy Too many steps involved in releasing stuff
offices are not in main cities.
You seem just like a Number
If you get on the wrong team, or have a poor leader as the head of your division then the politics can make Game of Thrones look minor league by comparison.
Sometimes it is hard hours
Large company, Too many people, Beauracray
Seattle isn't as fun as NYC
Review process, culture, vision, location,
You can get lost in one of those "big org teams" doing very boring/legacy stuff. Stock bonus is lower than other big companies.
Not a lot of time to use them
Very stubborn company with old ideas.
Difficulty moving up and untenable targets
Cutthroat workplace environment, annual review/rewards cycle, team/organization/group politics
Microsoft is getting in its own way of success. They talk about "customer obsession" a lot but do not know how to deliver on this. The number of re-orgs and RiF's of some of our best employees have created limited focus, and sent our best talent to the competition.
Teams not working on current initiatives can sometimes experience lower investments and opportunity to grow the business.
None to share- I really enjoyed my time there
Development jobs limited in location, particularly Seattle. Competitive environment.
Bad managers 24/7 on call duties
Management can be uneven. There are some good leads and then there are those that still operate as if the stack rank system is in effect. And these ones can be seriously bad news for anyone who is not politically savvy.
- the campus is far from the city - some buildings on campus are dated - lots of meetings - only 15 days of vacation
If you stay too long, you will be undercompensated compared to those who leave after a few years.
some teams are not clear on vision
some teams are not clear on vision
I haven't seen any cons so far
Too big, sometimes strict policy
Very corporate culture at times, lots of hoops to jump through.
hard to advance in the company
A lot of false promises and unfair treatment toward your process to grow in the company.
Short opportunities for career growth
High pressure to change roles frequently (every 2 years) and to create "impact". there are many failed initiatives and "metrics" that miss their mark as they are derived from people trying to make an impact rather than truly empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. The TAM role has primarily become a sales role now rather than customer advocate as in the past. Support staff is thin and manly outsourced now. While TAMs are able to improve customer experience, their ability to provide outstanding (or even satisfactory) support is limited.
Silo mentality. Top down leadership style. Empowerment opportunity
Exhaustive workloads Culture is extremely competitive  "Performance review process needs improvement" (in 291 reviews)
less pay, no other cons
Need to follow up with a good manager.
Leadership can be clique and career prospects are tough if you don't stick with it
Lots of re-orgs Widespread cronyism Not the best decisions made, especially by middle management
Highly bureaucratic and political, no clear path for advancement or promotions within team or cross-organizational--you are on your own to sell yourself and skills to other teams. Little on the job training is offered, assumption is everyone will avail themselves of online tools which are often dated and/or circular--i.e. websites pointing to each other w/ no information on either. Outside of sales teams, bonus allotments are random and seem untied to work despite assurances that it is all taken into consideration. your bonus depends on how well or poorly your "peer pool" performed. If they didn't do as well, you will get more, if you all perform well, the money is peanut buttered across. Hardly incentive to help co-workers perform, despite cross-group collaboration goals.
Cannot think of any at the time
No Benefits Not a lot of upward mobility in Atlanta
Still moves slowly relative to the competition.
Worked with a guy who made frequent racist jokes about me and about minorities in general. He was enabled by my boss who turned a blind eye because he was a high performer. I brought this up as a reason when I left and had to listen to my former boss insist that it was more a matter of "immaturity than malice or racism".
Stock is not an important piece in compensation, in house software, old practises
Difficult to advance despite hard work Still very political regarding promotions Difficult to transition from retail to corporate If you come from a corporate, professional background, do not work in retail division
Extremely long hours (70 hr week norm) takes its toll, they appear(ed) to lay off people who hit 50 yrs of age or older, or who had worked there 20 years (or close to it) - assumingly because it would be cheaper to hire younger folks than continue to pay the higher salaried experienced ones.
less pay, no other cons
Not fast enough, code sharing not good enough
Silo'd into microsoft specific stack
political, slow moving up, slow expansion
Time off is a promise almost never kept despite generous earned time off Work life balance only exists during onboarding discussion Relationship with your manager will make or break your time with Microsoft At the end of the day, all of the promise of open minds is more of a promise - bias is well entrenched and even CEO can't break that plaque off those teeth
too much time wasted on coordination
Missing parity with other large tech companies in the small amenities, i.e. food, snacks, wfh, ...
Salary slightly lower then software jobs
- Company still slow to respond to consumers - need to be able to react faster to customers wants/demands - Still too many processes/procedures to get things done - we talk about doing things faster/better but we add in another system which slows things down - Review system still has issues - in spite of "bell curve" being replaced - Still have tendency to hire people who don't want to manage a team
Not super clear how to get promoted, lots of stakeholders which can slow or stall work, 520 bridge traffic can be soul crushing
Corporate politics from previous Eras are still around. Some mid-management (Directors and Group Managers) has difficulties dealing with change and effective transformation. Poor emotional intelligence. Sharing information, opportunities with your peers to grow great ideas is not in everyone's agenda. Non health competition may be an obstacle to execute great ideas and make things happen.
Big company to work for in Redmond
Disconnect with leadership, lack of career advancement
ever changing environment, Certain teams can be too fast paced
I've averaged 1 manager per year, maybe a little less. Makes career growth more difficult when you have to start a new relationship with your manager every year.
Low pay scale, political culture in some teams
Politically charged climate. Too large.
Middle layer leadership not great. Tons of political bs, gossip and toxic interaction.
Management Work life balance Leadership Lack of consistency
Slower to react to market
Microsoft Retail is still new compared to corporate and it is immediately noticeable in the lack of communication at times and constant unnecessary road blocks when just trying to work.
Leadership doesn't seem to care how hard you work. There are frequent reorganizations and your position can be eliminated without a second thought.
Performance review system is still the same old stack ranking, just under a different name. Sometimes management appears to have their head in the clouds.
Hierarchical, too much instability with reorgs etc.
The Ying to the Yang is that while Connects are good, they are also limited to the discretion of the manager. You will likely get at least 2 Connects a year based on organizational pressure to management, however, in some cases that is not always the case. Even if you can represent significant impact in Connects, you are again at the discretion of the manager. You manager can completely disagree and provide negative feedback and there is not much you can do about it other than to move internally to another team or organization to avoid a bad situation. If you are an employee in operations, IT, or other service engineering discipline, you will need to know coding and deliver code. This is where things are going. If you cannot adjust to this new skill set and deliver against it, then you are going to be in a bad place. While there is no "bell curve" with the new reward system, I have seen a significant amount of changes to how rewards are now distributed. There is definitely the "good ol' boy" network and favoritism. Likely not different than most other companies. Key point is that while the new reward system sounded cool and looked good a few years ago, reality is catching up.
Politics, some people have lot of ego. Lots of levels. each title have at least 2 levels which sometimes make longer to get to senior even if you are working hard.
Too much management intricacies Everything needs to be done by yesterday and needs quick fixes
Wont work much on open source
Experience depends heavily on team, difficult to switch between teams.
fast paced. too many emails.
Senior management can be callous. Not people centric.
Like in any other company, politics go a long way.
The usual baggage that comes from a long-established company, like overuse of internal tools instead of industry standard tools, as well as entrenched processes and bureaucracies that can hinder agility and efficiency. This, varies from team to team, but several data points I've collected make this feedback relevant. There's progress being made, but in a company this big and old, it takes time.  Competing against others who don't maintain a balance between work and life can leave you on the outside, and that's not uncommon here. Working hard and long hours can get you rewarded with opportunities and promotions, and it's hard to argue against this (if you're doing the work, I guess you should get rewarded). It's just demoralizing when choosing not to de-prioritize family can work against your upward trajectory.
Co-workers are insipid bit twidlers
As with any large company, layoffs can and do happen, in a very impersonal manner, which is how I left. Middle to upper management in some areas can be detached from the individual contributors, so it is your responsibility to wave your flag, it's a tough environment in some groups.
not so great salary for old employee
I did not feel there was any overall great experience.
Work can be unstructured
Management needs to be more tuned with the employee needs.
Consultants travel so much, no life work balance
I like the direction of the company under Satya. Would like to see this filter down to middle management. Unfortunately, there are still quite a few fixed mindsets.
It wasn't the same way in 2008.
Your manager can make or break you Lots of Bureaucracy at higher levels
Very demanding with amount of hours and work life balance if you are looking to achieve greatness. Top performers are very competitive. Frequent travel is expected in many roles.
Very competitive - sometimes get non-collaborative Expectations are very high Long work hours
Microsoft specific technologies are used
Microsoft Reno seems to not want employees with more than 8-10 years of experience. At the Reno office, we called it the 10-year curse, because that was often the time you'd be managed out. They focus a lot on their intern program with UNR, and that's because those are the people that will replace the tenured employees when they get laid off. It's highly frustrating that this is the norm, but I saw so many high quality employees pushed out this way. I went from being identified as Key Talent one quarter with a high review rating to being managed out the next quarter, and nothing had changed about the quality of my work. They didn't even have a rationale for this drastic change. I can tell you the rationale -- my salary, insurance, and stock options had become too expensive for their liking.
Budgets not solutions drive sales motion
Company empowers management/managers, but still needs a lot of work to empower all employees, It is very metric driven, often lacks big picture approach, Switching jobs internally is very difficult because current managers have more control and your existing experience can be held against you, Lacks OneMicrosoft approach between different org's
None that come to mind.
No free food and perks
Sometimes the work gets a bit mundane.
Too many changes in management.
The large size of the company means a lot of red tape for any changes. Lots of politics, which is expected at a company of this size.
Budgets not solutions drive sales motion
Long working hours and very political internal landscape
The hiring process is very long.
There wasn't enough time for breaks.
You have a harder time getting visibility if you work remotely as most people can only think about you if they see you, and even that only at the 'right' time
Too much conflict between Developers and PM
They don’t recognize good work
Other companies ignore you after several years with Microsoft
- Comp not competitive - Lazy coworkers not pulling their weight
Change is hard and impacts individuals in different ways. I was plucked from one role and placed into another because the organization needed people in those roles, but it wasn't what I wanted to do.
Horrible teams with dysfunctional people. Managers are awful and don’t lead. HR related instances that occur and the managers sweep them under the rug. Layoffs continue as the company changes. I would not recommend a job at MICROSOFT to anyone.
-Company vision changes frequently, currently lots of risk of "reduction in force" due to cloud initiatives -Poor performers aren't given much opportunity to improve, attrition routinely forced. -Current senior management for me is lacking -Sr to Principal is a tough move, and also a great flag for attrition if you can't keep up.
Too many to outline, this is not the company you were looking for.
Way too many reorganizations. Also a tendency to keep chasing the flavor of the day in new technologies, causing regular disruption in work. There is a strong move up or move out mentality in management. Employees content with where they are at and doing well there often get driven out) . Mid to upper management often seems disconnected from what is going on.
Way too many reorganizations. Also a tendency to keep chasing the flavor of the day in new technologies, causing regular disruption in work. There is a strong move up or move out mentality in management. Employees content with where they are at and doing well there often get driven out) . Mid to upper management often seems disconnected from what is going on.
I don't find any throughout my career here.
1) There are a lot of bad managers (especially any orgs related to Windows/Bing Apps) and peer politics at workplace (most orgs). 2) Unreasonable layoffs and frequent reorgs in core engineering jobs. One org infamously laid off all new hires with < 1 year of MS experience. RIF's not based on performance is a moral dampener. 3) Review system is really bad. You should be reviewed for the primary job that you are hired to do, which includes quality, timely delivery, team building, good work ethics. But here, you need to show what they call as "impact", which is doing any unrelated project or talk or brown-bag, that makes you visible to the higher-ups. If you are not capable of doing this one thing, then no matter how qualified you are at your job, skills and experience, you will stay at the same level for years! Even though the "ratings" are removed, it's the same old stack-ranking review system with a fancy new name.
Internal politics, the horrible stack ranking mechanism, and frequent reorgs often got in the way of useful work. An insular culture and ridiculous guidelines and legal hurdles made use of, and contribution to, open source projects difficult and painful.
Never having enough staff to do the job right, most of the time.Blab, Blab, Blab, Blab, Blab, Blab, Blab, Blab
Retail hours can impede on a work/life balance at times.
I enjoyed my time with Microsoft thouroughly
Company culture is still a little back-scabby due to people who have been there so long
lower ability to earn when on the sales side. Capped commission and the comp plan is very difficult to understand. You never know what you will make when you close a deal.
-older colleagues -slow to change -bureaucratic
NA, NA, NA, NA, NA
Consistent layoffs, high stress, lack of work life balance. If you get a bad manager you will be micromanaged and have no growth. The environment is very political and cut throat.
I've been a vendor for quite some time and would love to go blue at some point, but I don't consider this a con as I feel very privileged to be here.
It is difficult to get a permanent position in the company
Nothing specific. Heard there were politics in India office but that was very log ago.
Not the new kid on the block, what is your edge, how do you appeal to the millennials?
Still a mix of old and new culture and changes can be painful.
none none none none none none
Rigid evaluation process and only succeed if you make 100% quota
Don't know enough yet to say
you will loose your health because there are many managers who love to stress employees. They think they can get things done by stressing.
Very few good managers, constant flux, low gender diversity. Culture is very different from team to team, so choose your team wisely, and hope your leadership stays the same as the culture will change if you get reorged or your management changes. Advancement is based as much on who you know and how you play politics (maybe even more), than on your skills and contributions
PTO should be a single bucket. I have 3 weeks of vacation and 2 weeks of sick leave. I'm never sick. Don't make me pretend to be sick just to get a day off. Put it in a single bucket and let people manage it themselves.
Hard to balance work and life. Management makes it so difficult to take days off or accomodate certain aspect. Those focuses changed in the past 3 years. At the beginning it was an amazing work environment, as time went by they started to become pushy about goals and sales and forgot about the culture. Also, very hard to go to corporate from Retail. Nl career path development.
Unable to think of any
Work can be very demanding
salary not high compared to some companies
Frequent and major changes in strategy and roles Internal politics above a certain level Unpredictable and frequent layoffs can be demotivating
Press forward a lead vs. the traditional fast follower
Not many cons that i know of
Some people in management roles have no business being in management roles. They lack the basic business expertise to lead teams or guide strategy. Poor people skills and unwillingness to learn. Limited opportunity to grow. An overvaluing of Microsoft experience versus industry experience really limits the company's potential to be innovative.
Some bad stuff, needs to improve.
Very Political and disagreeing viewpoints are not always appreciated
* Living in Microsoft bubble for too long can be detrimental to your market value. * If you have a bad manager, change team asap and find a better fit. There is no other way to fix it if you don't want to harm your career.
Legacy tool chains, developer productivity is in improving stage.
Unable to think of any
Some politics esp. in MSIT
lower salary with other IT company
Extreme hierarchical corporate culture Innovation is second to political posturing
Outdated software, slow to production
Slower than some of the competition but they have started to change now
See themselves as a SJW at the CEO / HR level, to the point of excess in some cases. Manage by 'Scorecard', which dictates a million little things that all need to be perfect to be considered successful, including down to the employee level. Over-emphasis on meaningless training (everyone knows it's just a 'check the box' exercise, with little gained from it other than being a distraction from the Scorecard objectives). Can be inflexible at the exec management level, expecting Kool-Aid to be consumed even when it's obviously bad Kool-Aid (think 'MUST use Windows Phone').
In the group I was in, work-life balance was off
bad bureaucracy in some of the orgs/teams but should not effect for hard working, dedicated and high performing folks
Can be a "political" company Difficult to find local jobs if you arent in Redmond. Hard work can go unnoticed from time to time
Not that great work though
Suburbia, unclear windows strategy, still a lot of old school dinosaur principal and partner level managers that are more interested in empire building than designing the future
The pay was too much The schedule paid me even when i wasnt working The free food was okay The games were offline only
Not much if you are part of the team whose management listens to what you have to say.
Everyone spends most of their time on frivolous busywork: Meetings, manually sideloading files because the proper build process takes too long, refactoring code/dealing with forced refactoring, etc.  It's so bad that there's actually a term for meaningful work to distinguish it from normal daily tasks: "Impact". You're "making an impact" if you manage to actually do something that will improve customers' experiences or make other engineers actually more productive rather than waste more of their time. FYI, at most companies I've worked with, "Impact" is the standard and a lack of impact results in termination of the employee, team, or the entire company itself.  Microsoft under Satya Nadella is paying lip service to the philosophy that made Microsoft great in the first place and has been serving other companies so well recently, but in practice the company is a bloated, ineffectual behemoth of failure. Most of the people who brought the tech industry to its knees in the 80s and 90s got rich and got out, and they trained a generation of quiet, useless busybodies to replace themselves. Anyone with any passion or dedication to quality got slowly extruded out the back end of the company over the last 20 years, until we got to this point where Microsoft abandons+reboots their failed phone platform every two years and makes laughably terrible moves like removing the Start Button and forcing updates on people mid-presentation.
No room to move up
Many of the pitfalls of retail at a larger company. It can easy to be drowned out in the mass of retail employees. Operations roles can be swamped. The retail employees are paid on the upper end of retail, but is asked to do a lot. So you have to be a jack of all trades. You can't just walk in, do your job, and walk out.  Your store manager can either be really good or really bad. They are your main advocate, so they will make or break your job. But upper management at corporate will listen if you pass it up feedback/problems (if you have any!) in the right way. You can be overworked by the sheer variety of tasks you'll do, but that can be really good for your career.
Some teams are very demanding.
Company is too big for its good. Lots of fighting and non-cooperative behavior between teams
Not many cons! Possibly an improvement they can do is make the Las Colinas work environment more modern. And not require professional attire.
non-development disciplines can be messy at times
Lack of structure and direction, things change so much. Lots of push back from the higher-ups on projects. Generally, there's only a few people making decisions here.
Passion for the product isn't abundant
A lot of process that inhibits time selling.
bureaucracy, not customer centric. slow
Highly political, unrealistic quotas, uninspiring leaders, no App Store and limited relevant partner eco system. Not a nimble organization and under appreciated group.
Policies and Procedures, not as Agile as smaller companies, some good managers, some bad managers. You often feel just like another number in a big company.
Every year Microsoft was taking away little by little bonuses and stock then the benefits went way up.
Not just bad, but much worse compensation
With such a large company and campus, it is easy to feel like you are being sucked into something overwhelming. As long as you make a few lifelines through your manager or coworkers, it can be managed.
Matrix Structure. Difficlut to change roles
Relative low income comparing to other IT company.
Difficult to move within company
sales force structure doesn't align to vision
Retail sales are difficult, but nothing much to do about that
Hard to move at fast paced environment
the usual problem with big company
- Up and out mentality when review's are evaluated on most teams, leads to a politics and - Work/Life balance are just words - Too much politics in certain departments
No salary since there is just a volunteer job
Long hours and high expectations - creates stress
not the best company culture.
old tech, stale management, less activities.
Far too much politics, and sometimes brutal backstabbing to get promotions. There's no clear guidelines for levels, and it's possible to get stuck for years.  Frequent reorgs frequently reset any career growth.  For all the talk of diversity, the loud, opinionated, male employees are promoted the quickest.
Such a large company which still has pockets of "good ol' boy" networks/management which are bad apples that taint certain groups and the needed relationships between internal teams. Could really benefit from having more good managers.
Super tight policy for product release (can be a Pro in the long run) , but if you are looking for some position that allow your new product to hit the market within a few days, or weeks, you may find it a bit harder compared to smaller size companies.
Cadence is slow. top down work rhythm.
Some of the tooling needs a lot of improvement and often feels neglected. Communication between teams/orgs leaves a lot to be desired.
Sometimes legacy technologies , but it must have place when you retire them. This I write only to have 20 words
Big organizations bring big challenges in politics and constant reorgs.
But once you get to a certain level it is almost impossible to be promoted. It is almost impossible to get a position outside of your team unless your willing to move.
Cannot think of anything to put here
Compensation and Review system is busted. Once you get in you may end up earning less than new hires
Lack of Structure Callous culture encouraged in some places
Honestly, I don't have any. I didn't like the forced performance evaluation cycle but that was changed in 2014 for the best.
Big company. Slightly slow moving.
Honestly, I don't have any. I didn't like the forced performance evaluation cycle but that was changed in 2014 for the best.
It's a large company and they do not move quickly as might be perceived Support Services is well behind the industry in terms of methods and modes Not open to ideas bottom up - they have to be funded top down. You can have positive ROI or innovative ideas and still not be supported or expanded.
The culture is a bullying, mibbing culture. Lots and lots of politics only little efficiency. I’m putting up with these for years, but lately asking myself if it worths it
Management skills and career devevelopment focus.
The specific store manager I had was not a good fit for that role. His focus was more on making money, playing games, and personal ego.
A happy, sustainable workforce is a two-edged sword. On one hand, it's wonderful to developer a career in a diverse number of roles over many years with the same company. On the other hand, it means there's not as much cross-polination of ideas from outside the company. Microsoft would actually benefit from higher (voluntary) turn-over.
food quality is not so good
There are still a few negative attitudes from people who don't work here. We'll always be the 'evil empire' to some. People also complain to you about any frustration they have with MS, regardless of whether you are involved with that product.
Not cutting edge technical and political. Too many idle employees and too little oppurtunities
Severe work environment, complete focus on self, money and personal ambition.
Retail hours weren't practical for work/life balance.
Competitive, can be secretive and some teams are a lot more open and collaborative than others.
None other then the normal politics in any company
While changes have happened with new CEO, company can sometimes remain slow in decision making and highly political
Mediocre leadership is taking over.
Didn't do much meaningful work
Leadership teams set short-sighted goals that hurt us in the long run Total compensation is below market rate among the largest tech companies for top new-grad hires. Engineers are overloaded with responsibilities and not given much freedom to choose their projects. My team suddenly became responsible for manual testing our product after funding for test was taken away. Engineers are responsible and on-call for service live-site incidents. Additional responsibilities are added without expectation of decreased performance. Low employee engagement and morale. Very few moral events.
the company is too big.good tecnology, good culture
Not much agile as compared to other market competitors.
Lower level management may lack vision and direction
Politics Mediocre talent Less opportunities to move up
Not enough workers need more people who actually want to work.
Not as nimble as it once was though that has changed considerably as of late.
Microsoft isn't interested in "winning" certain categories of business and it's frustrating to see inept decisions prevent us from growing. Employees don't like change, people are content to maintain the status quo and travel the path of least resistance. Internal politics around race, sexual identity and gender are excessive and forced. Intense internal competition for resources and dollars, de-investment in non-core (cloud) categories.
Commission structure broken, turn over is immense
Sometimes the amount of program managers can stifle productivity, but otherwise no cons from me
Separation within employees due to background accessibility.
Don't have many problems at this company. Just another company another ob. I hate how many politics there are.
Culture - focused on individual contributions rather than team lack of strategy lack of true customer focus Most people managers are terrible
Frequent lay-offs, re-orgs, top-to-bottom flow of work
Poor work/life balance (even though they like to talk about it a lot) Poor review model - nothing in the review model rewards a team mentality, but promotes individual achievement
Politics, slow, management overhead work, women mistreated, too many games
Some remnants of old Microsoft culture
The organization is pretty big so the cons is sometimes it is hard to push thing forward and make thing happened in a short of time.
organizational focus - 3 reorgs in 7 months!
still the "good old boys" network internally. To many politics in the way of getting your job done.
Stock award is not very incentive
Difficult to grow even as you were an non-employee
Not People Friendly, heavy competition
- compensation is not competitive with fb, google. - more to be done to inspire innovation within/ across teams (this may be specific feedback on my current team). - managers have a huge say in reviews and promotions. there is no way to quantify peer feedback and can take a back seat. - Microsoft was considered an environment with higher job security, but, that's not the case anymore with increasing love for Wall Street. In a way, it was good to manage out low performers and keep folks productive, but, they did not match it with increase in compensation.
constantly on the grind, must advertise yourself and build your reputation because your manager may or may not fight for you
Funding, , ,
Politics, like everywhere if you are not part of the circle of friends, you do not get that many opportunities, or awards. Being a remote employee in the marketing team is difficult as you do not get a lot of opportunities compared with others located in Seattle. I was part of the recent reduction in force and it was a hard pill to swallow as I thought I did a tremendous job and I was regarded as a loyal and efficient employee.
Non pet friendly environment and no in house child care
- Pay not as high as other silicon valley companies - No free food, though there are nice cafés - Some parts of the company have a lot of politics and make it hard to progress
A lot of the hiring process took a while - but great other wise.
Different organizations don't collaborate efficiently
Managers are typically mediocre Many product teams are weak Pay is so-so compared to other companies in tech Many benefits and events are stilted toward employees with kids and families, so if you're young, get the new hire bonus and stock, Microsoft on the resume, and go elsewhere.
Management is hit or miss. 60+ hour weeks. Poor work life balance. Not a job for everybody
Training and too big and they are strick on PTO
Career opportunities at remote locations limited.
Nothing at the moment to say.
At the time, which has changed significantly today, technology was closed and direction was many times in a catch up mode. Satya has changed all that.
Layers of Management have increased Processes impede agile behavior
Changing group inside if MS needs another round of interview
No free food, no Seattle work options (commuting to Redmond is not fun), and a lack of work-life balance are problematic. If you want to earn top rewards, or above target rewards, you'll work yourself into burnout - often working on weekends, and in the evenings. Management can be a little inaccessible.
Politics rule the day. "One microsoft" does not exist. Constant infighting, leadership that is out of touch with the field and more focus on their image as they plan for their next role.
Once you reach a level of proficiency and mastery, you are no longer useful to them. You can easily go from a high or even just very good performer to the bottom of the heap in a matter of one quarter. The managers are untrained and ill equipped for management. They have no ability to be honest or forthright.  The joke around the office is that it is not a matter of "if" you will get fired, it's a matter of "when." Everyone has a shelf life and it's just a matter of when you have hit yours.  Such a horrible and toxic environment. There are therapists in Reno that specialize in MS employees because there is such a demand for it.  My advice is to get out when you can! The money is not worth it.
HR is always seeking to reduce employee cost by taking away benefits or eliminating employees that might be expensive, like older employees. Some of the management is not the most ethical.
Work Life Balance, Compensation. Most opportunities are based in Redmond, WA>
A tad bureaucratic, which can be good and bad.
you have to be self-driven to make progress.
Decent perks can be improved to match industry
Low compensation, lack of diversity, performance system is not clear because "impact" is subjective and the ability for advancement is limited
I did not find anything I particularly dislike about this company but I wish for free food.
- Bureaucratic - Development processes can be slow - Internal tools are outdated and terrible
They have a habit of laser-focusing developers into a single area of development. While internal transfer opportunities are avalaible, it's like re-interviewing for your own job, and if you're moving from, say, cloud development to web development, it can be very difficult. Don't expect full-stack roles.
work/life balance, bureaucracy tends to make it slow to react.
Job under pressure, tight schedule
Lots of middle management lifers that have forgotten how to work, and simply play the bureaucracy and politic games to stay alive. There are many in HR/Recruiting that are quick to learn the buzz speak like "growth mindset" and "leveraging the work of others" and then bastardize those into new meanings such as "taking credit for the work of others".
A lot of politics, people who spent long time at the company seems disconnected from how things works outside of the company.
It's not an environment that encourages you to become a good engineer, the product and the code have very low quality. Code review is not mandatory and people don't take it seriously. It feels like we write code that works, and that's it.
The company is so big that it is hard to network with other UX professionals and to get to know the different positions available to me or how I might find that. Its very difficult to find the correct job posting. I would prefer people reach out to me.
Very few, to none.
work life balance challenge and restructuring constantly make it difficult
Working with poeple who are position driven. Will doi anything go pull down their co workers. Constantly lying and playing up to the boss. Won't talk to you if you don't fit into their group.
you work very, very hard. Must be able to work well with not a lot of structure
I cannot think of any.
Need to find the right teams.
Microsoft underpays compared to similar companies in the area, especially in terms of starting bonuses.
Lots of management to work
Difficult for new graduates to get on projects. Not enough relevant projects in the services branch yet nonstop hiring of college students (for the MACH program) who end up sitting on the bench.
limited shaded parking space in Florida summer
Culture changing to be more cookie-cutter like Silicon Valley, compensation a little behind competitors, a lot of inertia
Typical politics expected in the large companies
team size would be small and module wise which may not be easy accessible. It's really hard to describe any downside for Microsoft.
Lots has to come together to realize that vision
Promotioms are slow and politics rule over actual accomplishment. Too many executives runs business units with little review or accountability.
The last few years has seen significant shake-ups and lay-offs that make employment stability less secure. It's tough focusing on great work, when you aren't sure if you will be up-ended by frequent re-orgs or god forbid, lay-offs.
Products and services are now considered 2nd rate. Talent is older and not exactly top-notch.
Demands are very high. No matter how much you do, there is always more to do.
I can't think of anything really bad to say about the Company
Very top heavy company, need to figure out how to navigate red tape to get work done. Very slow release cycles
Very bad work-life balance at all
Big organization, so you never know what can happen regardless of your performance.
I was in sales and I ended up leaving because Microsoft's transition from mostly selling on Enterprise Agreement to subscription (moving from on prem software to the cloud essentially) was a huge pain point. I am confident the company will over come this in years to come but it was tough working with people who had been selling a certain way for 15+ years, lots of resistance and negatively from field sellers.
Can be long hours during peak times of the year (quarter ends)
It's a big company, which brings bureaucracy at times. While the universally hated forced review curve is no longer official practice, every group I've seen still pushes managers to identify low performers and give them no rewards at annual review. Job security is less than what it use to be due to annual layoffs.
Sales and Sales Support employees are too focused on their comp plans vs. servicing their customers.
Make sure you respect the manager you are working for otherwise you may not do well at performance review time.
HR is a mess. Little investment in identifying talent and talent retention. Little formal training for managers, new hire on-boarding dismal, chaotic. Overall sense that more Jr. people being hired to fill Sr. roles at lower salaries. No one really knows what their jobs are, what scorecards look like halfway thru Q1.. New Salesforce folks brought in also bring with them a "bro" culture. It feels like no one is really running anything. Finance making changes to sales team compensation models in Q4 because teams are "too successful" so "baseline numbers and models must be wrong" adding to atmosphere of distrust. Many folks loosing their trust in their employer. PPO plans administered by Blue Cross Blue Shield are high deductible with flimsy coverage for out of net work, poor administrative support and just plain expensive.
Too big, too much legacy, too risk adverse.
Missteps of the past, not enough emphasis on marketing.
There are none - it's truly a great place to work.
The overall framework has been locked down. Not easy to participate tough problem.
Nothing i can think of. You tel
Inconsistency between managers and lack of structure and discipline. In retail, its usually a younger staff which has a younger mindset or lack of energy or customer-obsession.
Career advancement is a priority but hard to achieve.
Can be very stressful at times.
Hard to stand out sometimes
Still extremely bloated, way too much middle management. Organizing functions by centers of excellence as opposed to business units has caused some challenges (IE: All hardware reporting up through one chain, as opposed to operating as Xbox, Surface, etc...)
Hard to shake away the country club culture
Big ships turn slowly. We're often first on the scene with a great idea, but so slow to execute that we're last on the scene with an actual deployment of it. You'll probably encounter this and get frustrated by it regularly. It can also be a cult of personality at times, where directives come down from "on high" that a particular direction shall be taken.
Leadership is making great strides in making further customer and employee focused changes to the culture. These things take time so you may find some of the 'old guard' mentality still exists.
Constant layoffs leave everyone on edge and create an unhealthy competitive atmosphere.
Not as agile as the competition
Recent reorganization leaves a lot up in the air. Many people are struggling to understand how they fit in with the changes.
as mentioned before, very normal company, normal job, normal pay, normal expectations.
Nothing really. Continue what you are doing
Fearless internal competition. Lack of internal opps.
Career navigation can be difficult at times
Alot of work load especially if youre just starting out
Bad work life balance (improving). It's a business and layoffs are always an option.
everything is lie, never trust at all
Job stability - roles change every 6 months to year, and even within the same role description the KPIs and requirements may change Benefits package, mainly medical, took a downturn this past year
A little too much process and bureaucracy at times.
There are no cons working for Microsoft.
Managers tend to stay in their positions very long time, which can make it hard for advancement in Reno. There can be a lot of " red tape" to get through in order see real change.
Not much control over numbers that contribute to performance measuring.
Too much politics and things are slow
A lot of up managing and people pushing work off onto others.
the working culture, especially in hardware, is not proactive
Rating system is still flawed.
The store I particularly created an unprofessional work environment. The company as a whole is an incredible company. Pleasure to work for.
I saw best boss there, and I saw the worst too.
A great many cooks contribute to running the show. Upper management seemed to function by capricious fiat. There was an ever changing cast of characters at the highest ranks.
It's all about "diversity" and if you are a white male, just forget it.
Hard to advance your career
Slow at times, not embracing cutting edge tech as much
Can have an intense work environment lacking in balance during certain times of the year. Continued opportunity to breakdown silos across organizations but great traction as of late.
Transforming - seems to be shedding some of the people that earned it its successes. There are still a lot of great people there - but it has let go some of the people and spirit that made it a world leader.
No job security. Always just waiting on the axe to fall and get shoved out. Rewards are all about how well you can market yourself to management, not about the work you do.
Layoffs are fairly common as the company shifts priorities and struggles to compete with Cloud. Reorg's can be overly frequent and disruptive due to poor advance planning. Large company bureaucracy... Ambiguous or unnecessarily complex job responsibilities can slow down productivity.
Be sure to maintain a work-life balance. It's easy to focus too much on work with it's a challenging project!
Company is looked at negatively by others for no reason.
it's very large and can be bureaucratic at times - it tends to have more internal processes than it really needs, which can make execution a challenge.
Certain organizations can make your career a nightmare. Little growth, opportunities and sometimes non exciting projects could leave you in an unpleasant positions for years. Some locations are very far in WA, like Issaquah.
Too much politics. Because it is such a large company, it is very hard to get promoted. The only way is if the boss likes you.
ideas and directions come top down
Rating system still an issue in services. If you have a bad year, you are screwed, might as well look for a new job.
Due to the size of company/team, it takes longer to respond to market change. It should be more open to open source technologies. Some open source technologies are better than the competing Microsoft technologies.
Your success has everything to do with whether you have a decent manager or not. Unfortunately for Microsoft they don't always put folks into manager positions with the best people skills. If you end up with one of these managers find another role in the company otherwise life will suck.
Work life balance varies widely, if you want to work on new tech expect to work a lot. Some managers are really good and interested in your career, others are only in it for themselves. It also can be hard to move to other groups, you have to interview just like an outside candidate which is odd.
High pressure culture. Experienced age based, and gender based bias continually. Microsoft shifts strategy each year - which really only gives it 9 months to execute. This means basically annual re-organizations, and poorly executed strategy is baked into the day-to-day. Change can be a very good thing, constant change creates constant instability.
it is a political place
Many great people leave either because of poor direct managers or because they tire of rewards that come from competition and short term benefits instead of partnership and long-term, year to year impacts. Senior leaders are measured on what they accomplish in a review cycle, then move on to a promotion and leave the mess of their short term success for others to be hit with. Additionally, the constant re-orgs can sap energy and team synergy. Microsoft is known as re-org central.
changes can be slow, too many re-orgs
The company requires too much time and work a great amount of hours.
Corporate culture is often toxic.
Bloated and bureaucratic can lead to taking a long time to get anything done.
Work pressure, meeting work style
They run your background for every new position
Bureaucracy and politics in getting things done
abundant resources, can be overwhelming
The Danbury Ct Store doesn't have a great development plan for the employees. The only advice I received was perfect your role . no advice on other positions opening and how to apply or be considered for other positions.
Some things, not easy to articulate. People, expectations, alpha.
Lots of employees means that it's difficult to stand out if you aren't one of the hardest working and brightest.
Lack of customer focus, pockets of established stagnating management
No Cons at this time
The business administrator role is leveled below all positions at Microsoft, is hourly and does not receive the same stock options and bonus benefits like other positions at the company.
Too many doing strategy w/out any accountability for successful execution. Successful strategy is in its successful execution.
Microsoft has not capitalized on all different opportunities that are available to grow.
- Empire building can be seen - Microsoft tends to throw money at problems instead of holding people accountable, too many people take their jobs for granted and don't bring in their A game to work (great place if you are hardworking, detail-oriented and humble - easy to rise among peers)
tow many internal fight, unfair yearly review process in black box
Big company may get lost
More difficult for women as you become more senior, slow to react to market, hubris
political, re-org too often, not enough great people manager
Antiquated and broken software development environment.
Easy to become complacent, old-timer thrive on office politics
Makes you too comfortable. So fight hard for your career.
Managers were varied in comparison to other companies.
Work and Family life balance
This company is the greatest I know many many companies but this is the best Trust me its awesome Microsoft is life  its awesome
Inter-team work still could improve (working with some teams can feel like a fight, but most teams are good), minimal training/onboarding for new hires
Frequent reorganizations make long-term projects difficult.
Politics, Slow to respond to change
Due to the massive company that it is... communication isn't always the best
Diversity is encouraged but sometimes not exercised.
You won't be gaining experience you would get elsewhere
Unfortunately, I was part of the Nokia acquisition that resulted in the closing of our R&D site. It's so big that processes and procedures were lacking. Lots of red tape. Poor severance communication policies.
Large company Cross-group collaboration can be tricky
- Big set of products and services across the gamut of IT makes it challenging to coordinate and align activities  - Legacy products and customers can be a drag on competing against companies born in the cloud
Large Corp environment (not for everybody). Not all technologies are fun :)
Lack of cross team collaborations
Process Driven Management sometimes take too long to make decisions
Wish more internal roles could be had from outside Redmond area
The company is very process heavy, and sometimes gets in its own way. Need to listen to customer more, and need to acknowledge that not all solutions are Microsoft Solutions.
Culture is toxic, especially around annual reviews, lacks dedication in diversity/inclusion, culture promotes 'old-boy' mindset
Too many reorgs. Live with a constant fear of layoffs even if high performer. A lot of really bad people managers
- Your fate is decided by your manager. If he/she doesn't like you, you can stay int he same level for several years and never get promoted because they need people who can do the less glorious work too  - Bing Ads in the bay area has some of the worst people managers. They cannot stomach critical constructive feedback. Have witnessed several of my outspoken colleagues forced out of the team.  - There is occasional evidence of racial bias in hiring and promotions. Take a look at the names of people in some of the teams, you'll clearly see this. I've been on interview panel where despite having strong hires for a person of not the same ethnic background, they were not hired. The hiring decisions are not transparent to the interview panel. It is entirely in the hands of the hiring manager.
Stay away from Windows Devices and groups.. its all about politics
too much red tape around things, takes a long time to move on somethings
It can feel bureaucratic (read: slow) at times. Not much different than any other large tech company.
Some of the focus on individual growth has lessened in the last few years. Managers with span of control of 15-20 are not uncommon, at that point it's impossible to provide good career guidance. Growth tools like mylearning and mentor have gotten scaled back to the nub. Instead of in-person classes taught by Wintellect we're now told to use the company-wide Pluralsight subscription for self-learning -- not the same thing at all.
Poor middle & upper management.
A little bit under staffed, but people move around at will and are encouraged to do so. I don't mind in the least since I love my work.
Bureaucracy slows decision making and execution Poor collaboration between groups Career stagnation if you aren't careful
Long commute time, often required long hours
It's still a very "who you know" environment when it comes to advancement. It still isn't a place where you can stay in one role for any extended period of time. You're expected to move up the chain, or you're likely to get moved out. Opportunities are more scarce the higher up you go, and you're not likely to land one of those opportunities unless you know the right people. Don't expect to move too far up the chain unless you're willing to move to the Seattle area, where everything is excruciatingly overpriced and, not surprisingly, staggeringly liberal. You're expected to make an impact, but it's difficult to get anything done because of outdated tools/systems combined with tons of red tape and equal numbers of managers and PM's competing for a slice of the spotlight.
Constant layoffs - more than in previous years, lack of clear strategy, unwillingness to commit to investing in automation of manual processes, chasing the next shiny thing rather than sticking to a strategy, used to be a place where you could grow your career now it's a place you are fighting just to hold on to your job. Work-life balance is poor.
There were no such things as cons.
Upper management is too slow to react to product changes. The teams I worked with only use in-house software that is clearly inferior to other offerings My work quickly turned tedious and after suggesting automation most of my ideas were stifled.
Constant re-orgs. Very tough to continue the momentum or even get further groundswell. Once you think that there is traction, the company or team does another reorg and priorities are shifted, responsibilities changed and you start all over again. The challenge with that is now what you did before no longer exists.
You may be stuck in retail forever
In my position, travel requirements are increasing dramatically
Just average industry compensation. Implicit stack ranking leftover from old management. Too many middle managers and politics. Still stuck internally using mostly proprietary tools and technologies instead of industry standards and open source.
Hard to advance career without playing corporate game.
Your mileage may vary in the company depending on which group/team you work on. There are some god awful teams like the new restructured Windows team where the politics and layers of incompetent management will drive you insane.
job security, too competitive, too much workload
Very high level of politics, strategy unclear and fuzzy, strategy always changing
- In some departments, a constant 50-60 hours/week with no extra compensation is silently expected on top of strict core hours. Only want to work 40 hours/week? Expect to fall behind and be replaced by someone willing to do 50-60. - Want to take a vacation? Good luck finding someone to cover your work. During a 40 hour period, I had to do 60 hours week before and 60 hours week after a 1-week vacation to stay caught up, and still had to use my vacation days. Can't trade OT for time off. - Depending on manager, feedback on performance may be good (early, actionable) or bad (too late, in-actionable). - Mid-to-upper management is all about coming up with fancy-sounding ideas and initiatives full of buzzwords that everyone else is forced to follow, but in reality these "initiatives" tend to be poorly thought-out, huge time wasters, and are obviously only there to pad management's commitments so they get good reviews and bonuses - Lots of office politics. In many cases, advancement/bonuses/etc. are all about "looking good" to the right people, not actually being good at your job - Constantly pushing good ICs to become mediocre managers instead of letting them become *great* ICs. This results in ICs that are great at knowing one tech / area / etc. being forced to own multiple areas at a much lower level of fluency and be less effective. - Microsoft as a whole feels relatively clueless about making new products that customers actually want. Windows Phone is just one example of how Microsoft can totally shoot themselves in the foot, Skype hasn't had a major update in years and is losing ground to fast-moving newcomers, etc. Depending on what you work on, there's a chance that it simply won't matter or exist in the next few years, which is frustrating.
Work/Life Balance, Utilization, Daily labor logging
Too many re-orgs, a little bureaucratic.
none that I can think of
Career advancement possibilities and learning environments
No free food but this is minor
None . It's a great company to work for
yeah it was cool my guy
Way too competitive, not a good for collaboration
Low salary and overall compensation
Very difficult to grow career if not willing to relocate to Redmond, WA or another Operations Center
Politics get you ahead so be prepared to play the game. Great work isn't good enough. Diversity is talked about but the reality is that it's not fully embraced.
You need to focus on your job growth
If you are passionate, you will be crushed
Ok, the challenges of working there is to make sure u do everything on its way...
Induction of top down policies is lengthy.
Lots of work that causes a lot of stress
Changing goals make it hard to gain traction and remain motivated.
Very revenue and profit focused Pay and benefits a cut lower then top 5 tech companies
Long hours, at times the rapidly changing strategy means too many re-organizations and thus too many managers. Can be a cut throat environment. Culture has not really evolved to be a fail fast with failure forgiven for stretch assignments.
legacy employees who are comfortable and not innovative, no culture, products follow competitors, few innovations coming out of the company
Microsoft is a 10 ton behemoth with who knows how many teams, products, and organizations. It's unreasonable to believe you can be satisfied with your job just anywhere. Enjoyment of your job is highly dependent on what team you're on and the specific things you're responsible for. Some organizations are bound to aging tools, codebases, and other technical debt issues that can make work stressful and uninteresting. On the other end, there are teams building bleeding edge tools and services that you can nerd out forever on.
Giant workplace with the expected red tape/convoluted work flow. Depending on team and role, not a lot of opportunity for broad spectrum creativity as a designer.
Very small office with limited career growth opportunities
Work Life Balance can sometimes be a challenge (not too crazy like Amazon) but you have to really manage your own boundaries otherwise it will consume you Can be a bit difficult to navigate and know who is who in order to get stuff done- highly matrixed Political in some groups meaning who likes who, who has a good rep and using that to their advantage otherwise if you don't play that game you are left in the dust Pay is fine but not as strong as it should be For our org specifically, we do not really reward people for the work they really produce or make impact on (there are still some pockets of the old ways in HR).
Dismisses software validation as a high importance. Got rid of their testing org. Upper management does not have a clue what the ICs are doing.
Middle Management, Poor Leadership A lack of Inclusion Lack of Training and Development Resource Management A Lack of Structure
The company focuses too much on building new things rather than improving and promoting the awesome stuff they built last time.
Everything is urgent. Round the clock e-mails. Lots of cancelled projects.
Commute is tough, driving from the west side of town is very challenging.
Hard to move up Service industry
High corporate strategy fluctuation. ex: Nokia purchase. Hopefully, it stabilizes under new CEO. Work-life balance may be hampered based on tight delivery schedules. Like all companies, your experience will vary based on the group and manager.
Bureaucracy, nasty politics that create fiefdoms
no commission structure, I brought ridiculous amount of revenue to the store but there was never commission i worked full time hours for the most part but there was never an opportunity to go full time
There are no cons that I can think of in 10 seconds. Not for me atleast.
At times too slow moving with all of the bureaucracy
sitting in chair for so long
it's still low wage, retail customers are occasionally terrible.
Different experiences in different orgs (lack of consistency for manager expectations, rewards, etc ...)
Still some cronyism, opportunities outside of engineering are decreasing.
ambiguous work environment and constant reoganizations are an impact to morale
May seem random at times
was a vendor things will change
Not much on campus training options available
The company microsoft is too bureacatic
Nothing really, what do you want me to say
Bureaucracy can be overwhelming at times
Typical Work/Life Balance Challenges in Account Exec role
stressful, no accountability, poor management
Big company - hence takes time to make changes.
there isn't much room for you to move up
Execute team really needs to figure things out. Disjointed company goals
Nothing i know of to mention
big company, slow progress and not many female leaders
Definitely some old monolithic technologies that have the affect of causing teams/orgs to move slowly Engineering is still a bit old in its mindset. Often resistant to changes and innovation. This is very much team dependent, though. There are lots of teams that are very open to change and moving more quickly
Projects are not interesting enough. Lacking motivation to work harder.
Low compensation compared to Google, Facebook etc.
1) Little access to sunlight and windows 2) Many projects don't get pursued until they are well established by another company. Makes it hard to do groundbreaking work. 3) Salaries don't measure up to the quickly increasing housing prices in Seattle.
- Long history of internal competition amongst different product groups - Politics at all levels - Executives tend to be very political and overly focused on bottom line - Work / life balance can be poor depending on the culture of the group you're in - Painfully bureaucratic at times - Egos get in the way, particularly at executive level - Internal tools are frequently horrible
Changes happen quickly so there is often a concern about your group/job staying around. Finding the right role is key to being successful and having a long career here
Career paths can seem limited.
political, review process is improved but still stressful
Microsoft is a large company with many departments. Sometimes things are lost in translation.
Lots of unnecessary processes in the company and politics
Sluggish management, silo'd decision making, and random goal assignment (based on the latest cause du jour) make working at the company schizophrenic. Navigating the system(s) and learning the "Microsoft way" takes WAY too much time.
Like any corporate job, things move slowly. Middle-management can be hit-or-miss, and sometimes the company's strategy isn't the best
Entitlement mentality, culture moving slower than we'd like, still lots of change to work through
Work Environment is too competitive
Cafe food Traffic is worst in rush hours
hard for the company to be agile. They lack a credible mobile platform which hurts across our products.  They love open space, I hate it.
MS is still an old-fashioned company, albeit evolving over time. Depending on the kind of manager you get, your work life can vary accordingly. Most managers still like to think like the Windows 98 days (As if everything is a boxed product).
Some old-school types with old-school thinking hanging on but they are getting less and less airtime.
Level ratings is Microsofts "Glass Ceiling". Constent re-orgs presented as a way to better realine and transform but the reality is the cost of constent reorgs cost the business more money than a poor org. Instead spend time walking your talk and holding managers accountable for doing the same
None that I can think of.
Work-life balance. Asymmetrical valuation of teams with mostly women vs mostly men.
Your manager will cheat you out of your bonus and keep for himself and his sycophants
Lack of opportunities related to mobile.
team evaluation is very harsh for bottom performer.
high pressure, bureaucracy, time to get things done can be daunting,
> Management is a bit aggressive in terms of productivity
high pressure, bureaucracy, time to get things done can be daunting,
> Management is a bit aggressive in terms of productivity
Endless meetings, more politics than technology. Too many people focus on cashing in rather than building something lasting.
Be aware that there is no preference for internal hires before external hires. You are always competing against someone else! Often times it is who you know, not what you know. You are always on guard for the "next layoff".
- Bloated middle management can sometimes prevent great work from being done. - Cross-organizational communication and collaboration aren't as good as it could be.
Can sometime feel like more bureaucracy.
-A lot of standing - Long shifts
Big company. Highly depends on team and projects.
Some people don't like the long cloudy season in Redmond WA. Easy to feel the need to climb a ranking system for various reasons (pay, clout)
Really good at playing catch up means making some big mistakes in the first place.
Company is not as strong in consumer space as commercial
I end up reporting to very bad manager that surprisingly does not represent MS values and ruined the work experience, make sure you meet your manager and you are comfortable with him/her.
Can't think of any. Other than the hours (retail hours), everything is great!
level up a little bit slow
Lot of beauracracy. Things ate too slow sometimes to external change although once Satya came this is no longer the case.
Big company. Highly depends on team and projects.
Demanding weekend schedules. Management all over the place
Need to continue the focus on diverse hiring and pay equity.
large company, bureaucracy in many groups
Takes a long time to get anything done
I feel that review system is sometimes more or less solely dependent on the manager feedback - there is on really accounting into as what your peers think about you a contributing member of the team. Peer reviews are sort of just formality and ultimately Manager decides everything.
1. Politics 2. re-org 3. Company is too big for an individual to make significant impact
A lot of middle management
-Lack of true innovation -Customer focus is a joke (particularly for consumer products) -Endless layers of bureaucracy -You'll spend >80% of your time in meetings -Data and analytics capabilities are shockingly poor for such a large tech company
Pre-OneCore fragmentation of tools continues to haunt the company (the impact somewhat depends on the org you're in and what you work on). The switch to becoming more data driven has been a painful slog and will take some time yet.  Microsoft is many things, but it is not agile - also it's culture is not as fun as it can be. Corporate morale events tend to be pretty lame.
Management, slackers, politics, pm team, hard to level under bad managers.
People working could be more passionate, easy to become complacent
Clunky internal tools, lack of early communication/coordination on large internal events
Depends on your manager, company is not as innovative as it could be, beaurocratic
don't be too internally focused
Entrepreneurial thinking wasn't encouraged and was often blocked by people defending turf. Promotions and reviews depended on the personal influence of people above you to win the calibration wars.
No Work Life Balance, no training
Politics and priority setting hinders IC performance
Need to value all employees equally
Most efficient system for getting smart people to make bad decisions. Decisions are really randomly made. The only right answer to a question is to pick the most complicated technical solution. There is too much focus too much on trying to copy other companies instead of being the best "Microsoft".
Too much politic in side
Some managers get too caught up in politics and focus on making themselves look good instead of doing the right thing for the employee.
Claim that there is good work-life balance, not necessarily true. Bad manager can ruin the experience there. Always chasing a moving target.
Seattle Area (the gloomy ness) Stack Ranking (which still exists in 2017, they just call it something else) Toxic Work environment for some teams (very hit or miss)
leadership, competition, promotion, vendors treatment, cafeteria
Long meetings during meeting times
Big company. You work in a narrowly focused area, as is the case with all big companies. It feels like things move slowly sometimes.
salary is low, culture can improve
Some really difficult personalities to deal with. And, depending on the team there can be a lot of office politics.
Microsoft is a big company. You can find almost everything developed internal.. If stay too long there, you may find yourself kind of being separated from the rest of industry.
Big company politics, slow in reaction
Evaluation system is still based on force-ranking despite what HR says. Can be difficult to know where you stand if your boss is happy but your value is still not understood. Sr management is lost in a continuing cul-de-sac of emotional decision making and new initiatives suffer from lack of true commitment of resources.
I have not worked long enough to have any Cons.
slow, sometimes political, sometimes territory protection
Long hours are expected of everyone
Too political Bad middle management - a lot of managers who think they are Steve Jobs and ignore the day to day to try and get a big win to get promoted
Slow growth in retail Limited retail positions Frustrating retail oriented technology
Pay struct and comp can be better but nothing too bad to complain about. I have nothing much to add here
Microsoft still has not caught up with other tech giants in the consumer market
IT department could be better
Work life balance can be challenging at times
Some teams may have some politics.
Very competitive environment so can be difficult to find the right work life balance
Lots of legacy code which isn't interesting to work on.
They want nothing but ambitious leaders. Being a solid performer is not enough. The longer you're there, the bigger the bulls eye is on your back. Every year, they get rid of the "bottom 5%" of the employees, no matter how well they perform. It's a bad model. Also, training has become almost non-existent, so most of the time you're on your own to train yourself, on top of all of the many other demands on your time. It's a very high stress environment.
They want nothing but ambitious leaders. Being a solid performer is not enough. The longer you're there, the bigger the bulls eye is on your back. Every year, they get rid of the "bottom 5%" of the employees, no matter how well they perform. It's a bad model. Also, training has become almost non-existent, so most of the time you're on your own to train yourself, on top of all of the many other demands on your time. It's a very high stress environment.
Middle management is really, really bad. We don't hire industry leaders, we hire friends of friends, who are competent in the fields they come from, but in the fields they are being hired into. It's quite discouraging for those that have been there with the company for a couple of years.
your success and happiness really is tied to who your manager is and what group you are in. each group at microsoft has its own culture and politics.
Work life balance is inconsistant
Needs to improve on innovation
There is too much management and it is top down management. It is a constant energy suck to prove your value, why you are necessary to your job. The need to do your day job at night is constant. There are so many meetings and so much political games that morale is low. If you are not a buddy with LT, you get a lot of crap thrown over the fence to you and I constantly fight to maintain my job ownership.  People get promoted for very little (even being gone on parental leave for 6 months of the year!) and folks get promised a promo and don't get one. And I cannot say enough to paint the appropriate picture of the review process here. It is abysmal. It takes hours to write and usually happens after your rewards for the year is already set. And your rewards are not based on what you accomplished. It is people's perspective of the value. I have had a manager tell me I have not delivered anything in a year because my skip level doesn't see anything I deliver and isn't aware of its impact. Yet my job is to keep things running smoothly so they don't receive any escalations. Again, it isn't what you do in your job, it is what you did in addition to your job and how loud you showcase it.  While there are opportunities here, it is extremely time consuming to transition somewhere else. If, stress the IF, you get an informational to discuss the job opening, it is even rarer that you get selected for the interview loop. There is a common saying here, it is easier to leave Microsoft and come back then it is to transfer internally.  While it is also a Pro, the benefits at MS are not what they used to be. Pay is similar now to lots of companies. And a lot of the pay is rolled up in your annual review, which includes a bonus and stock. the bonus is below average and the stock only vests 1/5 a year. So while your stock is part of your 'raise' you don't get any until 6 months to a year later. And if you leave MS, you lose it. So it is really a Con. Healthcare is good but no longer free. Employees have to pay out of pocket now based on HSAs and are taxed on employer paid portions. It is viewed as a cost containment not a benefit anymore. I hear from old colleagues they get better pay and benefits when leaving MS. They felt undervalued here and when they leave they receive large bumps in pay and equivalent levels.  Overall, lots of companies compare with MS now whereas MS used to distinguish themselves with better than anyone benefits.
-Constant organization restructuring, -gradually changing to open space instead of having your own office, -no free food, -those soda drinks should be replaced with more healthy ones
Org is quite unstable at the moment. A big reorg was announced in January, and there are rumors a new one will hit the company in July. Big focus on optimizing resources and reducing senior roles is good for the company profitability, but reduces career opportunities once you reach director level.
compensation progression is slow.
Hard to get a work-life balance working in a front-line role
Company size can make small changes very complex and time-consuming to implement effectively - you need great skills in navigating across a large corporation to get things done.
Work-life balance is poor, there is not a way to get a set schedule unless working part time. Working hours aren't set and fluctuate from 7 AM to 11 PM.
rely too much on scorecards culture has moved away from caring about the people
High turn around and managers have favorites
slow paced, managers are not customer obsessed, too many reorgs within the company
slow, complex, too many team dependency
Not really a con but always remember it is a business and you must look out for your own career as no one will do it for you at the company.
Work life balance wasn't great
At times the atmosphere is too political.
Extremely negative environment with common backstabbing and misrepresentation. Stack ranking is more hidden, but still drives evaluations where success is not so much based on good software, but on image management and popularity. There's too much fear and really not much far reaching innovation.
Very platform oriented thinking. Focus on end to end products is missing.
Overly competitive internal corporate environment
I'm in one of the dinosaur teams where everything moves slowly. Innovation does happen but not quick enough, and there is a lot of maintanence work.
Big company processes, keep it simple, sorted out expenses claims it slows us down
Don't expect to have the impact you hope for when you show up. Everyone is worn down and jaded and all your big ideas have already been pitched and shot down a hundred times. They're going to continue doing things that seem crazy and you probably won't stop it. Better to go with the flow than be a troublemaker.  They will say the stack rank system is gone but there are x dollars for x people and the top 10% are going to get most of it.
I hate the placement process for MBAs. They do not consider career goals and just place you where they need a head
The drive towards new technologies within changing markets and paradigms demands unrelenting focus and bold change, which drives candidates who can function with a high degree of autonomy within a framework of ambiguity.
While they can allow remote work, many divisions will not hire someone to work remote, therefore limiting options for remote work.
Evaluations, grade on the curve performance evaluations. Too much negativity during 1:1’s. It was a "tear you down" tactic.
Store management the worse I have ever seen. Selfish, childish, and self destructive.
Bad decisions from management. Sometimes dealing with sub par products/issues that should have been addressed prior to launch.
Work Life balance, work pressure,
growing businesses have lower margins
Nothing interesting found so far.
Pay is lower than other top tier companies. Some technologies used are relatively old.
engineering lead project management some teams are like startup lack of big picture
Bad rating system and poor re-orginizations between technology groups
Focus on performance development is up the ladder or out. Cannot maintain focus on a specific position for an extended time.
Stressful environment Expectations are to be online and available 24/7
I have nothing bad to say
"Always On" mentality-you could work around the clock and still not get everything finished A big company with lots of bureaucracy means there will be complexities and redundancies that slow things down
Never feel I learned enough.
Non Commission based. Promotions are few and far in between. hard to get recognized based on performance. Hours are hard to come by at part time 25 average a week. Lower starting pay
1. Continuous churn. People more concerned with keeping their job then doing great work to improve the company 2. Teams that need to work together have competing goals and objectives.
Typical low-light as a large corporations: job responsibility is well defined but narrow, lots of internal processes to deal with and so on.
Worldwide corporate which still has its structures and procedures. It's definitely in a transition but still that takes time.
Salary and compensation is behind with major competitors, such as Google, Facebook, as well as Amazon in town. Too much politics sometimes.
It's a huge company and decisions can be made at very slow pace. Also it's political.
slow to react to opportunities, slow development practices, infighting
Liars, immature, and everyone was dating everyone.
Tough to make big changes quickly in such a large company.
Bad Politics and bad peer relationships
Some silos if you're not in the core divisions (OS/Office).
Management is not hat good
Politics can get in the way as you move up the chain, many layers of approvals for decision making
Local branches in europe are, essentialy, sales organization: short sighted, they are not interested in providing business value to the customer. Their only objective is to sell everthing as fast as possible (typically for yesterday).
I only have good things to say about this company
You need to be skilled at big company structure and politics, large percentage of "human bots" who have had their passions crushed and now go on auto-pilot, often very small scope of ownership and autonomy, slow to change
Lots of bureaucracy, politics and competition among the teams.
long hours and not focus on product
Abundant age discrimination happening across the board lately. They are working out long term employees and that is creating a talent gap - Sooo many are leaving for AWS it's CRAZY!!!
The silos of management and fiefdoms made it hard to get work done. Every decision had to be vetted 4 to 5 times with more and more data presented before a manager would make a decision.
- Sometimes need to deal with politics
Speaking from a sales perspective, Microsoft has a terrible culture of political maneuvering and backstabbing. The managers are very low on integrity and will throw any of their people under the bus to put a dime in their pocket or not hold accountability. But as soon as a big deal lands everyone wants to take credit, if something falls through fingers are pointed. There is also a clique of managers that are "good ol boys". If you don't fit their profile and you're not in the circle, they don't do anything for you.
Slow to shift, underpaid compared to competition
The processes are cumbersome like most larger organizations. Regardless of how well you do in Sales, you always have a target on your back. All this talk of protecting jobs especially with the visas and the uptick in the stock price - yet they still lay off thousands of jobs in FY17.
leftover bureaucratic thinking from the 90s
As many big corps MS has too many layers of management, which makes execution of project less effective some times.
Little ability to choose the team that you end up on when you start
Quotas are unattainable, Numbers driven culture,
There are a couple bad apples but as long as you do your job, you shouldn't be affected.
Things can get a little hectic when deadlines get closer, but that's to be expected.
Too much politic things, make work effectiveness really down. Cannot focus on work unless you have a good manager. too many re-org.
High expectations of what a manageable work load actually is. There is no such thing as a 40 hour week at MSFT. If you want to stay employed and even get ahead, you need to work very hard - doing your day to day job well is not good enough. Company is also slow to move and many times gets in its own way or progress and moving deals forward.
true performance performance review and not just another to do iteam.
I would recommend some due diligence before selecting a team in Microsoft. It's good to pick a team which meets what you are look for.
If you get a bad manager, your life can be miserable
Lots of sales pressure. Training resources need improvement. Dont have much to say beyond that. Im happy... for what it worth.
limited career growth, bad traffic around workplace, no free food
can be placed into not so good project. Indian customers are tough to deal with
Huge differences between teams Rewards / Career progression aren't clear PM focused environment User research has some limited impact into products
Stone age way of doing everything, seems like there always 10 steps to get 1 thing done, microsoft retail is pretty young so they are WAY behind apple retail in every single aspect!!! I have worked for both apple and microsoft and apple is head and shoulders above microsoft as far as the smoothness of daily operation goes
Sharing work between teams is often a struggle, lots of duplication of effort.
Pushed to meet sales quotas. Job itself is retail so you're dealing with every day customers. Job itself is repetitive and the small store makes you feel trapped.
Too much politics, poor leadership and bad hiring decisions
Restless, and lack of resources. Once in a while, there were big re-org, which you sometimes needed to see skillful and talented people had to go. It was really hard to see. Anything can be happening once the top level management people change their directions.
It will always come down to who on top likes you no matter how hard you work some of the most incompetent people can get good positions with the right connections to Leadership or corporate  They are still knew to retail so a lots of there processes are unbearably slow and tend to shut down almost all the time  Many Job positions are learn as you work no real rule book or structure on how to move to the next position or even how to work within your position it is what YOU make of it or what your leadership makes of it you might end up doing more work than you should in a position for, if you're lucky recognition that may or may not lead to a better position or a raise
They say Microsoft will take all you can give and they aren't lying. Long work weeks are expected for a lot of roles, so expect to work over 40 hours in most positions. Being a large company, some changes can also take a long time due to having to go through a chain of managers. Finally, changing to different roles inside the company isn't always as easy as it looks, so be sure to pick a job that you won't mind doing for a while.
Needs to catch up with the competition
Lots of duplication in roles/ disagreements between execs and priorities.
Things change quite often, so you don't really know what you'll be working on in a year. Helping others is not really valued much . The accomplishments would be credited to who has been assigned to accomplish it, and even if you have done 90% of that work as part of helping them, you most probably won't get any credits for that.
stale technology, not too much time spent on actual coding
The cons totally depend on your team because overall benefits are very good, so take every Microsoft review recognizing that the micro things, like specific colleague or manager interactions, will almost certainly be different for you. My product was a juggernaut, which meant it was hard to change or improve the product with such an established market position. As a result, I found myself working on problems that felt too inconsequential or too small so I wasn't learning enough out of college.
lot of office politics to deal
Leadership is a mess. Very political. Full of favoritism. Retail is a mess. Disorganized. Still running their business like they are new to to game. Horrible POS. Used to be about their people, now just about money.
a lack of meaningful work life balance.
Often work with offshore team which required tremendous patience and repeatative communication to work with. If the offshore team is not capable, your performance will suck too.
limited personal growth potential for future
Not applicable at this moment
Boring and not challenged, very diversity oriented
Boring and not challenged, very diversity oriented
Full time only. Work life balance can be challenging.
Watch out for highly unqualified or even unethical managers, vet at least 2 tiers up before you commit. Then be sure to meet peers and other managers you'll be engaging with before you sign on!
Working environment is highly dependent on Manager and group
-Favoritism -Full timers are often lazy -No clear path for development
Work a lot, high stress but rewarding.
Very poor onboarding and many mediocre field managers. The managers are unskilled at dealing with employees, are unprincipled and show a disregard for their direct reports.
The review system needs to continue to evolve to foster more creative thinking.
Unless you are in the core locations, it is easy to feel disconnected from the direction of the company.
I have nothing negative to say.
I don't really have anything to say for the downside.
Huge organization (getting visibility needs more effort), matrixed structure (decision making can take time), heavy middle management
- Typical large company politics - sometimes depends on your manager who sets the culture within the group
Big company with sometimes excessive processes and procedures. Very oriented to employees based in Redmond. Historical culture can sometimes still be a hindrance despite the change of management with Satya.
This depends on your team
stack ranking was terrible, very stressful
Top heavy. Lots of overhead. Managers are not properly trained to motivate team and have huge egos. Kills desire to do great work as you re mostly required to follow orders and agree to survive and not think independently
Large bureaucracies with few correct decision makers. Career movement more difficult than expected at director level+, screwed up promotion policy.
Incredibly HQ-centric. If you aren't in Redmond 3 out of 4 weeks every month, don't bother. You will be left out of major decisions, disempowered and eventually forgotten.
Few helping hands to help a new person up the curve. Frequent org changes make networking a full time job.
A lot of red tape and bureaucracy. Unnecessarily complex processes to get anything done.
Performance measurement model, work-life balance
very competitive and many many rules and processes
Politics Culture disconnect Work/life balance
Work life balance very challenging.
There was very little room for growth for me (I was in a business administration role, which is very difficult to transition out of.)
It can be a hard and very long process to get promoted. Typically people seem to have to leave Microsoft and join Amazon etc. to get promoted, then some come back to Microsoft at a higher level.
Individual contributions not valued Only certain divisions and groups are given perks and recognition Bullpen style office configurations are NOT conducive to productivity Compensation is only relative to other companies not better Executive management does not seem to have a coherent plan for the future We are losing ground in an industry that the founders helped to invent
Multiple big projects for annual meetings take family time away.
can be somewhat bureaucratic
Slow career advancement prospects, via twice annual company wide review windows.
Getting a promotion can be cutthroat
Process and organization boundary impacts innovation
High turnover, growing pains stemming from traditional on-premise software company to SaaS provider
None, really. I really liked my team.
little career growth. Annual merit very low
Restrictions. Research is not par as compare to Google.inc
Work, while the reason for being here, can become the only thing you ever do. I dream about cases sometimes. The fun needs to come back. Microsoft, in its maturity, has forgotten that there can be a balance.
Heavy-weight processes / middle-management. Lack of agility, wasteful in terms of engineering resources. Some organizational culture that encourages staff to be passive-aggressive. Some decisions are made by politics instead of data-driven. Career growth may be limited depending on team / project. Work-life balance takes back seat in organizations that build and support online services.
Slow at times, some product leaders are very narrow-minded
None so far. Its a very large company so different orgs behave different
Beware of the review process, stack ranking still exists in a modified form and it drives all kinds of had behaviors. People are concerned with making an impact and they will hoard information and step on each other to make it happen.
Sometimes the hours can be long
Lower compensation than other large tech companies. The signing bonuses and overall stock compensation I'm other companies is a lot better than at Microsoft.
You are very locked in by what manager you have. Plus, it's hard not to feel like a very small cog in a very large machine.
Inertia and internal cross team dependencies/priorities slow things down
It's retail. Customers can be nasty. Different schedule every week.
On the wrong team you can slog through the most boring legacy systems imaginable.
Actually finding that work-life balance can be very hard to do. Your performance review can be negatively affected by things out of your control, if you're assigned a dud of a project or you have other team members that out perform you. Especially difficult in a team of vastly more experienced engineers.
Work-Life balance can not be achieved. It was great when I didn't have children but very difficult afterwards.
Very political and competition with colleagues is fierce
Location in the 'burbs sucks.
Hard area of growth, work full time hours but paid part time.
No large presence in downtown Seattle. Political red tape can sometimes get in the way of business. Probably no different than any other large company.
ONE Microsoft policy still needs to be embraced.
It's Microsoft, so there's that
Scrapping projects later in the product cycle, rather than earlier.
perf review system sucks. Politics sucks. Reorg too often.
Its hard to move up within the company because they like to hire outside of the company
Very hierarchical and advances the myth of the IC as being as valuable as managers. Simply not true.
Not optimized for growth. Too much focus on visibility and not on impact. Behaviors are rewarded as much or more as results.
Entering a 5 word minimum
Not the best management practices.
Massive politics - it's no longer about the work, it's about how you're seen by others. Not to mention pleasing higher-ups who get the idea they need to check the "social media" box and start handing out ludicrous busywork just to check that box. Then the strategy changes. Microsoft: Never again.
You need to push others down to go up.
current rating system enables nepotism a lot of stuff still depends on ancient infrastructure/tooling long term compensation
HR is not there for you it is there for your manager, old review system was horrible
different parts of company not necessarily in sync. very political culture. its important to suck up to management to succeed. also don't forget to watch your back.
Drawbacks are similar at most big companies, however its not a work you to the bone atmosphere like others.
Legacy code challenges, decision-making sometimes slow, lack of industry mindshare
- Stop hiring MBS fresh out of college or business team to make them create PPT 40hrs/week.
lot of work. stressful life.
strong workplace politics, they will push part-time schedules as close to full-time as they can (think 38 hour work weeks), lots of drama
compensation less than other companies
Can become more agile and nimble
the development pace is too slow
Intra-company competition for similar products
My specific role is difficult in that the Denver EPG culture is terrible.
Leadership is completely incompetent in services. They are changing constantly, creating havoc, and appear completely deaf to the issues they create. Their internal Poll system that measures happiness seems potentially fake, as the results continue to be way higher than the sentiment. If you see Services in the job title or management chain, get far, far away. Anand has ruined the organization and continues to drive it into the ground.  Benefits shrink almost every year, and things as simple as getting a new pc now takes 3 years. They only follow, never lead, and love process and policy, I mean love it. Whoever mentioned it's only a great place for lawyers is dead on.
HR policy was strict enforcement of bell curve that created a back stabbing, zero sum, highly political work culture. In many cases the managers and the employees fell into the same bell curve and hence, managers wanted his own team members to fail and take all the credit so that during the review, the manager looked good
Minimum 20 hours a week, hard working with school schedule.
Too many meetings and not enough time to complete job. Reviews were (may have changed) completed based on your performance compared to your peers. So there is always an unhealthy competitive edge on the team.
Still an engineering driven culture... but getting better.
- As a multi disciplinary designer I feel there is already a high expectation as far as your contributions, but the obsession with growth mindset and unicorns in unrealistic and not a sustainable practice when it comes to nurturing and supporting employees.
Highly political Most decissions are Microsoft based not market based A lot of people have just forgotten what is a real job and basically work to keep their role
Demanding and competitive work environment
It's big organization. Startups can often times move faster but won't have the resources of a giant like Microsoft. Any problem Microsoft tackles has to be a big one in order for it to move the needle.
not recommended for young people who wants to do something epic
None Not much I can talk about
Its big. Sometimes very hard to be seen. Lot of favoritism and political in fighting. Several products really suck. Can't believe they get shipped
A fair amount of political infighting. A somewhat stupid/ridiculous performance review process (which matters since it affects compensation). You're part of a vast slow moving machine - not nimble
- As company is changing from annual agreements to subscription revenue, field is in turmoil - Some field locations are seeing massive turnover (>50%) - Compensation plans uncertain/changing for field roles as management tries to understand how to adjust comp models to new sales models. - Pockets of low morale
Political due to review process
large organization with pockets which are not efficient
can be very political in certain positions
Chance of non interesting project
Still tension between enterprise focus and consumer focus for businesses. The culture does not deal comfortably with substantial ambiguity. Lack of prioritization and randomization occurs too frequently, impacting productivity and resulting in missed milestones. The company is still working to establish a culture of trust in some orgs.
Still a bit political but getting better.
The politics are absolutely horrendous. People are extremely aggressive, will stab you in the back, behave like a "mean girls" club (both men and women), and you really can't trust anyone. There's a new vs old culture dynamic and it's an extremely cut throat environment where people feel the need to prove how they are better than you. Everyone is a generalist but believe they are smarter than anyone who actually has the depth of expertise. Microsoft is a place where you want to love it but it's an ugly culture with ugly work behaviors.
healthcare is no longer best in class
Very tedious. Was comparing the SDETs converted to SEs with SDEs the first year itself and the company's policy to wipe out SDETs even if you are sustaining as a developer. Eventually everyone who was a SDET once in their life were fired or laid off.
Management is hit or miss. If you get placed on a team that is managed well you have endless opportunities. If management is not strong, you will be lost among the many other employees.
Heavy political atmosphere, bias appears to exist against individuals NOT based in Redmond.
lack of urgency/agility, too cushion
Some teams develop features, some just put out fires
Its a big ship that takes a long time to turn, so many of the old mindsets are still highly prevalent in the organization. The key ones are: 1) Arrogance: Yes, there are bright people here, but sadly people tend to believe their own press too much. 2) Lack of customer centricity: Linked to #1, people believe they know more than customer do. Frankly, customer is a concept on a ppt slide. Part of the problem is that all global roles are a) based in Redmond b) rarely leave Redmond c) not directly linked to the field where the work actually happens d) spend their time building playbooks and strategy videos NO ONE actually reads or cares about. 3) Linking words with action: the follow-through is non-existent. You sit in a meeting and the person will say, I will drive that and come back. They rarely do. Its such a large company and globally you are disconnected from the business in many groups so the accountability is not there. 4) Leadership gaps: Leaders tend to be very isolated, at the CVP and GM levels, you engage them through their business managers who filter information to them. Most leaders also are more focused on making partner than developing their teams, sadly. 5) You have to be in the Enterprise side, the consumer side is a trainwreck, led by people who have no clue what they are doing. Its also not a focus (outside of Office) for Satya. If you are a strong retail person, you will quickly see many serious challenges.  Satya is driving change and its the right change, but the challenge is that while he has replaced many of the Senior Leaders who didn't buy into his game plan, the next level of management (GM) is still firmly entrenched in the ways of the past so will take a long time to make Microsoft a customer-centric, people-focused, agile organization and by that time, the market will have already moved on.
Extremely political, takes aways from the good the company offers.
Large organization, speed, growth / challenge
Management seems to exhibit a lack of focus on what is important and politics prevent growth at times unfairly.
Poor Management in No California
Somewhat political, can be difficult to acclimate to corporate culture if you came from outside the tech belt.
Top management not always aligned, this leads to different teams competing on the same space and poor clarity in the objectives.
People are mean, unresponsive and generally out for themselves in every way.
None, other than not enough hours in the day supporting the job I love
Low pay for hourly workers
Too much bureaucracy at higher levels
non passionate middle management, still not a lot open source
Lack of product leadership esp. in the then server tools organization People with lack of technical chops running product management and marketing
pace is not fast enough.
Lack of strategic direction and clarity in my immediate team right now
Cut throat because the organization expects people to change roles every 2 to 3 years.
Crunch time still happens, quality control varies wildly, very little consistency in general. Corporate politics dominate the workplace and cannot be avoided if you want to climb the ladder, even on the engineering track.
More energy was spent making product improvements to help the back-end engineers than for the product and/or customer experience.
The traffic into work in Bellevue was the worst. Sometimes it would take 2 hours from Woodinville to Bellevue
Not that I can think of any
bureaucratic, political, outdated thinking
Institutional inertia, lots of elderly product lines that are hard to adapt to more agile methodologies.
still there is some favoritism left, its who you know rather than how you do your job.
Since the 2008 layoffs, which had nothing to do with performance, I receive no callbacks when submitting resumes for positions I am qualified for. Changes to the vendor policies have made it difficult to make a stable living at Microsoft. People don't feel as if their performance will increase their chance of keeping their job.
After Bill Gates (and then Steve Ballmer also) left, the new CEO doesn't seem to care much for the people as for the business. Many things have changed... in my opinion.... is sad.
It is a large company so sometimes you can get stuck for a little while. But if you are persistent enough opportunities will arise.
Some random patchwork type attitude to org structure Training for new hires (Management trainees) is not good (At least it wasnt when i was there)
large company, limited growth opptunities
Acquisition of Microsoft = loss of momentum and sense of team. There are lots of growing pains.
People managers, little to no guidance for career and professional development.
You can work any 24 hours you would like. It's a global company so depending on the department you work in you may need to take calls early morning or late evening to bridge the time gap.
Political environment, retail isn't taken seriously despite over qualifications
Extremely political and back-biting--do not trust anyone  Never met people so incredibly good at dodging and re-directing blame  Managers are barely around when needed, because they are always at a meeting discussing important initiatives and projects that affect you, but that you don't know about until something goes wrong, when it is somehow your fault  Very little effective communication and almost no training in Microsoft business structure or elements important to doing your job (This may have just been the team I was on)
Not a great place to grow unless you are at HQ Redmond, and even then, hyper hyper competitive and people steal/take credit from one another. Very poor cross-teaming culture.
- Poor communication - Small chance of advancement
No cons. This company is great!
Relentless pressure to produce, and pressure to move up, sometimes regardless of the value in doing so, or in the consequences of breaking continuity.
Difficult to find the "ladders." Difficult to find the "right person" when seeking info or help. Often asked to stretch beyond your personal core job priorities. Too many unfruitful meetings. Rampant favoritism and politics. Too much employee turn-over (advancement, RIF, job-switching, etc...)
I was on a terrible team at Microsoft. Terrible boss, terrible boss' boss. Male-dominant culture.
It's a very large company and you will have autonomy of a small part of it.
Your closest coworkers often turn out to secretly be your worst enemies - claiming credit for your work while bashing you to your manager behind your back. Can't trust anyone around you. Way too many people.
If you're passionate and talented, you might very likely be over used and over worked to the point of work out (my lead drove me out).
Usually a small work space for technicians to work in, although they provide all the tools you can need and more. Customer base varies from state demographic, etc.
There are many groups that function as "old Microsoft," and it's still cut throat. It all depends on your manager, that person's manager, and that person's manager. When you interview, ask about what each manager believes about the culture and how they contribute to the culture and working environment. Dig deep and talk to people outside your department about how other people view your potential group.  If it bothers you to work in a place where SOME people don't value the entire team's contributions, whether or not they're staff or vendors, then you may be bothered here.  You might work long hours and work doesn't stop coming.  Not all main campus buildings get the same care or offer the same facilities that the nicer buildings do.  Depending on your job, you may be stuck on campus, your closest cafeteria will be important. They use Sysco food if you care.  Microsoft may not look as good on your resume as it once did, but hold on. Satya Nadella is changing Microsoft. It may rise up again.
Middle management isn't the best. A lot of my projects feel like they are just catering to some director's whim. Also, there is a strong sentiment that showing some data, even if it is bad/dirty/incomplete, is better than showing no data - something I fundamentally disagree with.
It is more ambiguous than ever in terms of what drives an individual's success. While publically stack ranking is gone, effectively it is still there. Turnover is rising as are the frequency of layoffs. There are some businesses that are booming... and others that are struggling. If you get in the wrong group, you could be out the door before you know it. It still is an environment where WHO you know could be more important than WHAT you know but, this is improving. Middle management continues to struggle to lead.
HR has no teeth. People are put into documentation positions with no qualifications. The last editor I worked with didn't have a four year degree in anything. She had no idea what a dev edit meant. She stated she checked out five topics a day and "worked them over" with no thought to developing one voice or the fact that some of them hadn't changed. As another writer put it "she just changes things."
Too many hours worked. Perf reviews were a joke - so political and unfair. Leadership messaged too much integrity to get promoted - it was terrible.
Lack of leadership in services.
Stagnation, too much politics, average pay
Like any large organization, Microsoft has its fair share of internal office politics and bureaucracy, which can slow down the product development process. Also, there's a lot of variation between orgs and teams at Microsoft, so two people's experiences of the place can be completely different depending on the team that they join.
lot of politics. career trajectory determined in the first 2 years and no matter how big an impact you make, it doesnt accelerate after that.
Drama and favoritism in the admin community
Management is not focussed in hardware and tries to do too many things at the same time.
idiots didn't understand how good they had it and demanded change
nothing challenge, just have to follow the rules
Slow career growth. Big company issues (politics, bureaucracy)
Lots and lots of meetings, top down decision making, lots of coasters and lack of bias to action to make the change required
A lot of politics internally means a lot of time spent working on things that get axed at the last minute. I lot of managers spend most of their time working outside their teams for political reasons and promotions and often aren't there for their team.
Bad politics and top heavy in some orgs
Very limited ability to actually make an impact. Satya has been doing great work to improve the culture but so much of the upper management is made up of ancient Microsoft people that the culture is incredibly slow to change and the company is slow to respond to technology changes, particularly as compared to open source. There are some bright spots where change is taking hold.
Dinosaur like mentality VP only thinks about getting promoted Oncall rotation too aggressive Micromanagement
Organization complexity can be overwhelming
I hate MSN it's clearly trying to be a monopoly through paying Democrats to legislate for the company. The news seen on MSN is completely supportive of the DNC and FAKE NEWS
Engineering leadership not aligned to business objectives
Salary not so competitive and no appreciation for job well done
There is not enough hours in the day supporting the job I love.
most people aren't passionate or hard drivers anymore. It's just a big company. The benefits aren't anything special, just like any other firm.
Extremely slow career growth. If you want to get promoted and grow within the company, focus on supporting your GM personal corporate agenda and nothing else because it won't matter.
No more water bottles, only a water machine
No Free Food. Family oriented. Stagnation
Horrible place to work. Horrible work life balance, ridiculous politics, awful back stabbing culture. A lot of employees suing and winning for wrongful termination and discrimination.
can get lost because its a huge company
politics, slow pace of innovation, frustrating processes, open space rooms
Tech stacks are mostly outdated and not in par with the open source community. If you decide to move to another company later, then there could be sharp learning curves.
Because the company is so large sometimes it is difficult to achieve small things.
Fake it till you make it.
RIFs used as regular tool for culling talent over the last few years
The company has too many employees. They can cut 40% of their staff and still do good.
No data orientation. Decisions are based on perceptions Focus only on relationship management
Company has to much money and created may duplicate or overlapping roles that cause frustration and loss of true productivity.
Managing what is important vs. urgent in all the requested meetings we attend. Managing content in meetings to be more useful, important, and fruitful.
Limited growth for developers outside of the Seattle area.
with growth come pains, little to no work life balance(especially for leadership), little to no communication in advance when changes are coming-restructure -enough said
The company struggles with decision making (very slow) and there is just too much bureaucracy to get things done. This is due to the many layers of buy-in required to complete a project and the deeply ingrained culture of "poking holes" in a new idea instead of seeing how to make the idea better.
I would rather work in Seattle vs. the east side.
One of the big perks that Microsoft will try to sell you is mobility within the company, but this is not nearly as fluid as the recruiters would have you believe. Rolls within the really interesting teams at Microsoft are highly competitive. It is however easy to move around if you just want to try something new and aren't too picky.
Sometimes the Sr. leadership can be a little too focused on one thing (Azure) and can tend to let other things slip off the radar.
Long hours at times, old boy's network
Sometimes it can be difficult to get used to guerilla marketing
Office politics and continual self evaluations
Culture is not there yet, it is still very political and people Who have been around for a while are Immovable
Sales role not commission based Low pay for area, it is not matching to competitors or the standards employees are held to Absolute pittance of a yearly raise, does not keep with COL increases in most retail roles Quarterly bonus can be jeopardized based off other department's performance It's retail, yet treated as though it is a corporate role Sales expected to triage for techs with none of the protections or rewards offered to techs Detached and uncaring store management Never enough staff, yet refuse to promote/hire to fill gaps Will outright announce how there are no plans/availability for upward mobility within the location.
Pay attention when the recruiter or hiring manager talk about ambiguity- If you don't deal well with it you will not have a good experience.
Microsoft Retail is a shambles. The pay rate just doesn't cut it. You have about 40% of product advisor who care to work and the other 60% who are lazy and do not want to pull their weight for the company. Management have realized this so are unable to deal with the issue as PA's will just leave. Turn over is crazy because of this. Stepping stone job.
Some departments do not have career growth opportunities
constant reorganizations, lack of connection from upper management
Old hats still hold power
The review system was completely rigged. Managers would go into a room and fight for position with their directs BEFORE directs even submitted their self-assessments. No direct connection between your performance and your compensation. Seemed to be whimsical depending on the rapport with your boss.
There are so many politics involved, it made it an unenjoyable work environment.
There is nothing i can complian
I havn't seen any yet.
- Career opportunities outside Redmond can be limited - Layoffs do happen (that's why I'm no longer there after 12+ years). I could have applied for other internal roles, but decided it was time for a change, because... - Microsoft has such an all-encompassing worldview regarding technology and their products, that it's easy to fall into the "bubble" of thinking that Microsoft's solutions should be the answer to everything. "Why would anyone ever use <alternative product> when Microsoft has <X>?" The rest of the world doesn't see things that way, even generally pro-Microsoft partners and customers, so it's easy to get out of touch with the rest of the tech world.
- Highly political with old-habits guarding fifedoms - Feels like an academic institution- Tenure gets you a better office
Too large of an organization hindered forward movement In a little over a year I had 5 different managers and multiple re-oganizations of the department
Many Incompetent managers at GM level. Too many people in L65-67 level band. Performance reviews are a joke now. Completely based on relationship with manager and not performance. Connects mean nothing as calibration and rewards performed before connects are even done
- Salaries aren't competitive with other companies - More open source stacks should be used. Currently, majority of the teams are working only in C#
Kind of middle-age company.
Continues to miss opportunities with good innovative ideas like holo lens
No big cons found yet. I would say that because is a huge company, changes tend to be happen slower than startups.
Difficult to advance or move internally. Prefer external hires
Very hard to promote after Sr level to Principle.
Should have more team interactions
The usual overhead that comes from a large company. Some of the senior VP leadership lack vision and just coast.
work interest and fun content
Would be better if cafes are free.
It could get repetitive after a while, but they try to keep it fun and exciting, ive been here for about 5 months and have found it very accommodating to my schedule
Very complex org structure where anyone can say "no" but no one seems able to say "yes" and make it stick. Culture is much better under Satya, but there are still pockets of the "old guard" approach.
Too many processes and overhead
No real cons at all.
Super high pressure in the field
-Tends to be very bureaucratic and slower than smaller companies -Some people have a tendency to stay comfortable within the status quo. Could use more people who want to push boundaries and challenge the existing mindset -A lot of people who don't contribute much but have been at the company so long they're allowed to stay -Reorgs are common, but you get used to it
Sometimes you get placed on a team with a Terrible Manager, not diverse
Once they turn on you, there is nothing you can do...
Many things pop-up when you've been somewhere for decades, but one thing that I like to mention here is this HR policy, where even if you have years of industry experience, or even if you are technically qualified, yet you are treated as a college hire no matter if a hiring team might find you as fully qualified or not.  Basically, hiring teams don't really get to see you in order to evaluate your qualification unless they have a req for a college hire. This means that you as a candidate have less opportunities since you are pushed into a smaller set of job-opening (and auto-rejected from industry-hire category), and you as a hiring team are being excluded from considering candidates that are technically qualified.  This seems insane, policy trumps qualification!  It was like this when I joined back the end of the last century! Crazy that such an irrational policy is still the HR mantra.  I can whine about stack ranking and such, but many people have in the past, so I'll let it go.
so many opportunities may not allow you to come out of Microsoft... You may become frog in a well :(
As with every big companies there is a level of bueracracy
Need to find a good team, they are not all created equal. Some hassle involved in moving from team to team.
Amount of politics, management incompetence, lack of clear vision for the future
very little face to face contact all via Skype
Stack-rank review process sometimes can punish or reward people that don't deserve it.
no cons to think of!
to much bureaucracy. moves slow
business units don't always have the same overall company goals and there may be multiple units building same products
It is a Company and like any other company they are going to make business decisions that are not personal. The benefits of those decisions are going to be in the interest of the company.
No loyalty to employees. At the end of the day it didn't matter how well I did or how long I was with the company they let you go without so much as a good bye. After 23 years and I had just gotten a great review.
Very long hours at time and you may end up working many weekends. Recently they started to bring in new managers and many of them have very little experience in managing people and have no idea how the products work. This leads to lots of stress with people that report to these managers.
Not everyone is at the same stage of their careers and not all products are at the same stage either. This means you'll easily find motivated engineers mismatched onto maintenance mode products going nowhere and with size comes a dilution of talent.
Lower level management not always innovative
Producers, meetings, failing upward managers and leaders
There is hardly anything microsoft has to be improve upon
Many legacy infrastructure systems, slow to change.
Scorecard driven. Slow. Lacking field empowerment.
less money salary not good
Management and the horrific review system. Stack ranking is alive and well. With a team of over bright people, one bright person will without doubt getting the bad review.
Experienced people from industry take time to mix
Times of high workload resulted in long hours.
I don't have much to say about cons. It is a great company to work for. Microsoft expect innovation from its employees.
Possibly long hours, teams are variable.
The new CEO - Satya Nadella - is making great progress but has much work to do. Some of the groups are awesome and some are still old-school hoarding IP and staff. Making certain you fit in and like your team is crucial.
Too many people are involved in making decisions.
slipped dates regularly, released with known bugs regularly, and too many meetings that prevented progress (could be a problem of the past)
games, politics, red tape, comp,
1. No standardization around compensation, level expectation, or interviews. Every group or team just does what they want and they don't trust anyone else to be as discerning as they are. 2. The enormous size of the company means there's a lot of layers of crap to break through if you want to be a rising star.
Limited upward mobility unless you jump companies often
all licensing makes it very hard for customers to do business with us, Sales pay complexity and cap leave the seller fighting to get paid each year, unreasonable quotas mean their sellers don't get paid, some really useless people.
Instability due too frequent org changes
Work can be a bit repetitive.
If you do not get in the right group there are career path limitations
Really low efficiency Non-open-source tech stack
Traffic, but that is my issue.
Long hours as a result of weak planning skills in management. A lot of excess rework.
None that I can thing of.
Being so large, if you really care and want to make an impact, you are going to bump heads with others that may not be as motivated. Agendas are everywhere and you can find yourself on the bad end of a reorg. You can find better benefits at competitors. Transformation coming from top down can be very disruptive and silos below impede real innovation and change. Bonus/Compensation is bound by budget and found little meaningful (as in $) difference between being "above average", and "killing it".
Microsoft Azure division is starting to mandate you live in Redmond. Not really understanding this as this is the cloud services division on Microsoft and there #1 sales point is with the cloud you can be anywhere and access your information.
I can only speak to the Windows group, so the following should be taken with that caveat: Not quite up to par as far as smaller, scrappy companies. Too many PMs running around trying to "add value" while a lot just scrape by doing the minimum. It's easy to step on toes if you want to make an impact, and it's annoying to watch others just coasting and getting the same salary. Similar to the PM group, Dev and QA folks can be really hit or miss. Accountability is something that seems to be lacking. KPIs are rarely tracked after a product ships, and any mishaps are just hushed. Benefits like free lunches, booze, and good coffee are not found here. I really don't know why, since it wouldn't cost the company much and would significantly improve the culture and retention, but Microsoft seems to be stubborn in this regard.
Poor communication within management, plays favorite, not a way to move up to corporate no matter how much they tell it is a stepping stone.
Became to big and bureaucratic. Difficult to get things done. Lacked in promoting innovation. Too process oriented for movement of ideas.
Diversity hires slow down process. Had to turn down awesome candidates to fit this.
The executive leadership at Microsoft Store could use more customer centricity and less of politics. The latter has been getting in the way of true growth and innovation.
Less on cash compared the Facebook and Google. Too many useless program Managers are speedbumps for important projects...
No real sales commission plan. It is an annual bonus plan that is complex, very hard to understand, has both a soft and hard cap, and has a degree of subjectivity that can be risky depending on your management. Also, inflexible. You may be "asked" to cover something that you will wind up spending lots of time on but not get paid for. Marketing for enterprise business solutions is very weak, mostly focused on collateral with corporate banalities that have little value. Licensing very complex and leads to much time spent on customer satisfaction issues. Microsoft does not appear to want highly agressive type "A" salespeople, and maybe they just don't need them. Hence, the comp plan.   But, as I said, if you are OK with OK money and the caps, etc, go for Microsoft.
too much politics, promotion is not totally based on your hard work but how much influence do you have
Lousy treatment to people. Constant churn. More than one resource was fired over Skype for Business - very impersonal. Senior Managers and Exec leadership simply do not listen - Ivory tower syndrome. One consulting resource had to work 3 projects to just met utilization target of 40 hours/week - actual hours worked to accommodate travel between client sites > 60 hours/week.
Unfortunately Microsoft like so many corporate entities confuses success as an individual contributor with having the skills and disposition needed to be a successful manager.
change or decisions are made very slowly
High turnover in my division Expectations set high Stack/rank gone in favor of ongoing performance reviews Time to establish better long term goals
Really shady environment, all about popularity. Growth is impossible no matter how well you perform. The managers will always say you aren't ready.
Disconnect between upper management and lower level employees. Not a lot of resource sharing across product groups, so it seems like the wheel gets reinvented often.
Sometimes difficult to put the projects in production and show ROI
More Money, More Problems.
They created a dog eat dog culture with the old archaic review system. This will take a long time to flush out of the organization as it is heavily ingrained. There is poor to non-existent collaboration between many groups and divisions causing poor efficiency. Employees are gaming the system and the frequent moves to new teams causes lackluster productivity over time.
Some groups better than others, and is most often dependent upon the manager(s) you work with.
managers don't invest personal time with team members, no formal training
far away from home wish it was closer
Workload can sometimes be overwhelming if you are not great at prioritizing so time-management is crucial.
Getting used to developing on Windows is a bit of a learning curve (coming from Unix background).
Can't think of any significant cons. The company under the new management is definitely changing in extremely good ways.
stock option is not compatible with other 1st tier software companies
Overrun with process and policies. Lack of empowerment.
Too process driven at times, some groups still cling to the 'not-invented-here' mentality.
The corporate environment is a bit too rigid. Not always easy to to drive towards interesting projects.
All teams are moving towards Services model - so, core engineers will need to be on-call 24/7  If you perform very well - this company is not for you - performance model is completely flawed - designed only for avg. employee's. True high-performers gets peanuts as perks.
too much diversity crap and hiring the wrong people based on skin color.
segmented, silo's, huge company with lot's of layers
Touchy Feely at times Egoland
Time Zone frequent travel english
Open-office floor plan is metastasizing across the company.  You sacrifice career opportunities to maintain work/life balance.  Limited ability to move between teams. It can be done, but takes a lot of effort.  Constant reorgs.
work life balance suffers and expectations to work on weekends
In recent years, developed an impersonal, 100% business-driven, approach to HR and people. Prior to the wave of layoffs I was part of, many of us older employees (I've confirmed with others) were "managed out" - given bad review results that did not match the 1:1 feedback we got from everyone we had worked with. Then, during my last week before I was laid off, I was blocked from seeking an alternative internal position (the hiring manager was hinted to stay away from me) - even though I was looking outside my division and for a different type of role. Bottom line: Either you are exceptionally excellent all the time - or you're constantly at risk.
no issues with job, great work
Too large, driven by execs who are poor leaders and overburdened with political correctness and bureaucracy.
A lot of re-orgs and management changes
There is hardly anything microsoft has to be improve upon
Not all teams are great,some are too good.
No cons that I see. Very content.
Nothing much. I don't really seen any cons for the current role I am doing here. Times are flexible enough which is an important thing for me
Sometimes slow to make decisions
Tops down management with politics internally a huge factor
Large organization requires navigating to get things done . Many groups out there to support but identifying them is bit challenging
Upward potential limited for non Redmond employees
Limited work from home opportunities
Can't think of any cons
poor compensation, no culture of retention, no transparency
Much too work to do and to many meetings
The scale of projects are generally smaller
Company has not evolved in IT. Bitter and toxic infighting evokes "old Microsoft." Microsoft IT needs to evolve.
With the push to an era of digital transformation, and significant investments in MICROSOFT Cloud, comes aggressive growth targets and expectations.
Does not know how to engage an end customer. Only focuses on enterprise world
Politics appear to be on the rise. Competing priorities, duplicative efforts, and lack of coordination across teams. Easy to get lost and loyalty to people is becoming more important than loyalty to the company.
Too big, sometimes it takes long time to get to a decision
Base pay I a bit low. Big organization, so you have to be comfortable with scale. Transition to the cloud is going well.
Politics can be too much
Uses Windows laptop primarily y y y y... Open space dev environment can be a con to some folks as well
Cannot control what you do, most work is assigned by managers.
Managers who don't believe in work/life balance, or think working from home means you're available 24/7. Chronically understaffed despite layoffs elsewhere.
Nothing as such from an intern perspective
Bloated process preventing people from efficient solving problems
Far away from other rivals. Ms has its own process,architecture,and culture. Ms try to build everything from scratch.this result in a strong engineer team,but could also lead to slowness
Company is beginning to hire too many unqualified software engineers. Beginning to witness more working here just for the status, title, and promo. What happened to Microsoft and passionate developers?
still very hierarchical, no transparency from the top, still does marketing in a very old world, non transformative product oriented way, pay isn't the most competitive
No free food for employees.
risk adverse culture especially long term employees
No cons, this is a great company at all.
Need to pick your group carefully, lateral moves tough to do
politics because of strict and old top-down hierarchy, non-self driven environment
not flexible, long hours, boring projects
scope of impact can be limited by size of organization, compared to smaller company. Had been very tenure based.
Old guard divisional leadership hinders innovation and growth.
Not so bad as they claim it to be
A lot of top talent has left the company
Apple is Better than Mircosoft
Managers are good ICs and do not help you in your career, you are on your own
Many mgmnt layers hard to impact results
too much of mediocrity and politics
Culture can be overly competitive
Politics. Slow growth. Pay less than people who join new.
Located on the eastside which isn't great if you live in Seattle, potentially lots of bureaucracy, many floundering products, doesn't often feel like you're working at the forefront of the industry. IT has created so many hoops for authentication to internal sites/email/etc. it's a real PITA.
It's a big organization, sometimes the bureaucracy can be daunting
- The products are not necessarily exciting and might involved dated stuff - Decision making is completely top-down -
Not very organized at the management level.
Uncertainty and no job guarantee
If you break any rule - you are gone The salaries of HR personnel are paid by the company - so they really don't have your best interests at heart. Act to protect yourself.
Lots of politics, engineering and marketing orgs not on the same page and running on very different timelines
-Feels too big sometimes -Occasionally impersonal
- Limited new opportunities - Slow innovation and lot of bureacracy
Hard to more around sometimes.
White people no longer welcome or promoted
Long hours, weekends, high stress to Succeed. Sometimes the climate was biased to certain individual. Retail had a strong divide between corporate & field (us vs. them feeling)
Too many meetings, a couple of hours in the evening every week talking to Asia.
Hard to shift teams within the company.
Lost its shine to Amazon, Google and still catching up
No training and extremely limited direction given to contractor. You must be able to figure it out, hit the ground running and just get it done.
Larger corporate culture is stagnant to change
- internal warfare - "smartest person in the room" syndrome - empire building - takes too long to get anything done - unpopular managers aren't drummed out
Teams spread across the world results in some communication difficulties. Also, some teams seem to ignore internal feedback that would improve experience for devs and customers.
Some of the people were horrible and getting promoted for all the wrong reasons. There was a feeling that if you weren't prepared to stay on the team for 20 years, you weren't really devoted to them, a stance I hear is from the 1980's. A lot of bs in middle management and Satya has a lot of work ahead of him. This all varies by team so your experience will probably be much better.
Reorgs, layoffs, but I guess these things happen everywhere.
If you land in the wrong store with a bad leadership team then you will not have a good experience. Also, the work gets very boring very quickly and there is not much else you can do around the store.
Projects move slowly as progress has to go through so many hoops to be approved. Sometimes projects can be shut down midway
Expectation that Personal Life is secondary to Career
often down periods during org. changes that can be demanding on morale
Big company bureaucracy, can be hard to get visibility to projects in other groups
Still catching up to culture of other top tech companies Game of thrones politics at higher levels
- Big company, need to be proactive in finding your nitch (but it's there if you work hard!)
Complex to navigate org structure, which slows down pace of innovation
Internal leadership politics, challenging engineering constraints and lack of cross divisional alignment makes it incredibly difficult to produce high quality products.
Changing a culture at a company this size is turning the titanic - it will take time
If you work on a cloud service, prepare yourself for 24/7 on-call support duties. These were the most stressful and least rewarding parts of my job. After the company got rid of the testers, the devs did not pick up the slack. We're all DevOps now, after all. And we and our families pay the price in 3:00 AM calls, when you can't think straight and the pressure is like none you've ever felt.
Compensation was fair No training or development Limited growth opportunities
Work during the holidays No set schedule
1. It's very difficult to "stand out" and move up in the ranks. 2. There doesn't seem to be a very good way to advance your career without moving into management. 3. The job can end up being very political. 4. It all really depends on your team.
cons not really any cons
Cultural change is taking more time than expected
Politics, politics, politics. Lower chances of movement internally.
Too many reorgs which can suddenly terminate a position. They do provide some assistance with finding another job but once a position is terminated due to reorg, you are basically on your own.
Lack of strong management capabilities and senior leadership who reinforces poor behaviors by not addressing bad managers. Manager isn't a job unto itself, mid-level managers still have ~90% of their review based in their individual contributions.
Too much red tape. Very difficult to get even small projects completed quickly and efficiently.
Mediocre mid mgmt at best, Lack vision and strategy
Large company which can make it very hard to see the impact of your efforts because you are a very small part of a large entity
None - join us! Seriously, we are hiring!
Can't transition into Redmond easily.
Nothing to mention at this time
Tools are broken and fragmented. I understand KM is difficult beast to tackle in a large and old organisation, but it's now impeding on our ability to actually deliver.
internal employee feedback(mspoll) is just useless. Hard to make voice due to internal politics and so on.
They are in a really chaotic place right now trying to reinvent themselves and good people new and long term are being laid off.
Work life balance is tough to maintain when constantly under pressure of meeting deadlines. At times personal agendas get in the way of doing what's best.
no work a lot of politics old PM who doesn't want to work
Too much bureaucracy stopping innovation
Constant re-orgs, not always performance based, but rather measured on popularity. Many aggressive people willing to take credit for other peoples work nd through teammates under the bus. Very hierarchical.
Mid level management plays lot of politics
management changes, transparency is an issue
Narrow scope of product offerings, not deeply integrated across product groups, inter-competitive.
I wasn't able to reach my full potential. I am capable of so much, I felt I was hindered by the lack of opportunity to grow with the company.
No such thing as a 40-hour work week
not I can think of for now
Overly political and in some areas lacking real innovation.
They say they encourage a fail fast mentality, but punish for failing.
Impossible to make any money. Quotas well over 200% growth. High turnover in sales roles. Becoming an Oracle in daily forecast calls.
Difficult work life balance, can be extremely political.
Salary increases are very low
short shifts, outdoor mall, slow traffic
Management is not to great at leadership
When it comes to career advancement, sad to say the stack system is still ever so apparent. Alot of times, advancement either becomes a who you know or cultural bias. Alot of people do not want to say it, but trust me, it is there.  Sometimes, as said above, this can lead to a career development stall with your reporting supervisor. In some areas, there is hidden favoritism being played with groups of staff.
Bureaucratic, Leadership says things public but often has different guidance to the managers
The company is so big that sometimes get lost and hard to make an impact
Understaffed, expectations were never really set and managers would usually side wth the customer instead of backing up the employee enforcing the policies.
Like most big companies, everything is always in flux and you are likely to be moved around as groups reconfigure. It's best not to get too attached to the outcome and enjoy the journey.
None I can think of
- Compensation not as competitive as Google or Facebook - Culture rewards extroverts / those who talk the most and loudest in meetings - Lots of dead wood
There was too much red tape.
Politics! Most employees are very little interest in doing good job, only focused on accelerating ones careers.
Too many walls and moving up in the company is near impossible
Little work life balance. Hours unpredictable. Stressful. Managements demands on employees are out of touch with reality. Very little bandwidth for extra projects yet that is how you are measured for bonuses
I have nothing bad to say about this company
Perks are going away
keep on working on customer obsession
Work life balance Quality of work
-some pretty crazy managers -if you are friends with the SLT of your group, you are promoted -managers with very little proven merit -politics are literally insane. You will spend nearly 2/3 of your time playing the internal game. Your internal brand exceeds the importance of your external (client brand). The same people get all of the recognition. It's almost like a high school culture -you will literally have to sell your soul to move up within the company. Proceed with caution -if you are creative the culture may stifle your creativity -the vision and TV commercials sound and look great but it's a whole different story in the trenches -if you have genuine passion and love for what you do, and are on the fence with other offers or opportunities, go elsewhere.
Fixed mindset. There are a lot of people that have been here forever. The culture is in the midst of a shift, but I find it a bit old-school, sexist, old boys club.
stay longer then you get used to easy life
slowly in adapting latest changes
Very large and bureaucratic. Lots of office politics. Not pushed nearly as hard as I should have been
No role guide handbook to help new employees to grow within the company
Slow growth  Not much to do
Very large and bureaucratic. Lots of office politics. Not pushed nearly as hard as I should have been
No role guide handbook to help new employees to grow within the company
Management heavy and overloaded bad
The culture is a little old school (for a tech company) and some of the leadership has been around the company for too long
I worked 50+ hours a week
The company is too big, lots of politics and internal friction
No specific cons about the company.
- Overall: it is a dying elephant - Very politicized - Very bad for any technical career - Too many "story tellers" and visibility gainers, but very limited amount of really working people. Everybody wants to delegate and eventually get credit of your work. - Outdated stack of technologies, most of them are already irrelevant - Questionable medical benefits - Paycheck bellow average
Highly matrixed. Sometimes takes too long for decisions to be made to drive the business forward.
Ineffective and inexperienced clannish middle management. Terrible performance review process. Complacency. Very bureaucratic. Superfluous process.
No budget for employee training. Employees must learn and keep up with new technology on their own and on their own time. Many job descriptions include "We need somebody who can hit the ground running", or somebody who is a "Self starter", which basically means that there is no help available and we don't have the time or patience to train you .....
Insurance went down the tubes.
High internal politics, and bad managers
If you don't advocate for yourself, no one will.
Some groups are highly politicized and lack transparency from top down.
Inconsistent top down management leads to some randomization, weak soft perks (no free food, few parties, few awards), on call for service teams
Always on, work / life balance
lack of innovationn and long term direction
Work life balance is a bit skewed but you can work from anywhere. 80/20
Lack of resources certain vendors/contract positions stifled pay or raises, sometimes mitigation was hindered due to red tape/jurisdiction
Lack of resources certain vendors/contract positions stifled pay or raises, sometimes mitigation was hindered due to red tape/jurisdiction
Too many employees, FTEs and contractors, are from India and too many Microsoft jobs in India. Very poor and artificial diversity.
politics, ability to move into different areas, managers cram the culture down your throat then don't practice it themselves. Ambiguity in ever changing focus.
Going through a lot of transformation due to its cloud strategy
1. Hit and miss on managers 2. Depending on your role, you can get pigeon holed in certain career paths
Commute. By far the largest con.
Microsoft had a couple downsides.
Job security.. Very Heavy PM load
Work-life balance can be difficult to manage, org is still very immature and is going through some growing pains, org is still learning how to work together and not in silos.
a little too much inner-oriented
Too much politics Frequent change of direction Victim of our own success
Horrible management, still the old Microsoft culture
Highly political, low work life balance, annual performance stack ranking, constant changes in management, goals and reorganization. Massive on going CPE required. Constant travel, work over weekends and holidays.
If your message is not timed and targeted at the right person certain people go out of their way to mark you down
a lot of re-org, and you may feel lonely if you are not a very sociable person
Store Manager have no work life not consistent with store managers and alignment
We are still a huge company
the salary is not competitive in industry
working environment is very competitive, cubical setting
- Ambiguity is pitched as a bonus and a challenge internally...the problem is, at least in recruiting, ambiguity wasn't the right word. Lack of direction from disconnected leadership and nearly monthly re-orgs in certain divisions equated to sloppy business. - A lot of turnover in the leadership ranks of the company as well as recruiting organization. Lose one or two here and there and that's the cost of doing business, but lose handfuls of high level people within a few months time and there is something else going on entirely. My experience was the latter. - Innovation is at the core of Satya's principles and is on just about every powerpoint deck, the problem is though, with hundreds of thousands of employees it'll probably take 10 years for meaningful change in the way business is done has been solidified across the company. He took over in 2014, the bad old habits of sitting on the cash pile still plague innovation in 2017. This isn't an indication of bad leadership by Satya, he is great, but there needs to be more strategic changing of the guard in key areas across the company to speed up the process to remain competitive and breed thought leadership. - So much of what managers are brought in to do is handcuffed by the Director level employees (at least in recruiting) that ideas from those closer to the work rarely are considered or even heard. Essentially, the political game of who can speak loudest to be seen is still very much in play, rather than getting the most from those they hire.
A bit ambiguous sometimes. However people are willing to take time to listen and help you through it. Other than that everything is great.
to many distance from my home
Feel somewhat Disconnected from Redmond office
Extremely toxic political environment. People are always fighting over ownership. There is another team in Microsoft doing exactly what you are and you'll clash over them. Lots of reorgs. Horrible open source software policy (It's gotten better, but still horrible).
anti-productive culture of busy work over results
Some teams have leads and managers with large number of direct reports that doesn't allow them to focus as much on career developments of their team members as they would otherwise do.
Some projects are not good.
Company is balancing as they transition from on-premise to cloud. Transformation will have minimal impact on some groups, but will hit the field & corp marketing hard.
Sometimes too much beaurocracy gets in the way
not much growth in some teams and not good people managers
Big company - so more processes and more hierarchies. Big fat middle management. Many "low skilled but talk well" personalities.
The lesser Middle management will make the things more transparent between employee and leadership team. Salary and benefits are not equal within same level employees
Comparably, salary is not attractive for years of experiences No free lunch
Too much politics and company is getting old.
No path to blue badge, contractors for life
Politics, politics, politics. Often the least skilled, qualified people are in the highest positions. And the inequality prevents great work from being done
You need to interview to switch teams, and your manager might get upset if you do and enter negative feedback about you. Also, the company seems to follow other innovators these days (in several areas) instead of leading.
Caliber of employees may not be world class
Outside perception mostly, and the land-grab versus AWS for cloud. We lost the mobile space.
Kind of like high school with a core crowd of 'in' people - the rest of us are there to get in, do our job and go home to our families.
Microsoft doesn't see the value in software testers any longer.
Not a fun commute if you're young and living in Seattle
the work can be quite boring
Comparably, salary is not attractive for years of experiences No free lunch
- Rewards are nowhere near Google/ FB or any top company today. - On-calls are a standard but there the standard benefits like Phone allowance is missing - Lot of politics in some teams
Massive organization Boring culture Frequent leadership directional changes
Sometime the working hours can be long
long hours and politics in the company
High Pressure, long hours, political.
Re-orgs and layoffs. Annual layoffs are a real concern. Must manage your career carefully to avoid these.
If you're not happy where you are and have less than stellar reviews, moving between divisions is tough. Work-life balance used to be talked about a lot - it's not talked about anymore. Shift in culture from consumer products to enterprise products shifts the focus towards a different set of customers, which causes a lot of stress when you tell friends you work for MS and they start complaining.
Need open offices, many offices don't have any sunlight.
Team members are unprofessional and unhelpful
It can get a little bureaucratic at times. I felt that I was stepping on toes sometimes when I tried to take on more responsibility.
Too slow for changing world
There is constant reorg's, I have 4 managers in 6 months. Never got good traction to finish anything that I started.
Managers are only lifers that were hired from college. Tech is still decades behind the competition. Change is slow.
Constant reorganizations at the lower levels and none at the middle level management, still a long way to go
Pretty big place, so expect some process along the way
I have heard that there are some teams that are not great although I've never met anyone working for said teams. Everyone I've met likes their team. You can always switch teams if this is the case. I wish they the free coffee wasn't starbucks but some fresh local roasted coffee. Minor gripe.
I have heard that there are some teams that are not great although I've never met anyone working for said teams. Everyone I've met likes their team. You can always switch teams if this is the case. I wish they the free coffee wasn't starbucks but some fresh local roasted coffee. Minor gripe.
Flexible working culture also calls for having to respond to emails on the go (remotely via mobile phones), attending conference calls outside of office hours hence blurring the segregation between work and personal life.
Needs to have more recognition for contributions.
Clicky, poor management skills and ethics, dismisses harassment claims, limited teamwork and collaboration - if you like sink or swim on your own private island, go for it.
there is no diversity in the workplace
- Numbers, numbers, numbers. When I first started as a Product Advisor I wasn't told/aware about how number-centered the entire store was. Every morning we go over numbers as well as every night. If your sales were doing poorly or even if they were going well you'd get a meeting with one of the managers who'd basically berate you and make all your successes feel worthless. There were very obvious cliques and some of my coworkers were blatantly racist against me. Constantly stayed past the hours I was marked for, and was strongly suggested by management to not go on any breaks otherwise you'd get talked to or on a manager's bad side. If numbers and micromanaging wasn't shoved down our throats every waking moment I probably would have loved working here. Very long hours, 9 hours was typical and you almost always stayed past your assigned time.
Still plenty of political crap Can be hard to retain the best people Good people are leaving for better pay elsewhere
Takes a while to get promotions.
political work, guys who can speak more is better than do more
Still pockets of alliances but seems to be more limited.
Low sock for junior level of developer position
Constant change in reporting / team structure.
Housing is expensive and traffic is a pain. It's a really big place so new projects can feel slow since all the ducks have to be in a row before things take off.
Internal politics can really slow you down
Some people are frustrated with the small scope of what they work on or the slow pace but I think that's just a symptom of the size and complexity of the projects you work on at Microsoft
Poor management. No fringe benefits.
60-hour weeks are the norms. Incompetent and Micro-managing supervisors abound. Sleeping your way to the top is not unheard of nor is the person in the senior position ever reprimanded.
Too much politic even within development organization
Budget cuts with retail, management is vastly different by market, they preach work life balance but to no avail, workload is not comparable to pay.
A lot of old cons were taken care of. still a lot of opportunity to work on process simplification and work environment. single offices are not very up to date.
Windows is the main cons I guess. Some managers are still stuck in the old culture which is definitely dying
Stock compensation is significantly lower than other competitors.
- Satya has lost his mind and really thinks that IT is something that doesn't need to exist - Company is killing itself to make Azure work and it is failing - IT Department cost tripled trying to move everything to Azure not including people - IT department is cutting vendor and FTE staff trying to do "more with less" calling dev/ops but with no real idea of what dev/ops means - "Blue Box" means Product Groups doing their own IT without knowledge on how to do it - Satya is making a mess of it. Company will is seeing short term gains from dropping ops costs but will quickly start to stagnate and people start to choke on Azure.
Too much politic even within development organization
Horribly managed. Managers are allowed to hire friends and family which as you can guess is not a good thing. You are basically free to do whatever you want, whenever you want which may be considered a pro?
WAY too much time spent on internal meetings vs vital time with customers. challenges with work-life balance.
Corporate baggage and aggressively changing
With over 90,000 employees, you are just a number. Many of the jobs are being migrated to India, and other locations where salaries and other expenses are lower. Between constant reorganizations of management and assignments, it is difficult to build meaningful, constructive employee-manager rapport.
too big a company, growth is relatively solwer
Large company bureaucracy. Silly "Connect" performance review process (that supposedly isn't a performance review) that then leads to a pay raise based on "impact" which isn't defined in a way that aligns to the new values of the company. It is just weird.
Large company bureaucracy. Silly "Connect" performance review process (that supposedly isn't a performance review) that then leads to a pay raise based on "impact" which isn't defined in a way that aligns to the new values of the company. It is just weird.
None that I can think of, outside of the company not letting employees know where certain hardware divisions are headed ahead of time
micro-managers abound here, corporate culture is set in Washington and doesn't always fit well for leading edge HW development
Wish there were more locations for some jobs
Lots of work for a bit of progress.
Work/life balance is also ranked low in each year Work Health Index but management does not seem to take this serious, particularly for those working in the online cloud computing environment requiring 24x7. Sometimes need to deal with legacy infrastructure before some improvements could be made to enhance systems. A lot of overheads to perform some legacy tasks with less return on investment. Slowly becoming to embrace open software standards but take lots of time to retrain workers with Windows knowledge.
- The engineering mentality in some teams is not the best: software design is not given too much thought and lazy shortcuts, instead of an ideal solution, are often taken. This applies to teams that have a lot of legacy code. - The internship experience depends a lot on the mentor. Most mentors are great, if you're one of the unlucky few, your internship won't be as rewarding.
The only con is that it is truly a behemoth, the large nature of the organization offers less flexibility and less breadth of context.
Nothing specifc to mention.
It is a very big company and, as such, is very compartmentalized in how they go about doing business. This creates a need for specialists more than general knowledge technologists.
I wish that formal training was more available. There are internal requirements to get certified on things, but getting approved for formal training isn't easy.
Salary, Microsoft specific technologies, Backward compatibility
Your experiences will depend on the team and location in which you work. Humility includes the ability to be open to new ideas and ways of doing things and many people who started their career at Microsoft and have never worked anywhere else lack this trait. Some teams might be led by people who are not very collaborative and have political motivations.
Review structure lacking and constantly changing. Management claims they promote work/life balance, but critique against peers who do not have any, so you are expected to perform the same.
Long hours and you have to work for it
The only con is that it is truly a behemoth, the large nature of the organization offers less flexibility and less breadth of context.
Still some holdouts trying to keep the old ways of internal competition rather than cooperation. Employees need to push the idea of cooperation.
Some teams and projects are dragged down my management level politics. Need to watch out for those while joining.
In my opinion, morale is now pretty poor mainly due to the abundance of unnecessary admin/processes, internal politics and poor management. There have been more than a few layoffs (wrapped into "re-orgs") in recent years and the practice of stack ranking employees has continued, although mgmt attempted to obscure this by calling it something else (b/c of the negative press following the Vanity Fair article about 5yrs ago).  For years now it seems that numbers have been set at unattainable levels so that most don't make their numbers. This started during the K.T. era (former COO), presumably to cut payout costs, but it has continued after his departure. If I recall, it started after the company announced an across the board raise in base salaries (apparently in response to 'employee feedback about too much compensation being tied to stock').  From that point growth targets seemed to get crazy and a lot of good people left. You'd have one good year but 2 bad ones. Mgmt might change quota or revenue recognition rules mid year and there's nothing you can do about it, or worse yet, you may not find out there was a rule change until the end of the fiscal when you're trying to figure out why your attainment number is off. Incentive plans are so complex that you need a PhD to comprehend. Reporting tools are often broken and you may not be able to accurately track progress against goal, so you may get screwed if you have a manager with few scruples or if you have a mgr looking for a sacrificial lamb for the bottom of the stack ranking.
Sales, sales and sales. Constant micro-managing about everything! Raise per year is based on performance (and even if you're doing really well, you don't get a lot more money) Promise of promotion and career growth. New employees are making more than employees with seniority. Rude customers that degrade you.
too much waste on non-productive things
Middle management can be spotty. Important to find the right team.
I worked in two areas while there. One of them was much better than the other. I won't name them, but you need to be careful when evaluating the team and manager. It is true that some overwork their employees without acknowledging the amount of work done, and have unrealistic expectations. My team was not like this, but the business group we developed training for had this issue. Very competitive as well.
Cutthroat politics, old fashioned engineering practices, terrible build systems and source control
Learning that delivering high value, impact, will not guarantee a good review, rewards, or career progression. Too much hostile political maneuvering, especially as progress in levels. I am one of those truly passionate geeks that loves what Msft has contributed to the world, and hope I have helped meaningfully over the years. Unfortunately, can't stand the politics.
Some space issues, politics, and budget issues for consultants
Still dealing with the issues of a large scale business - politics, competition, duplication of effort across teams - but making big progress
Big company can mean lots of process overhead and dispersed decision-making, leadership trying to streamline but still takes a long time to get things done
While Mr. Nadella states that stack reviews are no longer the norm, I can emphatically state that is not the case. The practice is ongoing, 'someone had to be labeled the lowest performer' according to my former manager. I was told that my manager's boss tried to get an exception to the mandatory personnel trim for our small group after I was labeled, and he was denied.
Every day is a fire drill. You must spend large part of your time advertising how good you and your work are, rather than working to make products better. Engineering seems to be more turn the crank than innovation. Surface team spends a lot of time changing its mind and redoing rather than innovating.  Too much travel to China
Depends on who your peers and managers are. I have had really great experiences in the past with my former managers but more recently my location has changed their vision where it seems like they are trying to push out all the employees who have been with the company longer with whatever excuse they can find.
Performance review process needs improvement
-Communication between areas and the ability to share tools that can assist you from on department to another are often hard to acquire
salary is on the lower side, longer you stay the lower it gets
Pay could be higher I think. Sometimes politics make doing the right thing difficult but this is not the day-to-day as much as outlier outcomes.
Constantly need to upgrade and update skills.
Some teams are stuck on older technologies (like Office) which just make your career growth not as good as other places.
MS is a big organization so there are lots of re-org.
Too big to get an overall picture, technologies is old.
Culture, payrate, and benefits can vary from division to division for similar roles, and hard work is often unrewarded and trumped by politics. To take advantage of some of the best opportunities, relocation (some paid, some unpaid) is often required and modifications to benefits/pay is the norm. Also, the classic mentality of "bad managers" cause disengagement with the organization while great managers keep you motivated to perform at your best and inspired for what the future with Microsoft may hold is very much a part of working at Microsoft. I've had some managers lie to me and peers and manipulate situations, while others have recognized me with bonuses and top company recognition. Work life balance is also hit or miss depending on the org that you work in. My experience is that as long as you sacrifice and overwork yourself to exceed expectations, you "earn" your "balance" in the work/life arena. What may be expected from senior management at the top of the company in regards to the organization's values and expectations can be executed completely differently depending on the org and the managers that are above you.
Contractors are limited to only work 18 month and then they have to leave for 6 months.
Can be difficult to navigate if you are not used to a large company.
Less salary, mid level management not clear about org goals
Can be a challenge getting past internal hurdles (mostly from HQ)
Leadership is flighty, often overreacting to social media / public sentiment instead of building a long-term strategy to invest in. The dreaded "re-org" happens often, sometimes meaning little progress is made for months on end while structure shakes up.
Some technology are very Microsoft specific so if you get stuck working on these projects, your skill will likely not be well received else where.
After a while, the learning starts to be about how to succeed at Microsoft, rather than how to build software best. When I was there there was pretty limited customer interaction and data driven decision making, but I think that has changed somewhat since I left. In the end, the reason i left was so I could spend more time thinking about what the right thing to build for customers was, rather than figuring out how to build the thing I was told to build as well as possible.
-Plans can change on an upper management whim. There's no good reason other then someone way up the food chain had a pet idea they wanted in the product. -Upper management expects everyone under them to provide schedules and such but they don't feel they should be held accountable to a schedule and we wait with no idea when the decisions that have major impact on our product will be made. -Schedules get made that everyone knows can't be made but will only report that as the official schedule until it's blown.
Previous CEO made the decision which was left to the new CEO who clearly did not share the opinion of buying the Nokia handset business. This ended up ms not investing enough in the comeback and eventually ramping down the whole phone business and laying off 25k+ people. This is in a way evidence of ms going through big changes and if you happen to be in that side of the business which is not valued by CEO then changes and moves can be quick and they lay off people pretty fast.
1) Culture. Everyone is giving praise to the "New Microsoft." Satya can say all he wants that he's turning the place around and invests in people - but it's not entirely true. You have the same VPs running teams there and they continue to perpetuate favoritism and sexism. There is no safety at Microsoft. You may be okay in a role for a while, until there is a re-org. A new VP comes in and replaces all the leadership with people they know. That job you were waiting around for? Gone. It's given to someone the VP trusts.  Culture is also about how we treat each other. Office politics happen when there is a lack of trust in the workplace. Teams are still competing with the each other for resources. Within teams, managers are playing games to protect their own feature areas and resources. With respect to compensation, it gets worse. While MSFT can say they got rid of the stack rank, it's the same budget for rewards. It's not possible to give everyone a max payout with the budget. This means the VP takes from everyone to give top rewards to a few key performers.  2) If you ever join MSFT, good luck finding your next job. Many recruiters will question your ability to get anything done. There is definitely prejudice against MSFT employees in the valley.
low pay, strategic vision is poor
-Team wasn't close -Hard to coordinate things in a large company -I was hired into a position I wasn't really interested in
Teams within the same division aren't always on the same page
Some groups more strategic than others. Who your manager is, is also important. Can be very process driven and very political in some groups. Change happens very solves.
Not much of career opportunities for EAs.
Too much politics in recently years
Management doesn't know what they want to do. Process gets in the way of productivity. Manager would rather have you do BS political stuff than actual work.
Culture at odds with claimed values. Biased judgements rampant. Amazon leadership transplants lead to a lot of cronyism. Particularly biased to older workers.
The culture at MS has drastically changed with each new CEO. Innovation built one of the largest tech companies in the world. Ballmer threw money at every problem and tried to buy any company he felt could get him out of the hole he dug. Nadella is doing everything he can to distance himself from the past mistakes and cutting everything. He's more accountant then an engineer.
There's a sense of panic among higher management, especially in the documentation groups. A desperate desire to prove their worth to the company. Not a good sign overall.
Bad work life balance on current team
Long hours and not good pay
Products that may be launched before they are completely ready
Growing opportunity was very less.
- Culture change is happening but too slowly. I still run into people everyday that exhibit "old" Microsoft thinking. Culture change is uncomfortable and there are still too many comfortable people without the right incentive to change. - There are also too many people that weigh in on every decision. Classic "too many cooks" dilemma. - Bottoms up revolution does not succeed often and there are only so many Top Down initiatives that Management can drive. As long as the metric for rewarding people is "business impact" (self delivered, helping others, building on others' help), it will always be possible to push aside everything else.
* Sometimes collaboration (especially with int'l teams) gets in the way of work * Teams within the same division aren't always on the same page * It's easy for people to get away with not doing their job and force you to pick up their slack
Negative culture at headquarters with over-functioning engineering team. Cross company initiatives are slowed by too many silos and approvals. "Growth hacking" is promoted in word but restrained by bureaucracy in action.
Compensation should be little bit less than talent competition. Due to this, a lot of talented people are leaving. Few of talent peoples are here - most of them are due to some constraints. Every one has feeling that we are less paid and tackling same challenging problems.
Very poor communication across the company and to the partners causing confusion and complexity. Middle management tier is slow to adopt the "Growth Mindset", they are too focused on their careers rather than the company and their teams. Pay between men and women is still not equal, they get around that by using different job titles.
Difficult to push software releases out due to company size and regulatory requirements, difficult to move within the company to different positions, position can be burningout
Benefits have been scaled back some over the last few years. Job can be intense. Not a place where you can coast - need to work hard to make it. Some managers very metric-based
Nothing special. Just a big company with all that bureaucracy .
Because of the size of the company there are good managers and not so good managers, best way to deal with that is to vote with your feet. Because of the large scale of the products that you work on its difficult to measure the direct impact that you make.
Work life balance, bad decisions under previews CEO
Thye are using the worst recruiting company VMC to find them workers. VMC pay is really bad. No benefits, nothing.
- Can be hard to navigate the org chart to know what everyone is working on - Teams often work on things that step in each other's toes - You work for the big and evil Microsoft
Archaic performance review system that breeds competitiveness. Not a lot of opportunity for growth.
full of politics. Indians drive away others
High stress, long work days, devops on-call rotations suck, saw abusive behavior by upper management to lower ranks, lots of workaholics.
Its a big company so if you're looking for edgy and hip its not the company for you (unless you want to learn your trade).
They seem to be forced to remove a certain percentage of their team based on a curve, independent of how well everyone is doing.
It seems like most people they hire as contract workers do not get hired on full time, since there are so many people, everyone has one job and it becomes repetitive because people do it over and over again. Little opportunity to try new things
It seems that Microsoft is always working through some sort of re-org (layoffs) so it can be difficult working in an environment where you are constantly worried about whether your job will be there tomorrow.
There are still many many layers and multiple groupd trying to do the same feature making it difficult to articulate the story
- Microsoft's OpenSource culture is still an infant. A lot of company's time is wasted in reinventing the wheel due to the lack of a proper culture for reusing what already is available as a third party library. Hopefully this will get better over time but at slow pace. - It is harder to make your contribution visible due to the nature of big companies. - If you end up working in old product teams (e.g., Office) you may end up maintaining old code that you inherit and so you won't learn much new technologies.
Less ownership and less self driven things
My reason for leaving was that the priority shifted over the years from creating great product for customers, to "who can stab you in the back quickest to rise in their careers".
fair payment , busy and active
Too big, overlap in roles, silos, too much time spent on internal alignment, exec reviews etc.
Too fast pace for me
manager support when development has peaked
Politics Too Many Managers and PM creating a Bureaucratic Nightmare Anti-MSFT makes it hard to transfer to another company Lack of diversity
Annual stock bonus is very small unless you are very high in the ladder. Compensation falls drastically after joining bonus + stocks are vested.
Bad cafeteria, bad tooling, some level of attrition. Salary comoared to fb and google and amazon is lower.
career advancement opportunities seem to be limited
Bureaucratic, slow, product overlap creates inertia,
Not many cons as I was just interning....
Work/life balance, advancement opportunities for the business support discipline
- You only move up if you are political - Underperformers getting promoted over those excelling - If you get a bad manager (which happens 60% of the time), your job sucks
Most software engineering and development jobs are in Redmond. Difficult to find the resources in such a large and diverse company.
- Time consuming - Sometimes life balance is not fair
Junk food in office, hot room
Too much rewriting stuff and some groups are slow shipping new code.
Pay lots of lip service to inclusion and collaboration, but it is not reflective of the actions in my group. The leadership creates narratives to make them look good at the expense of the team. Transparency is minimal and there is a lot of hoarding of information to set people up for failure.
Not committed to the people.
There were no downsides I enjoyed all the hard work.
After some days, you will be doing the same job again and again. Some times it gets boring. We need some challenge to learn more.
If you work in Redmond (I am in Bellevue, so this does not apply to me), I could see it being difficult getting to your building if you are not driving, as it is larger than the average college campus.
Brutally target-driven culture, similar to some of the more vicious sales roles I've seen. Stack ranking is gone but the mindset is still prevalent. Engagement Managers would put Associates on projects they were unqualified for or were in the wrong subject matter area, just to achieve utilization targets.
Hours are not so good, products are forced out without proper understanding
Too much politics, not much innovation
Competitive, satalite office, difficult, aggressive
Can't think of any, my time at Microsoft were the best days I have ever encountered
Review system still is broken even though they say it has changed. Behind the curtain it remains a mess. Employees if they stay too long in groups get stuck and have to leave.
too far from end-user requirements
Big company, lots of process
Work / life balance is minimal.
the hours can be long
The experience varies hugely by department. I found IT to be full of people who are coasting until retirement. The Sales department has frantic schedules and unrealistic expectations for delivering on huge numbers.
Work life balance can be difficult especially as a traveling consultant
Working late hours is a given.
According to Glassdoor, I am underpaid.
Long hours are often required and can be difficult for family life. The budget process is frustrating at times and so is the employee review process.
Not really much, everything is okay
The lack of practical support to move between disciplines is a damper. While things have changed for better in this area, more can be done.
Naturally a lot of opportunities and decision-making power comes from Redmond.
Still too hard to move across teams Not all teams / individuals are evolving with the company culture "Old Microsoft" types make collaboration more painful than it has to be
Depending on the organization within the company you work in, experiences can vary. I've had issues with how upper management approaches problems, our engineering systems, and the process it takes to get work done. Compensation doesn't feel as good as other big tech companies in the are.
Missed the tide in mobile space
Upper management out of touch with reality of the work. Middle management and up runs the company by scorecard only. Virtually no first hand experience or street smarts to drive key decisions. Company wants to get younger, cheaper. Trendy Amazon model of burn hot and burn out in 2 years. Good for stock price, bad for employees.
It takes a long time to get promotions and there are too many layers of management. Many people's jobs are duplicative.
Big companies are slow to make big changes, though MS is making huge strides
The competitive nature of the review model. Though teamwork is valued, there's always an underlying pressure to do better than your peers. That's a disconnect.
Difficult to move around depending on your business org
Work life can be very demanding and isn't recommended for people looking for an "easy job" - The program manager role requires skills beyond just technical acumen
Some nepotism in terms of like minded individuals hired by managers.
nothing is unprofessional. overall good
Salary does not seem to be as competitive as with other tech companies of similar size. On-call in some teams very stressful.
I don't see any downsides.
I can't really think of any, perhaps seasonal depression from working in Seattle but besides that its all good
No engineering culture what so ever. Not a place to learn how to become a great engineer. Bad tools, and very low quality bar. Brand name has eroded very much and all the great engineers are leaving in masses to join other top tier companies. Senior leadership doesn't care about anyone or anything but themselves.
Less learning Slow at times Too many meeting
The "sexy" products are fiercely competitive. Much of the time in meetings is a waste and there is a huge duplication of effort between various teams.
So many things have changed since I have worked at MSFT my cons are most likely out of date these days.
Pretty quick/demanding environment which sometimes might translate into being in a rush
I don't have a lot of cons here. Teams are working better together than before. There are times where it's difficult to tell what other teams are working on.
company sometimes feels too big - not aware of other stuff going on, internal tools sometimes seem outdated, internal process sometimes heavy (when working with other teams only)
1.No free lunches :) 2. The office layouts are old style and people usually get crammed into small offices. Should promote open workspace
Unfortunately, this is still a retail position.
work life balance is poor.
"Death march". When the release is completely screwed up, management drives the workers to get the product out the door. This screws up the work-life balance of the workers and the compensation is not worth it. Management will of course be compensated just fine, thank you! Stock prices hasn't gone anywhere in 15 years.
Very Redmond-centric. The company hires and promotes people from within mostly.
Scope can be a bit small for IC levels which can be frustrating, but going deep in that scope is rewarded.
Way too inwardly focused Managers (Especially GM's) managing from a fear and job preservation perspective Large Enterprise Selling Segment Seriously Broken Working to win versus working to change lives and business for the betterment of mankind Talent level in Sales has dropped massively due to comp and management issues Scorecards far too tactical and driving the wrong behaviors - GM's gaming the system Dynamics Teams never should have been mainstreamed. Different business and different type rep needed to articulate vision. SFDC still winning all strategic deals unless MSFT buys the deal! Middle Management under qualified
There is no work life balance, and from what I see the east cost market has issues with hiring managers so many stores fail, oppose to the west coast.
Hard to get promotion when there are so many employees.
Retail Store Hours - Specifically for the retail stores, thus doesn't apply to corporate positions. Also, there are minimal opportunities to move up in position/rank within your own store. In order to move up into management, you'd have to relocate.
Things move slowly, lots of internal tools for everything, little to no documentation - most of the time you have to ask around if you want to find out something.
Competition with other talented people. Friendly management and perspective for growth. Nice and warm atmosphere of cooperation and synergy giving the warm felling and will for work.
Agility is something that is not coming easy for sleepy giant who is waking up....
Agility is something that is not coming easy for sleepy giant who is waking up....
* Really big company, easy to feel lost in the crowd * If you've enjoyed working at startups or small companies, you won't get that here * Lots of politics and posturing, managers rarely want your opinion, just the answers to their questions
So many opportunities, so little time...
No free food. Rainy days can be quite a lot during winter time. Also culture can be quite different from team to team.
A monoculture - if there is a sense that you might be a Republican, you will likely get managed out. If you like your job and just want to keep doing it, you will get managed out. If you are a white male and they find a minority or female candidate, you will likely be fired in order to make the quota. They don't hide this fact - quotas are published, headcount is shrinking - the only way the math works is to force out white males. If you take advantage of the great vacation/leave benefits, you will get a terrible review. Whatever you do, if you are a male - DO NOT TAKE YOUR 12 WEEKS PARENTAL LEAVE!!!
New Review process is very much the same as the old one. Your manager can make or break your career and there are, quite frankly, many people in management that shouldn't be there.  Nepotism, favoritism and bias are all present (as with many large companies). When they are ready for you to go, they will nitpick to no end. The things that you're penalized for would, in some cases, get others promoted. Microsoft really seems to love the boisterous. If you're a worker bee or introvert, this may not be the place for you. The loud person who's always talking and making promises, yet saying nothing and hardly ever delivering on the promises, are the ones who are favored, rewarded and promoted.  If you ever get a review where you receive no rewards (no bonus, stock or raise), your career at Microsoft is virtually over. Start looking elsewhere.
Boring weeks, extremely slow processes, the company is always the last to enter the competition. The Redmond campus is in the middle of nowhere.
The work can sometimes be demanding. It is not really demanding in the sense that it consumes your personal life, but more so in that it can be really tedious. This is not much of a con if you already expect it.
Too much focused in technologies specific to Microsoft only, though things are changing and there are lots of good open source projects. Work life balance is not good any more. However, hard work is well rewarded in Microsoft.
Bask stabbing colleagues, clicks and management favoritism. If you kiss managements rear end and are in the club you get high scores on their joke of employee review process. Otherwise you are screwed and hung out to dry. Wouldn't work there again.
Too many Legacy systems Bloated engineering org
Releases are rushed, which leads to (usually 1-3) months where you are working nights and weekends to get a feature developed before the code complete deadline. Then the feature still doesn't ship for another 6-9 months after. Getting stuff done is slow.
Too centralized, office politics in the management level and sometimes a lot of ignorance. It is likely to be left out of the decision making, if not physically in Redmond.
Moving between projects is not easy.
While leadership has changed for the better, the layers right below it still.comprise of old timers that have made their fortune in the "Windows first" era - depending the area you work on, this can stifle innovation.
Aging technologies and work flows. Politics is a necessary game to get promoted past Senior.
Extremely competitive. In some cases the same work would be given to more than one person to see who would do it best.
The company's structure is so big that it sometimes it takes a long time to actually develop or achieve something.
some people still influenced by the old managerial style
As with most very large corporations, Microsoft can be slow moving and bureaucratic. It is critical to get to know people across groups and build your network.
a big company needs to be agile with the industry, and that means that the start and stop businesses. You need to be flexible, because there may be a change in your group and you might need to find another job within the company if you stay at the company a long time.
No available permanent office. Office supply is not stocked well.
It's a big company. Operations and procedures are slow. Communication within the company is hard, especially for remote offices (not in Redmond, WA). I don't feel passionate about my product (Enterprise & Cloud) but it's definitely an interesting and money-generating space.  The stack rank/hierarchy is annoying. People will automatically default to the wishes of their manager, without thinking of the product's potential.  I can't see myself here for more than a few years, but I feel I'll learn a lot while I'm here.
Very rare to find a good people manager. Rewards calibration system is a stack-ranking exercise and even very talented people with good results lose out if their manager doesn't champion them sufficiently.
Worklife balance. Also require folks to sell every product vs. becoming a specialist for our focus product. Complicated Licensing.
Management team overlooks the amount of work they assign.
They hire and fire regularly. It's hard to find a safe job unless you're a higher up.
Internal processes and metric organizational structure can take up a lot of time to manage and therefore less time focusing on the customers.
Limited potential for lateral movement in the organization
company identity - or lack thereof
Too big and has multiple focus.
* depending on where in the company, speed of decision making and execution can feel very slow
Inauthentic leadership that are focused on their own success and not building and supporting strong teams. A lot of lip service is paid to attitude and collaboration but in reality the culture is highly political and divisive.
Cross department transparency could be better
many different groups competing against each other. low level management overhead no value
- Hiring quality is not uniform. Not all hires are of excellent quality - Management is still somewhat risk-averse - Engineering practices and agility seems lower than our competitors, specifically Amazon and Google.Though there has been a recent push for quality over merely shipping new features quickly - Certain products such as Windows Phone leave die-hard Microsoft fans (our most important customers) disappointed. We should make sure we don't deliver half-assed me-too products into the market
Too big to be efficient
decision process is slow. need more EQ effort to move the ball than IQ
Its hard to make a meaningful impact on the company since its so large. The food could be better.
get pigeon holed into a specific role
18month contract Limit. And Peer review makes it very challengling
Its easier for higher growth if you are a manager but unfortunately its tough to become a manager since they have flattened out the org
In Redmond, commute is not great when coming from the city. Not great visibility to Management's decisions, but hasn't been too much an issue.
Long working hours and stress
Under-paid by industry standards Lots of red tape lots of internal disputes
* Politics * Really old developer tools. * Reinventing the wheel over an over and over and over and over again. * Slow development * Can be frustrating if you come from opensource world. * If you don't love MS stuff, It can be a nightmare. You must love IE for example :/ or accept it at least.
Nothing to say for this part
I was put in the Bellevue building, which has less of an intern community than redmond
Wtih the elimination of the test discipline at Microsoft, I think they've lost something special. Test people are the customer advocate and when everyone is a developer, there can be a tendency to focus just on shipping as fast as possible. and leaving quality secondary.
Middle management is completely clueless due to lack of experience. Opportunity for advancement/visibility is granted primarily to females Promotions are based on who managers have a previous friendship with. Bing has consistently missed their targets this year
No clear vision from management Tons of politics You simply move mountains to secure a decision on something
The position of Enterprise Strategy Consultant is supposed to be an Enterprise Architect role, but the sales staff in nearly every market has no visibility at all to senior business leaders, making it nearly impossible for Microsoft to get people engaged in doing Enterprise Architecture work. If you are a TECHNICAL architect, you'll do fine in MCS but if you are actually an Enterprise Architect or Business Architect, Microsoft Consulting Services will NOT be a good place to work.
Cultures can vary greatly from one team to the next. Make sure you like the team's culture when you decide to join
As I left we had transitioned to strange team structure that made it difficult to figure out what you would be working on in the next product cycle. Location in Redmond is great for people with families, but not so much if you happen to be younger and single.
Office Politics Job Security Trickle Down Effect
Still lots of internal politics.
Mid management is filled with people who have no contribution and thrive on politics.
Review process needs work. Many times you're being rewarded either months after the fact, or your management is performing calibration well before the year which you're being compensated for is even completed.
Need more flexibility in remote working
Management wasn't prepared well enough to open a brand new store.
Culture of one - not very team oriented. People out for themselves - willing to screw a customer if they could get away with it.
Failure is not an option
nothing as such for the cons part for the microsoft programme.
Too many teams doing the same work. Not enough ownership on mistakes. Teams continue to build empires and silo themselves off.
Too hard to move up
Work life balance can be difficult. In an event-centric space, travel and time is demanding. The normal 9-5 workday does not really exist in this space. It's worth it.
review system not fair - manager skills is not up to expectation
Professional services team treated different that non-professional services
* Annual payroll amount for Healthcare went from $0 to $5K in recent years, no one remembers or even considers this a problem. Thanks Obamacare! And my wife's doctor and my doctor have retired in the past year in their own words because of the mess in healthcare regulations. * Stack Ranking went from Overt to Covert in my organization. Employees spend most of their capital to get 'recognized' for their own work vs. working with others to have all of us succeed. * Therefore, it's changed back to being 'too competitive' to be enjoyable any longer. * way, way too many india vendors and employees have come in thru the visa programs. We are flooded with HCL and other large vendor companies bring more and more india vendors onboard, and I approve and fill out all these documents to support it. Still struggle after the past 5+ years of this model, to get even 1/2 the productivity and value from a co-worker or vendor than all the peers that were laid off in this time and are still struggling to work out there. * I know many that it were laid off that it broke their spirit and confidence soo much. Still sad. * Managing healthcare bills is so much more complex and time consuming that several years ago when Premera did this. It takes much more work time away from the job to tack and re-submit and deal with these items. Again, nobody is listening as I always submit the feedback and they only say 'this is the new normal'....and some other excuse.
This place can be a relentless sweatshop depending upon what team you work on. In many ways some individuals in key leadership positions are clueless.
No cons at all at this company.Good work experience and nice culture. Helpful people. Projects are relevant to what a person has studied and achieved in the past.
Pressure to produce, adapt or drown
Engineering systems need a overhaul
did not have any cons
dont have anything bad about it
No Cons at the current time
Not too many. The only one I can think of is that they don't coddle employees with extra benefits like free food as other companies in the area do. That's it really.
- too many reorg - need luck to land a good team/manager/project - Diversity is getting less, replaced by politics or political correctness - MSFT is getting open space too, some rude people become annoying
Can be quite stressful at times
Not enough personnel on weekends and holidays. Always shifting their responsibilities on others. Negative attitudes, not approachable, or helpful. They tend to hire more inexperience employees than experienced. So the turnover rate is extremely. Lack of communication or relationship building from Human Resource Dept. No kind of Grace with tardies or absenteeism. No support or concern.
Long hours. Not enough family time
i have to go to work everyday
Microsoft is a big company, so your experience will depend highly on your team. I had a great time though, and so did almost everyone I knew.
Health Insurance is not so great, and there are politics because it's such a big company and if you're not on a decent product consider your career to be stagnant.
It was hood and tough
Under pay, politics, reorg, respond a little bit slow to external change, product quality drop
Lot of bureaucracy... Promotion is slow. Make sure you negotiate well while accepting the offer. Annual bonus is not upto the mark
1. Cannot be fast-paced. There is a lot of inherent overhead and the company is trying to be fast-paced but is struggling 2. Some places in the company try to mimic Agile in unwanted ways - trying to release large client software in unnecessary faster cadence 3. Be prepared for organic growth.
volume of work is paralyzing
Change is painful. The strategies to do so require some layoffs and reorganizations. So, some are impacted.
Stupid Geeks in the team Organized project disaster Lack of focus Outsourced team members not up to speed causes delays Poor leadership
Nothing really, if you don't mind working for Microsoft
Bureaucracy. Lack of innovation. Can be difficult to change jobs.
Microsoft has evolved a little bit into a large company (since my start nearly a decade ago). It has its share of excellent teams and mediocre-performing teams (even if the team's charter sounds like rocket science). Be willing to move around a little bit to find the perfect fit for you.
volume of work is paralyzing
Corporate vs field poilitics made it impossible to win, constantly pittted between local business partners and corporate groups who had differing agendas, Insurance benefits were super expensive
Competitive environment, long hour, work-life-balance can be a challenge.
I don't enjoy the push to become more diverse as an organization for the sake of diversity. I think the organization should seek the most qualified individual for specific roles and jobs. If we have the opportunity to bring in personnel that are experienced and qualified and also represent diverse groups, then all the better for groups and the organization as a whole.
difficult to execute, lot of politics.
Not everyone in your team might have ownership and commitment with the projects so you might take a lot of more work sometimes.
Lots of reorganizations and lots of management turnover. This can slow your progress toward promotions and create ambiguity around team goals. It can also tamp down perceived results at review time. On a separate note, as across tech in general, work pressure has stepped up in the last couple years or so.
There is not real con.
It's a really big company and so building a network inside the company to move your career in the direction you want it to go is important. This is not necessarily a con, but it does mean that you have to work harder to grow.
Team dynamics and people challenges make it harder to do your best.
Always looked down upon by other tech companies
Bureaucracy at Corp HQ slows things down.
New review system is ambiguous, with new system I went from consistently good reviews to mixed reviews.
This may sound like "sour grapes" due to recently being laid off by them, but here goes. (Note, most of this has to do with the last group I was in. I hope many others find this NOT to be true.)  * No loyalty: After 10+ years, I came in one day and was let go with FIVE days to find a new job internally. HR doesn't even move that fast! It wasn't performance-based (it came as a surprise to my manager, too) and via the black box that is HR I can only speculate why I was let go: politics? ageism? racism? I was too short? randomly? etc...  * Management in some orgs view devs as indistinct work units. "For project X I need Y people." Talent, experience, etc. doesn't matter as much anymore, just someone with a pulse that's breathing and knows C#.  * Politics. Sure, most places have it, but my last position was the first time I've seen retributive actions taken by senior management to get rid of less-than-supportive team members (not me).  * Cronyism: I've seen my teammates not get funding for plane travel from his hometown to campus (Redmond) once every 3-6 months and thus traveled via bus. Meanwhile friends of senior management fly home weekly to California. Friends and the "good ol' boys" are more important than the business or fairness. Even while I was getting laid off, certain "good ol' boys" were still hiring their friends from outside Microsoft.  * Sexism: Our group's leadership were entirely comprised of Indian males. Unfortunately India has a prevalent sexist culture in many places, and this was transferred to our group. I have Indian friends (male and female) who agree with me, so please don't accuse me of being racist. The women in our group were frequently marginalized and one quit after being told to "shut up and be quiet" during a meeting. Not wishing to cause waves none of them wanted the bother and hassle of reporting it to HR so they just left.  * Lack of support for remote folks. It's the 21st Century and some entire orgs have a "no remote" policy.
Nothing I can think of
Slow. Everyone starts at the bottom
Huge internal politics and internal competition is demotivating. Satya's work to change company culture is helping some, but there is a long way to go to change behavior of management.
hard to impact sales being on corp HQ side
Teams often competing for territory make it challenging to drive to shared goals.
- The company tends to chase taillights of competitors - Investments spread thin. Not enough focus on quality
You get rewarded for what you can bring to the table today, not for your growth potential. And if your project is not a shiny new thing or not a big source of revenue, expect it to be cut very soon.
Lacking benefits of equivalent companies
Directors who are more concerned with solidifying their position in the company than mentoring, helping, supporting their direct reports.  Combative vs. collaborative mindset.  Corporate marketing dictates to the world (local markets) too much not allowing those in the field to do what needs to be done.  To much covering your butt instead of concentrating on customer value, customer wins, customer loyalty.
The carrer plan is not clear to all jobs.
Data Center employees are contractors and should be MS empoyees.
Middle Management and Organizational complacency abound.  Vision for company changes almost quarterly. Big bets like Nokia & Skype get scrapped or changed so much that the business units end up failing all together.
Really big company so sometimes hard to pin who to ask things
Long hours are sometimes necessary to get your work done but that in every job.
Limited locations to work at
A bit of a big company
gotta know how to play the political games if you want to break through 63
Politics. Politics. Politics. Every team is trying to do the right thing for the company, but would step on every other team to advance their goals. Redmond. It's an awful commute from Seattle proper.
Large corporation politics that can at times be extremely frustrating, particularly for high performers who have to be bothered with navigating.
to be compensated well you need to put in lot of hours and often the work is work internal engineering work
Too much politics - this will be the company's downfall.
Bureocracy, no team spirit, no information sharing, personal contribution only
Long time to make your way to the top or be hard. The employees that have between there for a long time have more say and just have an edge because they know the tricks of the trade
No Cons, benefits were excellent.
Being a contingent staff. No enough considerations for subs.
Need more collaboration. If possible they can match the silicon valley salaries and perks. Also they can be more clear on device strategy
-Lack of Focus -No strategy, still flying blind in many areas -Company has been preaching data driven decision making but this is still a company that uses top down decision making, without much respect for data
Difficult to Move Professionally to other positions
somewhat slow paced, low pay
Way too bureaucratic and overly matrixed. Too much shared ownership results in no one owning anything. So much internal focus on providing reports to upper management that compromises customer interaction and execution.
Advancement can be slow and the level system is designed more to control cost than develop employees.
As with any large company, it can be difficult to gain visibility for the great work that is happening in a group or individually. Cross company collaboration can also suffer.
Work life balance needs to be focused kn
Slow moving, very large org
Each promotion takes a long time.
You definitely need to own your career and actively manage your network in order to move up and around the business. If you are not careful, you can get "typecast" in a particular role and function. Keep updating your skills, keep learning, and don't stay in one place too long.
A lot of pressure to perform. Reviews twice a year and it was important to make sure you are current with all the changing technologies and new management styles.
Bad upper management and work expectations
Nature of work depends on the team
Decisions take some time to trickle down in such a large organization
..only management who is so carried away with trying to do the right thing. The only question is who are we doing the right thing for?
The stack ranked review model used has a tendency to foster non-cooperative behavior.
A lot of unnecessary jobs and functions leading to competing charter and confusing collaboration.
Lots of old-timers to compete against for promotion, have to get over not being Google or Amazon.
many people at msft are stagnant, focused on maintaining tenure vs changing the market, significant internal politicking and cross-divisional infighting.
Salary is not competitive. Culture need to be more close to morden company
they should move to seattle vs. redmond
Some legacy leaders are stale and need to move out. When hiring to a new position check that leaders are truly leading not just managing their portfolio.
- Lot's of meetings - Compensation is not competitive
stressful environment. employees on all levels feel insecure about their job. working between 50 to 85 hours a week. work/life balance almost non-existent....up to 25% travel and late night calls with overseas are the norm. Numerous daily/weekly scorecards and status reports to upper management are common ....data manipulation and wishful thinking is an accepted practice while preparing the reports. Burnt-out senior employees are replaced with fresh college graduates (college graduates are sent for month long business travel at a time). Alcohol consumption during business hours and group meetings is an accepted practice (this can be a Pro for some). Annual employee evaluations are based on stacked ranking (the evaluation is not called by this name) which results in noticeable employee turn over and caustic culture within and among groups.
Stressful environment, is not easy to manage when it comes to ship it.
Review methodology, a very large company and slower to go after new opportunities.
Salary could be better, poor management
None I can think of
Various teams with different product you can select if tied about current role/team, a lot of smart people to work in a daily basis.
The structure of hierarchies can be rather frustrating - managemnt is completely intransparent when it comes to product development, with zero opportunity given to contractr staff to have a voice is critizing management or planning.
- Too many meetings - Moves really slow - Office Politics
One of my CTS buddies put it this way: "Its like Microsoft has all of the ingredients to make the best dinner ever. When you get there you discover it is just mac 'n' cheese. It's good, but your left with the question of 'Why?'"
strategy, self centered, HR, middle management, politics
1. Considered obsolete by outsiders
Too many bureocratic processes that can lead to internal problems and later to customer disatisfaction
Some managers set high bars for their interns (mostly first time intern-takers).
Sometimes the smart people disagree and hedge or block each others work to the point of stalemate. The higher you go in the org, the more politics. If you work in the cloud division, expect long hours.
Not agile environment due to layers of management, not best collaboration, like to get rid of staff that hasn't moved up but been there a long time so they can replace with someone earning less, not very loyal, expect long working hour,
limited work life balance, bad management that seems to manage up but doesn't care about the people who do the actual work
Managers are just rediculous. And staff is two faced. They tell you to go to them if you need help, when they secretly report to managers about anything and everything you do. Do not trust anyone here.  Asinine writeups for things they do countless times, such as a manager daily would drop the F bomb multiple times a day and say other bad words as well, when we get written up for an accidental slip up swear.  Manager asked me if she wasn't putting out after I had a conversation with my female friend. If I said this about their husband or wife, I'd be fired instantly.  Manager would constantly harass me for asking questions when first starting employment, then get angry that I asked questions, just wanted to make sure I did my job correct. (I have aspergers)  When I confronted the manager who harassed me I was told I'm not thinking growth mindset and It's my job.... it's my job to be harassed because I asked questions? Terrible.  I have two jobs. Working 6 am and Microsoft all the way till 10 pm. They would hold me later at night because they wouldn't have their stuff together and would make people go on overtime when they aren't even suppose to. Very unorganized. So I get 5 hours of sleep because they fail at their jobs?  Manager also would complain I wasn't following the steps of service... which I did by the book, got a 10/10 review as well as a full attachment item. And they still complain, never would they try and give positive feedback.  When I asked about the feedback problem why they are always negative, they say I can't take constructive criticism. It's always negative, even if you do things right.  Over 70% of the employees there hate it, and are only there because of the company benifits. Most are looking for a new job.  Manager would make non racial problems into racial problems because of insecurities.  I was discriminated agaisnt, and even told them of my aspergers before applying to the job.  One thing that really blows my mind.. they tell you to enforce a no chair policy when sitting near xbox section. When I enforced this policy, the customer was unhappy about it and I was written up for "talking bad against the customer" When I never said any word to him. All I did was ask a manager if they needed to be moved to confirm what they told me before.  This place is a joke, the turnover and employees is a joke, they leave and get fired because this place is run by jokes. Retail management wad the worst here than any other place I worked for.
Things could move a bit faster
Nothing I can think of
Pay is rough Customers blame you for every problem they have with their computers Topics for workshops are never taught to us
Large company bureaucracy. Lots of mediocre employees.
Technical conversations down in the weeds, no solution or value selling. Little training. Very email centric culture, slow to adopt new technology.
Not many cons that I can think of. Very good program. Would love more face time with professionals.
1) Bureaucracy abounds. 2) No free food. :( 3) Snail's pace development.
Large, Slow Moving, At the Twilight
Quick changes in management and Work LIfe Balance not upto the mark
Limited upward movement from retail, there are programs like retail to MACH, but do not offer any sort of security. Increase in pay is between 0-4% after a yearly review, average is 2%.
you need to be career oriented and political
Learning curve can be difficult (especially due to over-usage of acronyms), huge orgs can result in reinvention of the wheel if lines of communication are not good.
The projects are unnecessarily delayed due to management processes.
Mid-level management roles are given out without sufficient training, meaning that political positioning often wins over individual contributions, and cross-team collaboration continues to be under appreciated.
Goals were not always aligned between groups. always doing 80% and leaving 20% on the table no one wants to go 100%
they suck at interviews. just taking this review for membership of glassdoor
Lots of travel, long days
The culture and attributes can depend very heavily on the group one works in, since Microsoft is such a huge company. The positive experience I have had may not reflect across all business units.
Different groups vary greatly.
My career was spent entirely within the Office organization so all comments here reflect that experience: * Depending on work from a partner team can be risky, especially if the partner team is in a different division. For example, if the other division has a substantial re-org, the work you were counting on may no longer be a priority. * Performance assessment sometimes reduces to a nebulous "level of impact and influence" * Shipped products will be deprecated or changed to something incompatible without a good path to an alternative. This is especially problematic for customers but can be demoralizing for employees as well.
Disregard for employees and customers. Concerned only with the bottom line.
It's a huge company. It's inevitable that sometimes you feel like a number, but overall this didn't happen to often. Different business groups have vastly different cultures.
I can't say much about the cons. It was one of the best internships I ever had. It was a fun experience.
The traditional downsides of a large company - bureaucracy and being a small player in a very large company.
Stressful and long hours. It is very competitive. Additionally, pressure can build up because of the work culture.
politics, narrow project scope, meetings
re-orgs / too big /
The gloomy winters can be a challenge if you're working in the Seattle area offices. Get a light box and take vacations throughout the year.
none to note at this time
Terrible review model though they say company has moved on from it but if you received a bad review even as a result of bad management situation your review retains on the HR system any time you apply for a new open positions. HR creates a road block for the hiring manager to get Leadership approval even though they claim Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer.
Too large and innovation happens only in pockets
If you are not a direct employee, it is modern slavery in mountain view ca. The characterization group is no product people. They have not idea of the design process or even know what they want in the first place . This is a kinder garden science fair where they think bullying works to strike innovation from seasoned product people. Is disrespecting people a real culture you want mr CEO???
Face challenges to fit in the mobile world. Compensations and benefits are good, but not great comparing to the leaders in the industry.
Slow response to change due to politics
I had a manager who micro managed. They are the worst kind because they hire someone who can do their job well yet don’t let them do it. They will also try and take the credit if the person they hired has done something great for the company. They usually have fear another person is out there ready to take their job. They usually get close to one or two people and those people are her/his spy. These kinds of managers will add stress to your life and make the whole workplace pitted against one another ( the old united we stand divided we fall ) . They like it when employees don’t get along because that gives them more control. I quit a job because of an idiot manager like this. Many told HR what she was doing but HR dropped the ball and never did anything about it and that is why there was always a high turnover there.
Not a lot of career growth for employees at the company. There is no grooming or succession plans for new management, and oftentimes colleagues are pitted against each other to interview for their old manager's boss ... just to have an external candidate get the job.
District management and account teams experience and effectiveness varies from district to district. Pressure is applied constantly and unrealistic goals set at times
Can be a political atmosphere, inconsistent transparency around services roadmap, many re-organizations disrupting normal business flow
No feeling of security - all groups trying to downscale vendors
Lack of ability to be agile and respond to market changes rapidly - Windows is nowhere near really being WaaS yet. Large group dynamics can make decision making difficult and cumbersome
Humongous company so hard to make a unique mark
Not all divisions are metrics based.
It's hard to take advantage of all the opportunities and still feel productive.
There are a lot of teams out there who are still working under the old Microsoft style. Be sure to do your research about the team in advance. Salaries are not as competitive when compared to Facebook and Google.
inter team or org movement can be painstakingly slow and frustrating. Bit of red tape here and there.
Recent job cuts/RIFs are destabilizing and hurtful to morale. Stock is not on fire if that's what you're looking for!
No cons yet- will update if changes.
There is nothing bad about it.
Work life balance is not good.
- Nothing that sticks out for me
Too many people, too little work.
Windows is a sinking ship. There are some bad managers. No upward direct feedback possible. Unpublicized, targeted layoffs are happening all over the place, impacting morale, focus and performance. This is especially so after Satya Nadella became CEO.
Frequent reorgs, frequent moves, frequent project changes
Typical corporate culture where optics matter a lot.
it really depends on your manager, for your whole experience. if you don't wind up with a good one, you may have issues advancing
Slow career advancement for technical track. Technical people has no way up unless becoming a first-line manager, which leads to bad lower and mid-management. Once a great IC is promoted, we lose a great IC and have a new mediocre manager.  Too many PM doing nothing and just slowing things down. Upper management has no vision.  Legacy code base and technology that no one else use outside of Microsoft. After working at Microsoft too long, you will become unemployable.  Toxic Politics drag everything down.
size of the company not always allows to have a broader areas of responsibilities and bigger impact
I will come back to this.
Redundancy in work. Some teams are driven by external ideas
114K employees means there will be bureaucracy. If you're coming from a GSD startup mentality, the CYA, over-reporting, status meeting about status meetings could bug you. For the Bay Area, the pay is good but not amazing, there's no grand slam upside of a startup (even if those chances are slim) and it feels like the real career advancements are in Redmond.
Test forced to combine into devs makes both party unhappy
Some MSFT businesses are growing (Azure, O365) while others are declining (Windows). Life can be difficult if you are aligned with one of the declining businesses that is forced to reduce costs as a result of shrinking revenue. Despite Satya Nadella's effort to change the culture, politics and fiefdoms are still deeply embedded.
Nothing much to whine about
*In certain pockets of business, there's a lot of status quo / complacency *Sometimes too much process and analysis paralysis
Very bureaucratic. Telecommuting is frowned upon.
Very large and political company, hierarchical, review process is inefficient and difficult to assess where you are relative to peers, too focused on short term compensation at lower levels of company
Large company politics are everywhere.
Work life balance is godawful. Expect to work late/weekends 4-5x/week in certain orgs.
I DONT LIKE THE BSOD
-Politics in the management hampers the growth opportunities.
Not AGILE at all. This 'big ship' does not turn quickly at all, as a result many clients get very frustrated. Clients did not like contract reviews as MSFT refused to 'Red-Line' adjust any contract language. Too bureaucratic and can be political. Many of the diversity hires I worked with are not qualified at all, especially in MSFT Consulting Services (MCS)
The company was stocked with brilliant well educated people from around the world who each wanted to be the alpha dog.
low salary compared to competition, stock doesn't go anywhere
Co-workers spread across the world
Slow to respond to market changes
None, highly energized environment that is challenging
Microsoft is a huge company, and it's hard to keep up with what's going on.
use c# language, company reaction is slow, café food is bad
bureaucracy, hierarchy, and difficult to get things done outside of engineering
PM-driven organization so shipping something on schedule is typically more important than shipping something that's great for customers.
at risk of layoff always
Long hours of work, work pressure
Speed to market can be slow, mostly due to compliance requirements. Bureaucracy often slows things down.
Extreme focus required. Hours are hard to manage with levels of responsibility given.
work life balance is hard when rotating shifts
Politics, politics, politics. Too many product decisions in large organizations are driven top-down by management, who doesn't have enough insight or visibility to make the right decisions.
Favoritism at the district levels. Not all employees treated equally. Poor evaluation process. Training is very weak.
Bureaucracy can sometimes stifle product development, large org 'slowness'
there are absolutely none ☺
Lots of smart people who wants to leave MS.
There are still remnants of "Ballmer's Microsoft" in places, where people are still acting in old ways. Some people still don't "get" open source, and hate the very idea of it. Luckily, you can usually ignore them and get your job done anyways. When you have to do work that doesn't involve engineers, there's a good chance that you'll waste a lot of time talking about something without ever doing anything. If you find yourself in that situation a lot, you need to change your role ASAP.
Politics, HR Policies restricting existing employees from moving to positions they are capable of. Easier to quit and come back than to get the correct position you deserve.
The culture is not the same in all divisions. You need to choose the division that fits you well
a lot of reorgs, and old folks hanging around without much talent. Things move very slowly
The company, and the Finance group along with it, is in the midst of transition. Specifically within the Finance pipe, there seems to be a lot of resistance or friction for movement. I get the sense that folks are waiting for the other shoe to drop, and are holding back from doing any more than they have to, and managing out of fear.  And in spite of the comms to the contrary, managers are not interested in diverse opinions or the truth. If you don't agree and go along, you will not be here long.  For newer/junior folks, it's probably fine. For senior managers, who have insulated and protected themselves, it's fine. For everyone in the middle, there is not a lot of opportunity for advancement or stability.
Tension between teams, organizational mess, non transparent review
Bureaucracy - With so many layers in the organization things are bound to get lost in the shuffle, or muddled by middle management. Most of the time it's fine and management does a good job shielding SDEs from churn, changing priorities, etc... but too often do developers get hit by reorgs, and if you're unlucky it can really affect your career path. It is hard to gain a lot of momentum and good feedback when you're being shuffled from place to place.
lack of commitment, and the environment was more team than individual. insurance was ok
the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. too big and hard to make impact. aggressive culture where everyone is out for themselves.
Matrix'd. Many overlapping teams. Lots of redundancy. New leadership is committed to rationalizing and streamlining this however.
continuous reorganizations and transition to new managers can impact career growth
No free lunch and dinner.
no real cons to be honest. potentially products could be updated more often leading to better security
Slow growth. Managerial path of career advance is not well funded and cut down to minimum. Big ship.
Some bad managers Lack of coordination between teams Slow to respond
hard to do something great, company is just too big.
long hours and stressful days
1. Some teams need a change in management for faster delivery of product features. 2. Lesser compensation than other top companies in the area.
- Most(almost all) employees are afraid of criticizing their own product. That's why IE went from most popular browser to being nowhere. No internal dissent or criticism of products or strategy is allowed - Management is management and they have the only right to speak up! - Political
Culture Does not nurture female employees Lacks diversity
Roughly half the people walking around, staring at you without even trying to avoid eye contact or trying to smile awkwardly so as to acknowledge that you are there or that they are human. Gave me the heebie-jeebies.
It can get very stressful sometimes as there are very strong deadlines and the managers really demand that you meet your deadlines on time.
Salary is lower then other competitors in area.
Above level 62, rewards and job performance perception are based on political influence within direct team
Battles for account control between Services (MCS and Premier) and the ATU. Hard to understand comp plan. Hard to track deals.
treatment varies wildly depending on management, change is constant so if you find the right job and management it will change
No cons as of now
No downwards for Microsoft. It's evergreen company
Review system has it's flaws.
- no free food - some teams have slow growth
There is not any cons about Microsoft İnternship. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - - - -
I have great respect for Satya and the culture shift he's initiated. Unfortunately, mediocrity seems to have settled at the middle manager level, at least in some areas of the company. Bad technology/strategy decisions made in the name of preserving fiefdoms and charter. Political in-fighting for territory. Leads stealing credit for minions work and blaming others for failures they should own responsibility for (usually behind their back). Lack of leadership and zero integrity at the lead/development manager levels. Perhaps just one really dysfunctional team amongst many, but in my 25 years as a software professional, literally the worst experience and most horrid disconnected power hungry leadership (and I use that term loosely) I've ever seen.
Big company, can get stuck in places, wide variety in team quality and culture
People as usual. Unless you are on the main campus the cafes are not the best but it's an incentive to eat healthier.
Constantly changing. You could have several different managers in a short time frame. High pressure and stress. Work you do can be different than job description Long hours. Expect 60+ as baseline. Fire drills Review and rewards system
Nothing challenging, very rigid and arrogant peope in terms of work, Lack of planning and understanding
It's hard to move up. The stock is not much. Overall the payment is just industrial average level. Sometimes it feels boring.
work life balance, performance ranking
only 12 weeks, not so flexible gave me a full-time offer at the end of internship but it's valid only for 1 year
Lack of comradery and team work
Snobby colleagues, time schedule, commute
Pay does not increase much, not unless you leave the company and come back - which is weird. Management should try to retain employees by giving them proper compensation increases, according to the market.
too much politics and beauracracy
Still there are layers of management which needs to be flattened to make the company more agile.
I am a happy Microsoft employee
benefit not very good, salary not very good, too many people not doing a lot of things
Difficult to move from organization to organization
too bureaucratic, too many slow sales processes, service delivery should be renamed: sales prevention, you can't propose a SoW using list rates, need approval from delivery Mgn't, from engagement of pre-sale resources to delivering a SoW/Proposal to client 4-8 weeks, what they call Premier Support is staff augmentation, with no SLA or SLO's, the only vendor in the industry that does not use percentage of software cost to develop support pricing ala, SAP, Oracle, IBM, HP, Dell, etc/
The flat organization creates an unhealthy political environment as your manager doesn't want more competition. Success at Microsoft is based on how well you play the politics. Nowhere to go in your career so people either leave or do the bare minimum once they realize that they're stuck at their level. The previous model was tougher but seemed fair. Boys' club. A lot of bias against women. This company is missing some check and balance. I've seen newly hired guys get promoted although they didn't deliver anything substantial for the product while women have to demonstrate potential, deliver, and they must do it flawlessly.
HUGE corporation - it's hard to get anything accomplished through all the approvals, etc.
Politics, advancement is difficult, decision making takes long
- Sometimes, the organization gets SO big, it's almost counter productive.
lack of basic understanding of user centered design and ux research practices
Microsoft is a huge company, and in some ways that felt overwhelming (and also that I was only a very small and insignificant cog in a giant machine)
Long hours and very stressful The size of the different departments can sometimes make you feel like you are a number!
There are no clearly defined paths or benchmarks for moving from contract work to permanent (aka FTE) positions.
Not moving very fast. Compensation is a bit lower than other companies like Google and Facebook.
Company is changing, but teams still act in silos and fight for ownership.
Can be rather political. Also every large company has B players, and you might be forced to work with them.
Pay isn't great, low on automated tasks, every org has no money, there's too much mundane work to do and no time to do it in. We are still waiting for Satya to make a truly strategic play in the tech industry and not just financially back decisions.
Recognition is a bit hard.
There is no cons, company is very good.
Very complicated technical set up (IT)
Somedown sides would be not knowing about a new product until the night before
Growth progression is slow for the employee as there is lot of red tape-ism
egos egos egos egos egos
Review process is a little challenging.
Very business oriented with a lot of middle management. It's not particularly easy to work on related projects.
Quality design work often gets watered down by multiple stakeholders
- Commuting to Redmond from Seattle  - Minimal growth (compared to Google, Amazon and others) means fewer fires, but also fewer opportunities to swing above your weight class  - A growing group of "lifers" that only know the Microsoft way/tech makes a lot of the experience less transferable than other companies
They still do calibration for their employee performance reviews even in 2016 under Satya. Lots of politics there still ...empire building.
Positive corporate wide changes are in the works As with other multi-national companies, finding the right group to work in is very important
no cons to share at this time
Some technology is really behind the times. Huge improvements have been made but still a ways to go to catch up with the Bay Area tech firms. Sometimes they kill great projects and double down on poor projects. Lots of politics.
The performance review and compensation model could be revamped to better account for high performance teams. At times there are teams where all members should be rewarded as being exceptional contributors.
You get paid to do not to think, anxiety around regular re-orgs, 5% bottom, and not a very stimulating or challenging environment.
New management has really changed the culture and environment. They tell you one thing is important, but have no problems changing their minds at the last minute and "throwing people under the bus."
slow too-many-PM not transparent stagnant
share some of the downsides of microsoft: the only cons compared with other network it companies is that the food is not free, but they are pretty cheap.
It's best place to be at. I don't see any cons
It's a large company so understanding the review process can take time
Too many hoops to jump through to actually make an impact on your business area
Sometimes not enough work to do.
Needs to work on engineering practices.
Long hours, Benefits could be better or on par with competitors
- Work at every time even on weekends - No formal training for you position, the policy is learn on the fly
Agile processes need to change so they can be. . . agile.
Once you're in, you're in, so there is a ton of dead weight. If you're in the right place, it's great, if you work some calcifying Peter-Principle-Poster-Boy, it will suck the life out of you. The bureaucracy is flabbergasting.
Too big to get things done quickly
sometimes its more of being a glorified babysitter than actual work
Slow pace sometimes, vision not clear
none that I can think of
None so far. Only been with the company for a few months now and it has been pretty good so far
1. The cafeteria food is really bad. 2. There are still lot of legacy tech still in use and requires modernization. 3. Work can take a hold of your life at times.
culture does not value sales organization, carry over from monopoly days means few sales leaders know how to sell in the new economy, inward focus and obsession with scorecards that are meaningless to customers
Often very long hours, review model stinks.
Not enough information sharing! In services a lot of tasks and mistakes are repeated because of poor information sharing across projects.
If you're unlucky and end up in the wrong team, life isn't going to be good :)
understaffed, underpaid compared to apple storel
Lack of celebration and appreciation of employee tenure and milestones. Personal appreciation is missing. Review model still has a lot of flaws! Should be more part time work and job share opportunities.
Not much to say about down side..
I don't feel they value their administrative staff
Constant reorgs that may change who your teammates are, so it can be hard to build teams that accumulate synergy over time.
1) Too big and too unfocused. It's too easy to feel like your work isn't significant due to the sheer volume of other stuff going on. A more lean, focused Microsoft would help engineers feel important.  2) Poor matching of college hires to teams. If you're joining right out of college, be very assertive about what you want to work on (that is, if you actually know what you want to work on). They won't put you where you want to be without a fight.  3) Business outlook. Microsoft is doing just fine but is struggling to gain traction in new and emerging markets. Satya's moving things in the right direction but I have doubts that his changes are radical enough. There's also some resistance from those who have been there forever.
Windows team doesn't have the greatest team environment. Easy to feel disconnected, discouraged, and Isolated.
Not so innovative company culture
This location is a bit of a "start up" for Microsoft and a lot of the processes are not set and streamlined which can cause confusion. Lower pay than field employees.
depends on project and team you are working on
Lots of oooollllld skool folks who need to move on
Sometimes the higher management can be hard to read or even unavailable to answer questions. This makes getting a clear picture of the longer term investments a bit hard.
old technical, not much to learn, working on something not important, political, not stable any more, technical to specify on microsoft platform. low pay, hard to promote, just a little bit stock and a little bonus.
big company, you might only have chance to work for a small feature, your skills might degenerates.
People don't leave Microsoft they leave bad Managers.
None - everything was fantastic!
None actually. May be the pay
Microsoft is a large company (Which can also be a good thing).
The workload in some of the more unique jobs at Microsoft is frequently not scoped realistically, which can lead to work/life balance challenges.
They are not as keen to hire internally as they are to hire externally. In addition, there is a bunch of politics so it does take longer to make a dent in the company.
Big companies can be slooooow to change. That is definitely apparent and MSFT. Some features on my team take an absolutely unreasonable amount of time to get out. Some of that is the people working on it, but a lot of it has to do with the ancient systems in place.
They confuse "collaboration" with "constipation." Decisions can take too long, with too many "stakeholders" to try and satisfy. It's become very political They think very locally (Redmond), but try to operate globally.
Compensation not great as more young ones.
The benefit not as good as FLAG(facebook, linkedin, apple, google)
Not very competitive with respect to pay
review system makes no sense
Too many ill prepared or ill everything managers that act as if they have tenure. Maybe they do. Proposed culture change has not help the situation. Still more of the same.
See very low chance of moving into a fulltime role within the department. No new headcount is added and they are moving into using more contract roles rather than fulltime.
At the time there was no full time positions available.
Long-timer status = Target on back
- Politics - Hard to attract younger users
Politically challenged with no support from HR. If you are not in the right clique forget it. HR is broken. So many really bad managers.
Lots of politics. Depending on who your manager is, getting a promo can go from being completely based on your performance to being completely based on politics and how you play the game. It's really heartbreaking to see managers make bad engineering decisions, deliver half-baked results and still get promoted. Every team in the company has a tremendous amount of technical debt that will never be addressed but will always be a problem. Constant reorgs also contribute to people not really caring about the long term and just focusing on delivering something immediately.
The management in the store was extremely hard to work with. A few of the assistant managers were understanding and that was about it.
Process to find new jobs within the company is cumbersome and restrictive.
The company is massive and things get done slowly.
Too slow. Adoption of industry standards is stagnant.
nothing to complain about the place
Some products are less than exciting. Also my team was moving slowly to the latest tools.
Too many re-orgs, too monolithic. Pay doesn't seem to be as competitive as other comparably sized software companies.
Too high of a focus on scorecard metrics... scorecards run the business, not logic... whats best for the customer... or the shareholder. Too much policy and process (Red Tape). Azure and 0365 are too much of a focus and a detriment to tried and true... actually profitable on-prem products. Also, most every executive below Satya is worthless.
Like any big company, politics can chew you up and spit you out. Despite promising signs of change, there are still many petty tyrants running their fiefdoms and if you get in the wrong one, or the wrong side of a powerful one, your opportunities dwindle.
Politics Too many re-orgs (and layoffs)
Too Slow, heavily team depended. word word wordword word word word word word word word word word word
The review process, you can do all the right things be an excellent contributor, but still get the short end of the stick depending on group and level at the time.
The different groups can be somewhat myopic and not think outside their group too much
career growth is almost entirely controlled by the manager and favoritism can out weight performance at times, if not all the times.
frequent re-org which impacts your promotion
I have not experienced any cons at Microsoft yet, everything is good.
This company has lost its soul. Internal competition and politics are rampant. Incest management always want to play favoritism with their puppets.
Less direction and ambitious requirements
The company likes to think of itself as innovative but it really isn't. Managers should be provided more training on how to lead and manage people. Slow to support until something goes to an escalation mode.
lack of creativity and young people
Bad people, politics, dead, adhoc, bad work-life
too short of a contract - no funding
Quickly losing relevance in the consumer market, only a few products resonate to consumers
There is a kind of war between different areas, and some times some colleagues get your merit .
It's still retail so you're always going to have to attend to customers, buying or not.
Took a while to receive my badge limiting the resources I received when I started.
Things can move surprisingly slow sometimes, quality of management varies greatly and you don't really have that much control over it.
Too many processes to follow
Always told what you do wrong, never what you do right. Very vague improvement points. No matter how much work you do it's never enough to be picked for projects. Only the favorites survive.
need better management and more hours
Sometimes the work at the Support Group is a little tedious, surely you can learn a lot about Microsoft products, but it does not seems to be quite useful if you want to find a job at another company other than Microsoft.
Slackers everywhere, some teams have forgotten what it should be like in the cutting edge of technology. Affirmative action impacts morale Too many layoffs and penny pinching happening at the company
As is true with most companies you really need to own your work/life balance, the company will always ask more of you than you can get done in normal working hours. On the Engineering side, the company is still working through the transition to combined engineering and hasn't fully figured out how to handle quality assurance with no testers/SDETs.
Sometimes the goal of the project is not well defined atleast in my case.
People reviews are still tough and still exists. Co-workers compete, managers compete and it creates political work environment where finger pointing is constant. Work/life balance happens when you don't have a escalation management position. Otherwise, it is not so great.
Sometimes feel over worked at times. Every one is somewhat busy or noot very interested in helping.
The culture is negative - most employees are unhappy
Everything about Microsoft is very good
Can be Challenging at learning new technology
If you work at the retail locations that are inside malls,it could feel real slow on the week days and too many young kids on the busy weekends. Although it is very helpful, you are demanded to complete designated trainings at the computer a couple of times each month.
No free food like some other tech companies Not a lot of freedom when working on large established product
Corporate team doesn't take you seriously
The culture still has a lot of infighting
It depends on the team you work with. Some teams are more organized and clear on the goals of the project they work on. If you happen to work on one of those teams whose goal is not clear, then you might feel baffled.
Constant judgement, pressure to succeed however it takes. Constant change in team direction and the need to get multiple rounds of approvals to get and keep everyone on board and in agreement with just about anything.
Constant judgement, pressure to succeed however it takes. Constant change in team direction and the need to get multiple rounds of approvals to get and keep everyone on board and in agreement with just about anything.
Lateral moves across divisions and professions are hard, and almost impossible to stumble upon.
top down approach to management. low employee morale due to limited advancement and perception in industry
The culture leaves a lot to be desired. Depending on the team, it can be very cut throat and difficult to secure resources. Work-life balance is non-existent.
Retail, and everything that goes with it. From toxic customers, to terrible hours, to working holidays and weekends. Expect to have no social life without significant effort, as you'll consistently be required to work weekends and nights. You're expected to love Microsoft products... Even if there's something better out there.
It is a big company, so you need to find the right teams to fully maximize your potential
Role was not positioned correctly for the hired skills, many left before a year.
No management excellence in lower to mid level management
-large company, easy to get overlooked -promised me a certain percentage of travel, but two months in that amount of travel doubled
Some decision makers are following whatever is bright and shiny at the moment
very demanding work, salaries on the low side
1. First level and second level manager in Microsofts are the root cause of Microsoft moving very slow and not innovating. These managers are rigid (been there for 10+ years, no more technical, don't understand current trends and they are still decision maker). These people still holds huge power and take all shortcuts and easy and quick things to get quick personal gain/growth. This attitude has hurt Microsoft since last 15 years. 2. Review System is extremely horrible because stack ranking still happens as of 2016. Though they don't communicate to employees, but HR and Manager maintains Stack ranking and probably curve too. Stack ranking is so horrible that manager who has great sales power takes advantage of situation and manager who are technical but not good in sale looses their employee being rated down. So it is extremely important to report to best manager who is best of his manager, if you want to succeed in Microsoft.
As a temporary employee, you are treated as a much lower caste human. You learn early to turn your badge where the color can't be seen. Not all computer access will be determined by the manager you are working for. Someone upstream may not approve and you can't access, or suddenly loose the ability to work on a specific program or access data needed for the project with no explanation or recourse.
Nothing is really bad there
Pay is not so great compared to the industry.
focus is around monthly targets, need to be more long term strategic.
Flexible work hours make it difficult to communicate with folks on occasion
Not a lot of internal growth.
A 1,000 layers of management with most of them spending their time sucking up to their boss to get promoted instead of looking after their people.
Senior management culture of 'let's get new blood' limits advancement opportunities. Must move laterally to move up. Heavy emphasis on correct procedure/process can stifle innovative thinking
long queue for appraisal for employees
Beyond senior onwards, soft skills are more important than raw talent. There can be lots politics depending on the team you join. Try to stay away from consumer facing teams. Microsoft won't continue to be a consumer company in the future.
Everything is slow. Promotion takes years even if you've got the full mark. You will also see incompetent colleagues talking very much, in the meeting or wherever.
Reorganizations every six months or so to make to work even more challenging.
Siloed teams each driving toward their own goals, "cowboys" allowed to do their own thing while others clean up/pick up the pieces, focus on shipping shipping shipping rather than overall customer experience and quality
Cant think of anything at this time
As an engineer, you can feel like a cog in a machine and your focus is more narrow.
dependent on customer. Avg customer base still thinks Server and database, no idea of how fast technology is evolving. Not good place if you work with containers, latest tools etc.
Typically, work life balance is nearly impossible to really achieve, there is little time to breath, and change is non-stop and chaotic. Corporate leadership, starting at the CEO, has been on a 2 - 3 year strategy exchanging loyal, productive, long time employees for overseas labor to cut costs, Steep moral price to pay when 15, 20, 25 year employees with stellar track records are terminated to reduce costs and replaced, in bulk, by overseas labor. Microsoft used to profess that people were its most valuable assets, those days are long gone. It is just another technology grinder now, it has been many years since Microsoft has been a true technology leader.
Some people seem overworked and it is usually attributed to their functional organization's leader that doesn't understand how convey the importance of balance. As with any large corporation you'll have good managers, and bad ones. The great thing about Microsoft is they continually look for employee feedback and if you have a bad/poor manager, you can anonymously provide constructive feedback which HR and leadership takes seriously. This is why I've been here over 16 years.
- highly recommend hiring a sherpa, i.e. network like crazy and have a few key mentors because the mountain can be unforgiving for even the strongest and most prepared - the sheer size of this mountain means even getting to base-camp will require effort and supplies and llamas so bring a big pack and lots of patience. Success will be 1 part skill, 2 parts llama chow, and 8 parts persistence - bring oxygen if you hope to get to the top
They will take a lot of your personal time, managers are pushed to meet quotas that they have to push down the chain of command. And it seems that the company have lost part of the quality of their service and they are concentrate to meet numbers. Therefore, be prepared to work hard, or really hard.
No cons at this time to report
you may deliver much more than your coworker but having similar rewards or bonus
Work is only largely about making bigger visibility instead of actually getting things done.
commute can be difficult to long
A highly bureaucratic organization that makes it hard to have ownership and get things done. Highly political.  While it is evolving and improving as a company, Microsoft is still fairly inward looking. It is not a company that begins by focusing on the perceived needs of customers.
bad management decision, stupid PMs power
It's sometimes hard to get access to everything you need, and you have to take a six month break every 18 months.
Everything is nice, I just feel the open culture should be optional and not forced upon
Low pay but it was party time... so it wasn't that bad if you know what you were doing.
Hard to return to the company outside of Corporate campus.
Limited advancement, heavy politics. A late-stage company that can feel like it's lost its way and gotten acquisition-heavy.
Old culture is fading but is still there. A lot of people still focus on personal achievement only.  Compensation is less than what competitors offer, unless you're at a high level (principal and above).
Old habits are hard to break, executive management isn't measuring whether or not on the culture changes they push are taking hold.
If you're in early stages of your career, working exclusively on Microsoft technologies makes your career path sort of limited. It's hard to find other jobs when you leave, and hard to switch to open source stuff.
Difficulty getting a promotion.
Microsoft actually gets some talents. However as the software business was not doing very well in China (because a well-known reason), every employee in Microsoft tired to present stories rather than introduce business opportunities.
Politics, lack of transparency, tribes.
Corporate housing might be quite far from the office location, which may cause problems for students who plan to bike. Unlike Google, no free food (unless there is a meeting) for interns.
Location was a problem for me
- Very big company. You can feel insignificant at some teams. - Promotions and annual bonuses are not totally fair.
Projects are mostly irrelevant or make bad decisions in playing catch up and also includes few falling stars. Too much legacy code. Some teams are modernizing though.
Big company - sometimes hard to implement changes. Scope of work can look small for some people. Culture varies by group - have to choose carefully.
Not all divisions are great to work in (Windows still being the worst). There's a lot of redundancy/waste everywhere (too many teams solving the same problems) and too much political B.S. resulting from that. Work/Life balance has regressed in the last few years.
too much politics, hard to get hired directly without working as a vendor first
My office is in SF and the people I interface with work in another State. Sometime you feel disconnected when communicating and having to depend on conference calls/Skype to communicate.
Slow growth Manager dependent Movement across groups is difficult.
Bad Managers. FTE's don't leave Microsoft -they leave bad Managers.
Lots of middle management, lots of cooks in the kitchen.
Can get political, depending on your org, experience can be great or bad, no more opportunities for QA/testing roles, boss can make a big difference in experience
Very hard to get any proper user experience work done, everything is looked at as "Is this really necessary?" A great deal of proper UX is destroyed and put to the way side because of costing. Thus, good design solutions continue to be buried and never see the light of day. Perhaps the reason so many Microsoft products have notoriously bad experiences. Terrible politics.
pretty much everything corporate but to be expected in its stage in life. no longer is everyone allowed to be a pioneer and it was just sad to watch the new ones some in and just get frustrated.
limited upward momentum, hierarchically structured company
Lots of politics Some people advance not by their output but who they know and by sabotaging coworkers and taking credit for the work of others. Depending on your manager, you may be expected to work nights and weekends frequently and also be on call. When you are on call (up all night answering calls and resolving issues) you are still expected to do your regular work.
Lot of politics and red tape still in some groups
- too many pockets of bad managers who can't leverage team members for their strengths
Sales dept is very cut throat.
No free food available. I also feel like it's hard to be promoted, like every giant corporations. Also, the Windows developing experience is not so good.
Communication needs improvement. New programs need to be vetted better as when you roll out to customers you find the model has issues.
Very slowly transitioning as per Satya's vision of open source and accepting non-Microsoft technologies. Still too much red-tape.
Not a place to critique existing product or suggest improvement.
Very political and competitive environment. After multiple years at the company I was very burned out.
pretty much everything corporate but to be expected in its stage in life. no longer is everyone allowed to be a pioneer and it was just sad to watch the new ones some in and just get frustrated.
Lots of lip service to making a better organization, but its too big to see any real changes. Lots of internal buzzwords and BS.
Growth in certain roles are limited
Community of insights is not shared across and is isolated within each department. There isn't a common body of knowledge and you have to find out the old school way of sending an email and hoping people will share.
Sometimes competitive environment may block you from other life experiences.
Change is like turning the Titanic There are still pockets of Old Microsoft Continually reinventing the wheel (the wheel we created years ago) We jump ship too quickly when a device isn't perceived as "Hot" out of the door.
Going through some changes, salary is lower compared to other top shelf tech companies.
Distributed teams, takes long to align stakeholders across internal silos which has the potential to slow us to market. Depending on the team there is both centralized or decentralized decision making. If you love your role, work-life balance is not good in hardware teams.
too political, second tire salary with second tire employee making second tire products (Azure,Bing,Skype,SQL,Phone....)
Can still be very political.
The competitive environment can be cut-throat and you need to be able to promote your "brand".
Reluctance to truly embrace open source tools for development really hurts developer skill sets. For example, instead of moving to tools like Spark, MSFT builds it's own tools. Most of their own internal development doesn't even use products they sell externally, like Azure. The proprietary tools they use will severely hurt you when you are looking for your next job.  The company is huge part 1. The scope of what you will work on will most likely be small features on existing products. This might be OK from a pure C++ coding perspective but it won't allow you to get architecture development experience, learn new tools or if you want to do something innovative with new technologies.  The company is huge part 2. It's difficult to stand out when there are hundreds of really good engineers in a division. There are few engineering management roles now, most were eliminated.  Culture can be somewhat forced. Small companies usually have a better culture.  Office has implemented a "Shared Engineering" model. Software Engineers are supposed to write product code, test and develop the resulting data streams. Realistically you will find few people that can or want to do all three well.
highly political, good old boys club, high stress, your manager determines if you have a good experience and there are a lot of poor managers.
not liking it for being buerocratic
Depending on your team, your work-life balance might be an issue. Sometimes around releases there are long hours and pressure to get things done.
Slow processes and they often hinder progress or innovation. Remote locations are not well represented in the decision making.
Poor coordination between MS Teams. Too many organizational changes
Changing culture, politics, lack of job security and innovation
supervisor was unavailable most of time
Scorecard driven, goals are not align from middle management down, review system sucks and not fair.
Shockingly political work environment, limited ability to actually act on opportunities. Large numbers of displaced QA staff that are trying to take on many role with little experience. Ivory tower middle management attitudes
Horrible management, at least in the SF office. Also no HR there to feel supported for times of need.
Your team is working with you can get you started with an emphasis and not just about every single one day and the rest of my favorite song from my Windows XP is not responsible
political place to work a
lots o politics to deal with on a daily basis
Location in the city makes it hard to reach with public transportation.
Cheap on TnE and morale and company events heavy workloads in finance during winter holidays and quarter end periods, which is a blocker to vacation timing
lots o politics to deal with on a daily basis
Almost everything is about politics which cost a lot of valuable people&time doing useless thing.
internal politics are increasing which harm IC
None the company is making the right short and long term decisions
1) poor coffee quality in coffee machines, 2) Coffee in the cafe below not much better,
Management of the group sets the tone and culture. Not all groups offer the same opportunities and support.
- Food not that great at Hyd Campus.
While Microsoft is a great place to work at, you will soon burn out if you end up in the cycle of on-call rotations to monitor mission critical, legacy services that a lot of other teams depend on. During your on-call week, you have to be on high alerts, and prepare to drop everything including your family responsibilities, and lose sleep.
Review every year and many times it depends on your manager
Process oriented, not flexible to move around
Work can be "overly" demanding during peak times. The environment can be competitive and sometimes can be "everyone for themselves mentality.
The job seemed very plug-and-play. I was to replicate everything my predecessor established - it was almost rote & unchallenging. Contractors treated like red-headed stepchildren - not allowed to have set office space, not even a desk, which is pretty ridiculous & completely counterproductive. My role interfaced with many, many people from different depts yet no one ever knew where to find me as I had to move around depending on which areas were being utilized that day. Maddening.
Often work furiously to meet a date or to fulfill someone's commitment, even when it's not the right thing for customers.
It may be slow at times but given that it is a large company this is to be expected. Sometimes you are bogged down by the process.
Nothing if you like fast paced and smart decision making like I do.
Failing to listen to customers, managers focussed on promotion and not on developing their team.
Corporate culture, review system, managers.
If you ever want to leave Microsoft it's very hard Don't like Washington/Redmond
Apathetic, inefficient, inconsistent management. Team cohesion is disincentivized. High turnover, particularly amongst the most qualified employees. Crabs in a barrel politics. The harder you work, the more you are penalized by insecure managers. My first week at this company, one of the most skilled sales people told me "don't work too hard, you'll regret it." He was not wrong.
Well there no cons to it but it's all about what interests you
Depending on team and politics, getting your work done could be hard
There are thousands of people work there. It is very hard to "stand out" and move up in the company.
No Stability Not much else that I can think of
Quick to lay people off.
Sometimes performance is not accurately measured. Good and bad. Not always comfortable in communication new human resources strategies.
Company is large, so it will take a lot to shine
Large matrix organization that can at times be restrictive in scope and/or less agile and/r compartmentalized.
Of course in big company, you have to work hard to be a star
difficult to fire terrible employees, poor POS system
Too much politics, too much focus on shipping whatever to show on review
Instability. Constant change that doesn't always make sense.
You have to figure out what you need and train yourself, its available to you but no one is going to help you.
At the time, the team structure and performance metrics created a culture that did not inspire healthy collaboration. Fortunately I believe the model has changed significantly, I believe Satya's leadership will continue to transform Microsoft.
Horrible "management" they sell a great dream no real direction
Lots of politics. You don't necessarily get rewarded by what you do. It depends a lot on perception. A person with high job title doesn't mean a high performer and a person with a low job title doesn't mean a low performer.
Politics and more politics Not enough clarity of mission in certain teams Too many people vying for the same job
Politics. Red tape. In-fighting. Fear and failure to lead. Inability to jump on opportunities quickly and ship winning products.
Review system seems very subjective and what I've heard about the stack rank sounds bad.
There are still large pockets of pure hell. Politics is horrible in several groups - it doesn't matter what you do, just who you kiss up to. Change is the only constant. Yearly reorgs with no real purpose. Poor managers.
Can take a while to get to learn the Microsoft processes.
Our company is changing a lot faster than it used to but in some ways we need to move faster to capture market share in areas like Mobile and mobile hardware. We are often playing "catch up" with the competition.
working on same technologies for long time
Development environment and tools need to be improved.
Big Company. So less accountability/responsibility per person. It puts you in a comfort zone, gives you good benefits and a settled feeling in life, which might not be the best for career growth independent of the company.
very stressful and lots of work
Slow moving, inability to innovate, organizational issues and politics, Too many PMs and PM Leads, mostly competing with each other. Good devs move to other companies or other groups in MS
I'm not sure I have any cons, I know that there is always room for improvement but I can't think of anything. Maybe the relocation process could get better.
I think that the discounts for staff could've been better
Integrity is not valued. Promotions based on who you know, not what you contributed, what you are skilled at or how you treated your people. At least 50% of the senior leadership are unethical and not someone you would want a child to see as a role model. Women and minorities will have to work twice as hard and will not get the same opportunities as their white or Indian counterparts.
It was a shame that the project was for only 6 months!
None that I am aware of
sometimes management makes decisions on the fly without a clear strategy
Work life balance not balanced
Its up to you , so no real cons that any large company doesn't have.
low pay no free time work at home
salaries are on lower end, review system is super subjective
Too much of competition Tough promotion process Process oriented
not much room for growth.
Stressful, Long work hours, late night calls, too many meetings, high number of vendors, revolving workforce and lost IP
Competition and the race to achieve the top.
Their are no cons for working at Microsoft
Nothing really negative to say
Phasing to new generation of employees. Bye bye if you're +50
No parking space available. Too big, micro managment
- Slow decision making process. Not all decisions should go through PMs and management, let us move faster than the slowest PM - Lack of mentorship. Having looked for a few years, I have not been able to find a mentor
very large company, hard to navigate
My current boss is an extreme micro manager
A type personalities and EGO, but that's a work thing in general
Work life balance can be poor depending on team
the culture shift hasn't happened, mediocrity is rewarded, not a lot of consequences for failing, etc.
- unsavory review process (this is coming from a manager who is familiar with how it's done) - 'red' people tend to excel here (refer to Insights training for the reference) - there's an increase in rudeness that's I'm seeing throughout the company
As above - get trapped with mart technology
Salaries are not necessarily competitive with market. Macro risk and risk to success of corporate strategy coupled with earnings performance in FY16 is apparent in bonus structure and payment.
Bad behaviour in current org that reflects old way of doing things, e.g. hidden stack ranking
Office politics, hypercompetitive environment, long hours
Need treat all employees equally
lot of internal politics at the company.
Software Engineer growth is very nebulous, different managers tell you different reasons. Not the best salaries in town compared to other software companies and not the best stock options. They still have to focus on the customer.
Red tape, feel like a small drop in a big ocean, very office centric , lack of enterprise class software getting better
Work life balance was a struggle, deadlines were unrealistic
company in decline, best business opportunities are in enterprise
lot of folks still with old microsoft way of doing things, i.e no risk, slow planning and slow in reacting to customer feedback
The team was mostly myopic in their design decisions, many convoluted design decisions. Manager had poor communication skills and could not handle crises or timecrunch.
- Easy to get stuck in the wrong part of the company in a culture that isn't a fit or in a highly political/entrenched organization. - Stagnant leadership movement. Senior leaders with little breadth outside their narrow niche. - Performance is very subjective and not empirical enough.
Intense. Can be top of your game one minute and down the next. Telling others you work for them can lead to helping them out with computer issues. Ha
Seattle is not for everyone
Microsoft India (Office Division) 1. Very slow growth 2. Few new projects
Some of the cut throat culture still exists from Balmer era.
Things change on a dime. This is a fast moving company that has to respond instantly to the industry. This can make it frustrating as process and procedure are not always clear or tested and verified before they are pushed out.
There are no cons for working at MS.
Each team culture is little different
Training abysmal. Watch this 5 minute video, trained and you are not the trainer. Now go train everyone else.
Top down work ship room/exec command based development culture. Less scope for laterals and different thought process.
Experience depends a lot on the manager. If you have a good manager, it can be very good to try new projects and also be flexible wrt to family situation.
* Increasing sales culture makes the environment less personal * Noticeable favoritism. Like highschool, the better you fit in, the better you career path is.
Without a good manager -- you're screwed Rewards are not transparent
We are not leading innovation (yet) in enough categories to be considered cutting edge.
Massive red tape, slow moving, very small raises unless you get a "Level Promotion". Hard to advance to more complex positions.
opportunity for growth is virtually impossible in the administrative world
Poor people management at Sr - Mid levels
Company is undergoing a massive cultural and revenue change. Putting lots of pressure on the business. Little opportunity for advancement in field based roles. At the end of the day not a customer or partner focused company. It's always about what is best for Microsoft and customers and partners realize that.
Middle management is composed of grown-in-place individual contributors who often have no experience outside of Microsoft. As a result, low and middle ranks of management are not very competent, often petty and narrow-minded. Internal engineering system is traditionally over-complicated and cumbersome.
Felt that there was a lot of micro managing from managers outside of department that were not privy to the information needed to confront employees.
Structure is either overwhelming or missing entirely.
The group I worked in was very competitive internally. I did not find that I liked the stack ranking system very much as it fostered a spirit of working against your coworkers, instead of with them.
Limited opportunities if not in Redmond
Reward system is currently broken and rewards favoritism without many checks or balances in place.
Big company. Hard to make things move as fast as you may like. On the other hand, if you are able to make things happen, you'll be a hero.
Potential to move up in company is a slow process & many steps to take before proceeding. Don't make employment status inconsistent or not important.
Slow to move and respond to customer need. Company is so big that there is frequent duplication of team remits.
slow growth, politics, too much bureaucracy
Not much to say. Although I didn't work there long, i enjoyed every minute
Directionless ship, the entire company seems to be run by middle managers who don't know what they're doing - leading to separate divisions doing contradictory things. UI is designed in powerpoint, the codebase is ancient and nobody understands it, useless features get requested and bugs never get fixed
you get flexibility, but at the same time you are ALWAYS connected. If you worked out the hourly rate, the pay would not be good.  very unhealthy competition where people are pitted against others that do not even perform the same function. Despite removing stack ranking, it still happens and is eve worse now because it is much more subjective
Can be really hard to make real change happen. Layers of management and often rigid thinking can prevent that. You'll encounter a fair few egos too. But the good generally outweighs the bad.
Lot of work sourced to Contractors
Sometimes can be slow to react to changes in the industry and has a tendency to be beat to market by other companies.
Micro-Managing management Horrible customers No protection from Managers Products that are not tested before shipped No/little career advancement. (People have worked 5 years without moving positions) Exceptionally small raises (14-40 cents) Horrible Bonus' (Nothing over $300 a quarter. Even if you sold over a million dollars of product, the bonus would not change.)
Cultural behaviors remains hard to transform wth times
-Employees not 'first' as they once were. -Motivational events are MUCH smaller than they used to be if held at all. -Too many egos makes an annoying work environment. -Going toward open offices. Worse than cubicles. -Reviews tend to rank employees against one another which creates a culture of non-collaboration. -Expectations have risen so high (since Satya took over) that only the 'heroes' that work 70 hours a week and on vacation actually have a chance of meeting them.
Still lot if large slow teams. Still lot of politics, low risk taking culture.
Some of the projects for the interns are not very challenging  Redmond/ Bellevue area is not the most happening place
It is place of stagnation and career mediocrity. If you want to come here, bust your hump for a couple years, try to make a difference and get promoted you are looking at the wrong place. The old guard will continue to build their own careers whilst stepping on anyone to get there. A misunderstanding of the changing world and inability to develop new skills is what keeps this company in its current state of a bland and gray existence.
wierd teams, certain type of people stay but with little room for career progression. Managers usually hire their best pals/or vendors
too much outsourcing creating difficulties within the job to make customers happy, a lot of sales aspects within the job even though it's not a sales job, less flexibility to move to job in another org, a lot of
Retail sector can be pretty tough, must have patience and be able to work under pressure
Management doesn't allow good products to get built up and there is a lot of politicking
Work might be tiring sometimes
Salary raise each year is comparatively low
quite a bit of red tape
- standard stuff that comes with working at a tech giant
Low pay and benefit not pair with other big name in industry.
Very competitive. Must achieve results greater than your peers to be able to do well. While leadership is doing a phenomenal job of trying to change the company culture the message doesn't make it way down to people in the trenches. I watch peers who have been at the company 20+ years who nod their heads in agreement but then don't live the new culture. Overall, believe that we are on the brink of big change and so there is hope. Would love if we could move faster to being a more collaborative and inclusive culture.
Career progression is based on either luck or "managing up". The culture has historically been extremely insular, unaware of things outside the company, although that is changing.
nothing found at this time
- Microsoft is trying to improve their culture as, even Satya admits, it went way off the rails. Some spots are better than others, but in general the middle management ensures that it is the same backstabbing environment which earned MSFT its reputation. Most managers say the right thing (e.g. "growth mindset") while operating the same as usual. - In conjunction with the above, MSFT is a pretty poor environment if you are looking for job security in many spots. A manager can come in and fire a handful of people on the team because they want to "shake it up" or bring in their own people. Not pleasant, even if you are not directly effected. There is no one Microsoft though (totally different company from org to org and manager to manager), so there are people who make a lot of money to basically hang out while others are put through the ringer and tossed. - MSFT's products are legacy. - MSFT has very high turnover, especially for a company that pays well with great benefits. People either get forced to leave or they can't deal with the politics and managers so they leave of their own accord. If I had to describe working for MSFT in one word, it would be: political.
Performance reviews are a popularity contest. Be able to promote yourself and value to your organization. Large organization, and can get lost if you do not keep yourself informed.
None so far. They can hire more interns in the hardware side. Food isn't free in the local cafeteria unlike Google and Facebook
review cycle still needs refinements.
Only been here for 2 months. So far, I have no complaints.
Focused on politics and personalities over delivering great products. If you don't fit their personality/politics mold, they will destroy your MS career and manage you out.
None comes to mine, as I really enjoyed working there
Highly competitive so be prepared for hard work, long hours and tough decisions
Upward mobility on the retail side can be limiting if working in a city with one store. Plenty of mobility if willing to move. Too much gossip and secrets among upper management in my store.
It is such a big company it can take a long time to get approval to make changes and improvements which can be frustrating. It also can feel very silo'd.
Moves slowly in some areas like most large companies
A large company, and it feels like it. Great, because there is always something new to discover, but also can be overwhelming. You really have to take initiative.
Most people there play hide and seek. Hide to avoid work and seek new teams when your current one 'finds' you.
It's a massive org that does not care about you or your happiness.
Lack of information and data to make good business decisions Ambiguity with goals and parameters to evaluate performance Politics Lack of trust between teams and groups People desperately trying to keep their jobs, hence not openly collaborating with others. Conservative approach and management-pleasing actions getting preference over true and effective business ones.
Slow moving, almost feels like a government.
You have every reason not to work there
Re-orgs happen all the time and can sometimes hinder growth
I have not experienced any cons at all
Stock performance is not as rewarding as that of Amazon/Google
The company sometimes looked too big to do anything. Sometime political games go on.
Dominated by managers that have been around forever and have no interest in incorporating new ideas or methodologies.
restrictive, internal IT is afraid of new thought
Senior Leadership are very unethical
Low stock grants until you hit principal.
Senior leadership/PM tend to take too much control. Dev should be independent enough. Don't rush features. Poor planning and forecast in teams. Compensation can be more competitive. Promotions and growth is dependent on how good you can project yourself.
It's a large organization and can be slow to react. Dis-economies of scale are everywhere with cookie cutter tools and resources that don't always make sense across very different business units. There are some employees who are not productive and they coast and hide in large departments. There are also some people that have been promoted within the organization mostly because of the length of their tenure and old friends.
lack of advancement or chance to hire for contractors
tense environment. layoff is often
Ladder growth becomes difficult for quite a few even after sustained, performance due to political reasons
Can get lost in shuffle as it is a large company. You can feel like a number and there is a lot of red tape to go through to get things done.
not many cons. career moves slowly, because its a very big organization
Size of the company can be an issue.
No cons actually! The only thing that I could say was bad was just how hard it might be to apply to this job because it is a competitive job.
Slow processes and outdated tools. Not so agile
Slow processes and outdated tools. Not so agile
Hard to get ideas to improve processes heard by upper management When a good idea does get traction, upper management takes credit for it.
Unfortunately I think the cons still outweigh the pros at Microsoft.  - Company culture is in general terrible due to politics, personal career aspirations and brilliant jerks. - Politics. I can't stress this con enough. People are more concerned about their own career advancement than their team and our customers. - Brilliant jerks are still promoted and given a lot of influence. - Work/life balance can be terrible depending on the org. - Proprietary APIs and custom implementations in Azure that provide the same functionality as open source projects. - The higher up you move in levels / leadership at Microsoft the more political it gets. - Reorgs are still frequent, incredibly disruptive and cause a constant exodus of talent.
1. There is no transparency on how anything is decided. 2. Frequent reorganizations, as soon as you start to learn something, you will be moved to something completely unrelated and start all over again. Your career resets, too. 3. Even though it is said the performance reviews do not use the dreaded "stack ranking curve", the culture is still there, so people are still ranked in a curve. 4. A firm belief that more complicated solutions are better than simpler ones. 5. Very few new projects, most work is in fixing issues. 6. Even then, we manage to remove features from our products.
If you have a bad review in your past it is like a scarlet letter regardless of how well the other reviews went
Management rewards more reps. Less opportunity to grow since they hire more external candidate
No free food. Need to find the right team, as some team may not be optimal
very political and kind of can be tricky to navigate and how to get to the next level and lack of career progression planning
very difficult to get promoted
Missing Mobile is huge blow to the Windows 10 momentum, brining developers on board and extending Cloud Transformation to cloud especially consumer is lagging. Still Way too many process, scorecards, wasteful meetings still in place
The company is just too big to have a true impact. Silos are very common. this impacts the level of collaboration and energy in the office.
really difficult to make change while working with people who has been here for 20 years... They are toooooo Microsofti and difficult to work on new stuff with them.
After my internship I received a full-time offer from Microsoft. As a non-US citizen I needed a H1B visa to work in the US. After I finished my internship I had to wait for around 10 months to finally find out that my petition was not selected in the H1B lottery so there were no options for me to start working in the US in 2016. Microsoft offered me a placement in Canada instead, with a completely new compensation. They also said I would be working remotely with a Redmond team. I didn't really like the perspective of remote work from Canada for around 2 years so eventually I declined the offer. I was really surprised that they couldn't offer a position in Europe where they also have several development centers, eg. Dublin. Another thing I did not like was the fact that it was nearly impossible to get a full-time offer for a different team than the one I interned with. The team seemed rather uninteresting to me and I figured I would get bored there pretty quickly as there probably would not be much opportunity for me to learn. Overall, I enjoyed my time at Microsoft but I really think they should do something about their hiring process for people from outside of US.
too metric-driven, can be slow to get things done, also not very customer-focused
Occasionally can be bureaucratic and slow to approve action
Almost all work needs to be done in collaboration with others, yet the performance review system pits teammates against each other. I have never witnessed such a dysfunctional teaming situation. I have been competing with my own managers for bonus etc. as we were the same level. Makes no sense to me.  The other major con is they are constantly getting rid of people over 50. (maybe it has to do with the level thing?) I've seen dozens of very talented, experienced people pushed out and it really looks like age discrimination to me. Class action suit in the future?  Finally, i agree with someone else's review about chasing shiny objects. Doing a great job isn't good enough. has to be something new and shiny that your Manager/Leadership can wave around to look good. They prefer show horses to work horses.
Starting at a low level in the company makes it difficult to move around unless you are in engineering. Still existing silos. Could promote more growth opportunities and foster more open mindedness for those who are eager to grow and learn.
Technological learning are a bit less and very quickly get saturated,
Depending on the demographics of the work location,, there is often insecurities about competition and when an employee daily goal was not met. If you're a contracted employee, you do not get the inside scoop.
It can be quite competitive at times.
As an FTE: In recent years, layoffs have lent an atmosphere of instability and less than desirable job security. As a contractor, watch out for the policy that after 18 months of work, you need to take 6 months off.
Lots of buracracy, changing of requirements often
This is a very fast paced place, technology supported changes very often, no great collaboration system, nothing else, over all the company is good.
Need to give more RSU's Food is not free
a lot is expected forma work life balance perspective
large company values, very competitive
Caustic, competitive and very political environment
Very political. Lots of type A's. Can be difficult be motivated if on a bad team.
I don't really see any downsides to Microsoft.
Slow-moving. Part of it is the scale of the customer base, part of it is bad tools/processes.
In some division, program manager/lead make decision on behalf of users. User input is virtually 0. Slow engineering process due to legacy code, and low quality home-made close-source tools.
Size and number of layers hold the company back. In some departments politics is absolutely all that matters. The Redmond-centric culture has created a bubble, where insiders are mature professionals who can only thrive at Microsoft, and outsiders are left with a sense of operating in an artificial environment that has no real connection with the real world.
Big companies no matter the industry have a lot of red tape and move slowly
Lots of red tape and horrible internal tools make simple work frustrating and time- consuming. GM- level decisions not always make for the long view, but rather for a fiscal year's objectives. Poor track record of supporting certain areas. A big investment one year, followed by a lack of interest the next, then another big push the following year. It makes relationships with the ecosystem tricky.
Once I hit the principal level I felt that the politics really took off. Up to that point it really felt that my work stood for itself. I'm not a political kind of guy and that was the overwhelming reason why I left.
the compensation is too low compared with Google and Facebook. There are too many talent in the company and individual usually does not have the chance to show full potential.
No much career growing up
The culture of different teams can vary (I have heard good and bad from other interns.) Microsoft always manages to stay in the news with the latest PR gaffe (honestly more amusing than upsetting to most employees.)
.... Contractors are sort of lesser citizens but that's with any corporation. Contracts seem to serve as an extended interview and a step into the company.
Lots of politics , beareaucratic
Too much top down approach. Bit difficult environment for new hires since too much legacy/acronyms but very little tutorials and documentations.
Why I left:  * My team had 6 managers and 12 individual contributors--a 1:2 ratio. Managers had nothing to do except micromanage and then start managing each other's ICs.  * There was too much focus on the bright, shiny object that was an abject failure, and those who actually produced useful things for customers got little credit or support. Plus, we had to work harder to get things done in spite of having to waste our time on the bright, shiny object.  * Microsoft is quietly getting rid of its older workers. With each layoff, even those that are supposedly to "fix" the phone division debacle, older workers in other divisions are also laid off. They are often rehired later as a contractor at a substantially reduced rate.  * Management in my division made it very clear that any new hiring or replacements for those who quit would not be in the US. There is talent in this country, but Microsoft isn't willing to pay for it.  * Because of the internal politics and processes, any real innovation happens due to acquisitions and mergers.  * Doing the same thing over and over again is boring. I left to preserve my skills.
Disconnected from company vision, often feels like working in a silo
Review model continues to pit people against one another. Regardless of the HR rhetoric, there continues to be a forced distribution of rewards / impact, there is a fixed pool of dollars that can be distributed, and the lower side of the rewards scale is a linear one, and the upper rewards side the scale is an exponential one. Therefore, to give one person high rewards, it requires putting 2-3 people in the lower rewards section. This is enforced at level bands.  Getting a single zero reward review will end most careers, so it affects how people take risks, help others, etc.  There are still management layers stuck in the old behaviors that the culture is trying to dispel. It's slow going.
Lots of politics , beareaucratic
so many process to follow
Work have to be done, hard work, sometimes there is no time to rest. And sometimes the stress can be a factor
Insanely political, soul crushing, toxic environment with little sense of achievement for anyone
Good pay but not great. Slow to grow.
Lacking in product vision, oftentimes just working on random projects with no obvious purpose.
The problem with MS is that it is very big and successful. As a result, you have to be pretty senior to have a meaningful impact on products or sales. That being said, as long as you are comfortable focusing in a niche area, MS can be a great place to work.
Microsoft has been in decline for several years now rom being one of the best places to work to a company that is increasingly over bureaucratic and slow moving.
When I was there, middle management was woeful. Two of the worst managers I've ever had were with MSFT. It can be difficult to connect and align with people. Putting technical resources in offices with closed doors is not the best way to build community.
Big Corporation that has typical issues
Large company, you need to have the skills to manage through that type of organization.
Competitive environment, group culture could vary
In spite of an effort to promote a “Microsoft Culture”, different parts of the company have quite different cultures. Often try to solve all problems by writing code – even problems that could be better solved other ways.
After s certain amount of worked hour you now have to have a 6 month break
nothing really public image perhaps
Not stable decisions about the engagement
Focus on only growing jobs in Seattle Area
Work experience varies widely depending on the division and group you are in. Some groups have very top down bureaucratic subculture that can get in the way of agile progress, inconsistency of impact needed for promotions and rewards across the company
Very slow growth Have to work on old technologies Work is boring
Some old veterans do lots of politics
The way the groups are managed are very different, it's a bit of a hit or miss.
Sometimes not very flexible in projects arrangement and works
Vendors and FTE pool maintain distance. I was able to break the ice so that was very helpful otherwise Vendor group environment is quire boring.
The senior management at the time was completely lost and the company environment was very internally focused with lots of politics vs. consumer focus.
- After becoming a Senior Product Manager the movement towards becoming a Director is slow, is possibly takes 4-6 years from the time you become a Senior Manager, but salary does increase a lot even during those slow years. (if you make it to Director in your 30s you have done extremely well). - You have to take all your 3 weeks of vacation within that year
Commute has been getting worse as the area develops.
More work irrelevant of time
no free lunch, kind of bureaucratic
at certain times things can get frustrating and things tend to heat up which leads to some arguments.
Forced to update to Windows 10.
Way too political. Lots of in-fighting.
His stress, siloed environment, collaboration and assisting colleagues to improve performance not encouraged. Appears to be age discrimination.
Can be political at times, always a need to be vigilant and keep and edge.
isolated city where it is located
A bit more bureaucratic than let's say, a start up. Quite a few re-organizations of the company structure but I think it has proven effective and efficient for the company's growth. Can be a bit competitive internally especially in the engineering space.
Microsoft is a big corporation with all the problems that you would expect from a big corporation. If you want to be in a start up then join one otherwise you could do worse than join Microsoft.
Very competitive working environment, often leading to decrease in work life ballance.
Benefits could be improved - very large deducible
They prefer recent college grads and eventually push out anyone with tenure.
red tape bureaucratic work corporate politics too many managers less freedom to try new things by the book approach lack of motivation stagnant after a while
1. Can be less exciting than working at a small or more aggressive company (especially on the client side) 2. Salary and perks may be lower than competing software companies
FTE's were very unorganized
It's still a large company that can be bureaucratic
Too many engineers that are looked over
-Crazy performance review process that hasn't really improved even with many evolutions -Certain business units are really struggling, strategies changing so quickly that the company can't get the teams lined up with a strategy before it changes course significantly for another strategy -Significant thinning of management ranks is causing lots of folks to have stunted career growth -Too many program managers!
Meeting-soft + Email-soft Absolutely terrible trajectory for early-in-career progression if you're not an engineer and especially if you're a recent college graduate.
Year over year the local decision making authority was centralized, the local marketing budgets were halved, a thick layer of mid management grew oversized at the regional HQ, focusing on one thing: to stay there while changing jobs in every 18 months to avoid responsibility for their decisions You are as valuable as your last year's revenue Being scorecard driven (on top of revenue and profit driven) - distorts the integrity of people shared desks and Lync was problematic as a phone.
Work-life balance. Too many levels of managers. Managers who should not be managers.
-Over the last 10 years, it went from more personal feeling to completely robotic, and now something slightly less robotic. You feel very replaceable. -Satya's new culture and values sound great, but feel like they haven't made much inroads in the company. Ex. We have hackathons now, where we're supposed to get a week off to work on something cool. Unfortunately, schedules don't account for this, so if you do the hackathon, you still have to meet your deadlines anyway. Since they already fill you to the brim with work, it's not a real plausible activity. -Agile, but not really agile. There's a new agile movement going through the company, which is great! Unfortunately, leadership seems to still be operating in waterfall mode, so bottoms up planning still needs to be done. -Not invented here syndrome is really hurting the company's productivity. Teams are so tied to homegrown mechanisms for shipping it takes forever. Open source is making inroads, but there will continue to be friction so long as people's reviews are tied to value delivered, and value delivered is usually measured by working software. -Seattle area housing market is insane. Most decent homes within a reasonable commuting distance start at $650k+, at current mortgage rates, you need 20% down minimum ($130k in cash), and many home sales come down to bidding wars with buyers paying all in cash or $100k over asking.
Microsoft has so much infighting and internal conflict. It is really a nightmare sometimes, but it has been getting better lately.
Only engineers get hired as FTEs. Makes for a body of work that only has a left hand. No creative thinkers.
Still some old behaviors from past culture/review system can make it hard to collaborate, decision pace can be slow
Too many MBAs trying to figure out how to KPI everything!
Dynamic env makes low morale, which is costly for the whole team and the whole company. Think about it. Seriously!
Limited female leadership or opportunities for women, multiple levels of white, middle aged male managers with zero female directs.
*Microsoft can change your job title/function and rip your career out from under you whenever they feel like it (they completely did away with Software Engineer in Test which I have been for nearly a decade) *Management does not provide good advice on how to advance your career in the company, you have to figure it out on your own *The automation and code repository systems used by many parts of Microsoft are really out of date and cause significant delays in work *After getting rid of the test role, Microsoft in-development software is extremely buggy, and you are expected to use it during your everyday work to find bugs, and they keep begging you to install it on your home systems. Not paid enough to put my data and personal systems at risk.
*IDEA flow down, never flow up *product teams often clueless to what happens in field *scorecard metrics seem made up and not relevant *internal systems suck
I haven't yet found a con yet
Good not great compensation, the excitement of different groups is hugely variable based on whether you're in one of the better groups.
Rewards and work appreciation may not be as good in certain teams
not agile. red tape, lacks innovation
Inconsistent hours (schedule), very difficult to grow with the company, specialty stores are looked down on, bonus scale for specialty vs full line is bogus,
-Cronyism -Stack-ranked approach to annual rewards
Big, big company with variations in quality of talent as more support is outsourced. Microsoft admits when it was wrong internally but has a hard time jumping through all the hoops to get customers help fixing things, it takes a long time to get approvals since the dollar amounts are so high.
Depending on the role & assignments, work life balance would be off the equation, sometimes no life for weeks till products are launched to market.
Many ideas are just sparks that are later put off by bureaucracy. Many challenging problems end up with bug-prone patch works with a single goal of meeting self-inflicted deadlines. Smart people can be harder to work with, incompetent people are also sometimes pretend to be smart.
Lots of internal politics. You could be a great hard working employee and obtain a poor rating. Others that play political games or are friends end up with good ratings. So the sum of it, you can work your butt off, sacrifice everything, perform the most work, and still then be rated poorly. I am hoping the new CEO has changed this culture.
Managers that are clueless, lack of growth, stagnant enviroment
Too much of changes and insecurity of job
Terrible work life balance, weird promotion system, very bureaucratic, and slow.
Bloated middle management still left over from the old days, so protectionism and fear of failure drive all major decisions, relegating this once megastar company to the trash heap of 'us too' products and acquisitions to try and stay relevant. The product lines are stale, and the stock is stagnant. Buying other companies' IP is the only thing keeping the company alive.
Politics, slow moving process, can be hard to innovate
Some expectations of timelines cause for late nights
Rating system but it was removed. Too many A type personalities mean there's a lot of politics.
Limited scope to grow in a job because of a large company with defined roles.
Typical large company issues including politics and not enough emphasis on individual success. Problems with reward system.
work life balance can be tough, can be overly competitive, not always great front-line managers
Balance of work and personal is not fair.
Due to the diversity of team cultures, some teams may or may not be a cultural match depending on your preferences
-compensation is less than other big companies -technology stack is different than open source world
Things can still be very political. We also move slowly as a company. We don't have great tools to leverage code/knowledge from across the company.
It's a big company with lots of bureaucracy and sometimes hard to make an impact. Managers sometimes focus more on meeting the scorecard targets than on people management. This leaves plenty of room to innovate on things, as long as they are the right things.
Having 12 years of experience and world-level achievements, I was shocked how bad Microsoft is (at least the department I got into and its neighborhood).  AGILE AND PRACTICES. It's just a fancy word - nobody knows what it is and how to use it. Within one team people say that we do Kanban and daily SCRUM. Some say that Agile means "no tests" - that's why they prefer TDD. People just have no idea what they are talking about and don't realize how ignorant they are. Every person works on it's own project - no team collaboration at all.  TESTING. "Unit tests? Never heard of." They just don't know how to write testable code, and I haven't seen any unit test at all - everything just gets deployed to a test environment for testing, and full run of all tests for a product can take 3 days. No need to mention the complete absence of dependency injection.  SOURCE CONTROL AND FLOW. Source Depot, TFS, no GIT. No branch-per-feature strategy.. That is complete mess - so many times other teams broke the entire codebase..  NO SDET POLICY. After they removed the SDET role all Senior SDETs became Senior SDEs. Ha ha - good luck with that.  TOOLS AND FRAMEWORKS. Everything is internally developed at Microsoft, no documentation, just some people know little bit about how their internal crap works. Forget even about MSTests that is integrated to VS - they have another internal testing framework. The build system is horrible - it's designed to handle circular dependencies in projects!!! You are useless with your knowledge of most used frameworks, component, libraries when you get to MS, and it's opposite when you quit - all their internal crap will stay internal to MS.  MOTIVATION. Most of people just do their job and don't really care about all of those details. I've spoken to other newcomers - they have similar opinion about working at MS, not exciting at all.  WORK LIFE BALANCE. Forget about your life, slave. If you are on-call, that means that you need to get up at 3am on Saturday or Sunday and fix the issue, and you get nothing, just nothing for that - no extra vacation, no overpay - just nothing.  I STRONGLY DO NOT RECOMMEND TO WORK AT MICROSOFT FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO TRULY SUCCEED IN HIS/HER CAREER.
Senior Consultant is a travelling Job. If you like travelling this is a great job.
Only can use Microsoft technology in designs if solution exist Very large company means layoffs have nothing to do with you personally
In some orgs it is hard to trust that everyone is getting a fair deal. Too many large teams have Indian managers from top to bottom. The message is, if you are not one of us, there is no place for you in management. Some teams struggle to find their focus with so many org changes, sometimes 2-3 times per year.
I can't think of any cons working at Microsoft. It has been one of the best career opportunities I have ever experienced.
bureaucracy, layers of management, ., ., .
Hard to move to corporate or higher positions, have to move to Seattle. Sometimes its a little disorganized with assigning tasks (workshops, appointments, etc.)
1. MSFT is a PM driven company instead of the place where engineering rule 2. Work life balance ruins when PM do bad planning 3. Spend 26 billions bought LinkedIn without spending 1 billion providing employee free lunch 4. Hate self-host which wasted lots of dev efforts and engineering time
I worked for 7 months, therefore is hard to find something bad about the company. However, the boss I had, had very little experience in leading a team, so that created a very uncomfortable environment.
There is substantial variance in Sales Management styles across Enterprise Sales. There is a mix of old guard and new guard. A number of VPs and Directors have come from outside Microsoft with dreams of monthly blood forecasting which doesn't quite work with Microsoft annualized agreement structure. Also, certain roles -- other than Enterprise Account Managers - are changing dramatically, so expect some turn-over in the ranks you work with.
A lot of ambiguity, a lot of people contribute to the team so sometimes difficult to define swim lanes and enforce accountability
The internal politics around reviews and work assignments can be cutthroat. Basically, your experience depends on your manager and team, and managers change frequently. Not to mention there's usually a reorg every 12-18 mos., so even when you like your team, it might not last. Also, because of the competition with peers, there's not a culture of mentoring the newer folks. Management quality varies because of the Peter Principle.
To work in the Azure group you should be prepared for: 1. This particular work group lacks absent of any of the published Microsoft company values. 2. Complete and total lack of honesty by nearly every people manager in the group. Very few are trustworthy. 3. Unethical hiring practices - hiring managers are encouraged to avoid hiring women and Caucasian men. 4. Engineers and Project Managers are specifically asked to hide product lapses from the public and customers especially around security and other gaps which might slow sales in any way. 5. While publically stating that the customer is first - behind the scenes the directors and other senior managers spend countless hours determining how to conceal defects versus fixing them. 6. Product planning in this area of the company is conducted by the equivalent of 5th graders who have absolutely no idea how to run planning exercises which results in complete and total chaos during development. Efforts are often uncoordinated and result in both Engineering and Project Management teams fighting for scarce resources resulting in incomplete features or skipping quality and security controls.
None that I can think of right now.
No downside, with the exception to relocation to other areas within the US. The company does not allow you to easily transition from other locations
- Moving between teams is not an easy task - Overall experience is highly dependent on you manager - Perks are outdated in comparison with industry - Many managers are there from career progression but are not good with people and don't enjoy the role
Too many business groups, with a lot of politics and little kingdoms. Very difficult to navigate and pick your next role effectively. It can be a bit cutthroat.
Like any big company, sometimes in-transparent management decisions.
Sometime you may feel it is too big and take time to know what is all happening.
Still an engineering company, which means design and experience are put on the back-burner for most products.
Stress, Internal politics, High competition between employees
Have to switch roles too often
Microsoft is in transition which means opportunities are shifting and some will be negatively affected. This can feel like a tumultuous time for those who are stuck in a profession that is on the "De-invest" list...so people need to stay on their toes and be ready to learn and change.
Being a contractor, you will always be reminded that you are not an FTE. Understandable and usually offset in my experience by the people you are working with are decent people.
hard to get alignment with other teams, not real one Microsoft yet, too many people are working on the same things in different teams which is redundant and could have more synergy, PC industry is declining.
Poor balance of staffing vs dept demands. Tribal knowledge over transparent process and tribal knowledge often wrong or cloaked in nontransparency for self protection.
Considering I worked for Microsoft and the bit of insight I knew about Microsoft's finances, eventually I began to feel underpaid. Compared to our competition, retail jobs do not pay a lot unless you're in management or working as a teacher. However, they expect you to handle so much crap and juggle multiple duties that other people are being PAID to do. Management at my store was an absolute joke and it's the reason I quit. It was a lot of shady things occurring in our store and favoritism was a huge issue as well. People were not held accountable for their mistakes or lack of work unless management didn't like you. After constantly complaining and filing lawsuits against the store manager, most of the management has been replaced but it personally left a bad taste in my mouth for Microsoft.
No work-life balance. Performance review process created a heavy work environment and hindered creativity and productivity. Not all managers are good.
lower pay than industry. pm driven, closed stack
Pay is not very competitive. Some orgs have much bureaucracy
Corporate bureaucracy, things take forever to get approved
Re-interviews when moving around the company. Some teams are good, others not. A lot of politics and shuffling as projects come and go. Company was not (2014) moving in good directions until Nadella became CEO.
Complex licensing, large number of accounts to manage
Change is threatening. There are still people here who are holding on to the "old way" with both hands. But their grip is loosening and unsustainable long term.
Not agile enough Lots of managers with old school mentality
Slow to react to market changes, does not have socially oriented mission, isn't fast enough to introduce and capitalize on breakthrough technologies, does not connect existing technologies for breakthrough customer experience
-Uneducated/inexperienced management. Most were promoted from the vendor team, which didn't require them to have much experience, proof of drive or higher education -This is a 'start up culture' within an enterprise company, as they like to say. What it means is that they are constantly trying to figure out the next direction, without putting in place a long-term vision -Disconnect between what Bellevue wanted the center to be versus what it actually is. Bellevue execs hired our team with lots of promises of sales conferences, sales incentives, bonuses, mentors, long-term career paths and more. I have seen NONE of it and, so far, each of those promises has been taken away (our contracts are very vague--be careful!!) -Microsoft Fargo is a SCARY place--I have never seen so many white people in my life. I tried starting a diversity initiative on campus to celebrate all the cultures that were being ignored, but that same management saw this as "distracting". Satya's initiative is to be "diverse and inclusive" and Microsoft Fargo FAILS
More than fair share of sociopaths, borderline personality disorder sufferers and type-a folk. If you need or prefer a team based environment as a working style, you will likely come unstuck
large organization and lot of processes sometime slows down innovation and development
I did not see much of a downside. I worked at Microsoft for 25 years and had consistent personal, financial, and business growth. I came up through the ranks and enjoyed every minute there.
*Slow-moving at times *Decisions can be bureaucratic *Easy for career to stagnate without proactive effort and being on good team
Contractors are often talked down to. There is absolutely no HR situation for Contractors. Full Time Employees (FTEs) say inappropriate things, make rude jokes, snap at you when you've done nothing wrong.
* Extremely political. * You have to be very careful with management and with peers, if you talk too much about what is not going well and how to change it you may be seen as too negative and that you can never overcome even if you are sincere in your intentions of making things better and offer suggestions on how to change * Values external candidates rather than internal ones * Slow to respond to new technologies or opportunities
There arent many cons i can think of but not any that cause me to leave from there but its ok
Extremely political organization. Your primary sources of competition are from within rival groups. Work life balance was nonexistent
Competitive environment, reorgs are often, lack of management training shows in how newer managers treat their teams. Microsoft seems to hire an overabundance of Type A personalities. I didn't see a lot of contract employees turning into FTE employees... the unwritten rule is you have to leave Microsoft and then "come back" a year or so later to be really considered for full-time employment.
Little laid back culture. Hard interview process. Changing job for internal candidates is also equally difficult.
Large company which makes recognition harder.
No clear direction on the company
too much hierachy, No free food
Since the company is huge and everyone is busy, it can be challenging for a new hire to ramp up (although there are a lot of self-help tools).
The company is very Redmond focused
Management Issues (WDG) Slow at times Lower in Stock
Hostile to women kill or be killed attitude Pushes employees with years of experience out to hire more junior, cheaper staff Not innovative
apparently i need to write twenty words about something that I don't like about this company, but I can't come up with twenty words here, so I'll just keep writing that I don't have twenty words to write here
Some middle managers... must I say more? My layoff was part of a mass exodus from studios and a few other groups. Some middle manager (over efficient NYC j-guy, not kidding) had decided there were ways to save a few bucks here and there. F' that.
Company politics may get into the way.
I would say the hardest part about the position would be the long hours and high levels of stress for sales professionals.
Executive Infighting, no clear direction or strategy, Long hours
A decent amount of frustration occurs due to politics. Your career can excel more by aligning with the right manager and drinking the Kool-Aid with a lot of enthusiasm. Less based on your performance and impact. This is relative but being able to jump on the new trend handed down by management, learning the lingo and not questioning the merits does provide results. Not sure this is worse than other large corporations. Also, layoffs are now a regular part of doing business for Microsoft. If you plan on staying no more than 3 years is a safe bet. Satya has really changed the top level culture of the company but it still will be a few years before group start to trust each other if they ever do.
No food. Values outside experience more than inside experience.
Pay is not as good as other similar companies. Unsurprisingly, most of the technologies you will work with are on the Microsoft stack which is decreasing in importance outside of Microsoft.
Lost of re organizations in the company. Employees have a different manager each year in average. Still trying to figure out how to be dynamic and swift in changing markets, customer needs/desires.
- Company is slow to react to external competition because it is such a huge ship it is trying to turn course but has so much mass and excess baggage its not as nimble as smaller companies. - Some acquisitions are complete failures, it appears MS is on its mission to acquire its technology vs develop it in house... MS you HAVE the talent and resources in house, there is no reason to spend billions on acquisitions. Elimination of its SDETS and Infra teams, placing onus on developers (and even worse customers) to maintain quality and infrastructure... This is having impact on quality, and not directly impacting the company is riding on what was in place before the SDET role was eliminated, this quality 'lag' will catch up...
There's still a lot of old school senior/principal people that are fish out of water as the company transitions to services.
- Company is slow to react to external competition because it is such a huge ship it is trying to turn course but has so much mass and excess baggage its not as nimble as smaller companies. - Some acquisitions are complete failures, it appears MS is on its mission to acquire its technology vs develop it in house... MS you HAVE the talent and resources in house, there is no reason to spend billions on acquisitions. Elimination of its SDETS and Infra teams, placing onus on developers (and even worse customers) to maintain quality and infrastructure... This is having impact on quality, and not directly impacting the company is riding on what was in place before the SDET role was eliminated, this quality 'lag' will catch up...
Poor location with lots of rain and dark long winters. Summers are nice but short. Seattle is just crazy weird, if you're a freak, this is not a con.
I feel that I was put into the wrong team to start with, and think it might take a while before I can get into a position that I truly enjoy. Haven't yet found a good opportunity to switch teams. Learning the internal tools and processes can be a huge challenge if you don't know the right people, and there seems to be little effort in aligning teams with each other (there are multiple internal tools all solving the same problem)
If a laid back environment isn't what you like than some parts of the company aren't for you. I was working in a fairly laid back environment, with only occasional time where there was pressure to get done ahead of schedule. As a contractor, you have to take the 6 months off between contracts.
Extremely poor mid-level management Wasteful, lots of false starts Work environment tolerated mediocrity
As time progresses unrealistic expectations on performance are made and priority is placed on self-promotion over actual deliverables. Stack ranking is still alive and well and there's is no recognition of team work.
Very competitive. Politics become very challenging as you rise in level.
Big and process can sometimes slow things down.
Pay is a little under industry average and benefits get worse every year.
work life balance, usually busy finishing up projects late at night.. but worth it.
Similar to other big companies. Sometimes we work long hours, some of the work is transactional, they have flattened the organization so there are less opportunities to be a people manager.
When it comes to working environment, Microsoft has evolved a lot in the last couple of years. The evolution was triggered mostly by getting rid of the draconian stack ranking review system where even great engineers could get poor reviews. However, there`s still much to improve before I could say Microsoft has a friendly and truly cooperative environment and a meritocracy based rewards system.  There`s still a lot of politics where the people who rub the managers back the most are the first being rewarded, most engineers there are not really interested in helping each other, rewards are not based on results and talent, but on politics and the number of years they have been working there.  When it comes to work life balance, some managers push people to work very hard, but when they do so and achieve great results, there`s little to no recognition for that. In some managers mind, working 12-14 hours a day is just expected, other managers might not push you too hard, but don`t expect any recognition from them as well. To be fair, it`s fairly quick to get promotions from lower levels, but from mid to higher levels (62 and up), it becomes very difficult: just results and talent is not enough, politics is required.  When it comes to compensation, the base salary is fair / aligned with the industry, but stocks and bonuses are well below similarly recognized companies, so compensation altogether is 50-150k below companies like Google, Facebook, LinkedIn and even Amazon.
out of date tech. Cannot learn new things.
Lots of new moms that go on maternity leave. Its awesome that MSFT supports moms and dads so well for the leave, but your teammates make up the slack when you're gone, its not like they bring in additional resources to help.
Sometimes work/life balance can be strained. Senior management sometimes seems disconnected from lower levels of operation.
Still quite a few bitter people
At senior levels things become extremely political. This is the case for most companies of any real size, from my experience
Work schedule can be hectic.
- It's an enormous and bureaucratic company which means long cycles for decision makings, difficult to corral resources, very siloed work groups, etc. (that being said most people are only a Skype call or an email away and people actually respond if you have a reason to be contacting them) - Your happiness is dependent on your manager - there are a lot of good managers, but there's a lot of bad ones too - Sales culture is fairly passive compared to competitors, I often wish we were more aggressive in marketing and sales campaigns
Expensive as standalone program. Print feature hides some options. No Google Apps connector yet.
Can get very competitive and sales driven. If you do not preform you will be called out on the floor.
Can't really think of any cons...
Gets somewhat discordant due to the size of the company and getting things done quickly is a challenge.
Hard to grow with in the company
Long hours, frequent re-organizations, poor work/life balance
Slow to get promotion. Even if you are a top performer, you might not get recognized well enough due to managers peanut buttering the review results. Hard to get things done with such a large org. Too many people to criticize your work without doing anything.
Critical situation calls come in every day. If you pick one up, you may be able to hand it off at the end of your shift you may not. So it's hard to make plans for the evenings because you might be stuck on a Critical situation call with no hand off for a while. I think the longest one I had to wait for was about 4 hours past my normal shift. If you don't mind that kind of thing, then this may not be a con for you.  The other thing is that they really don't offer training. You get some time to onboard, but they essentially give you reading material and then put you on calls with customers. Knowing what I know now I would have used that onboarding time differently. But there wasn't (at least in my case) much direction. This job is very good for people who want a career and lifestyle where you eat, sleep, and breath tech.
Blue-print. organization chart changes every year and it's not sure you're going to keep your position
limited room to grow/get promoted
the commute and everything else.
Inconsistent employee and manager quality across the board. A lot of re-organizations. A stack ranked system of performance review that is infamous. Consistent bias toward women in terms of salary and promotion with a few token women in managerial positions (usually in marketing, PR and what is considered "soft" areas of tech). This is endemic in the tech field and Microsoft is no exception and they do not have any organized way to correct for this gender bias. No good managerial oversight or training so your experience will depend on the manager you get. There are a lot of cases of fickle and incompetent managers at Microsoft, not in the high-profile roles but in the less visible teams, it can be run as fiefdoms with a lot of playing favorites. A colleague called it having "pets". If you are on the right side of it, you'll be happy and on the wrong side, you'll be frustrated.
Old guard not going anywhere, stifling career advancement Rating system, when I worked there, was a hot mess. Rating an IC (65) along with someone two levels higher (67) that is responsible for over 200 people will never be comparable.
It feels a bit like second tier to Google and Facebook
None at this point. Will see
Process and review orientate approach.
LOTS of stakeholders no matter what you do, so you need to convince a lot of people to get big things done.
Stack ranking is officially gone, but it's really not. Still evaluated against your peers Vs. your own commitments against results. Company seems to be flushing out the senior (expensive) talent who exceeds quota in favor of junior (cheaper) talent who lacks track record of experience and success. Not sure if this is real or imagined but it's what I keep hearing as I network my departure. As with any company, lots of internal politics get in the way of success. Heavy on the process, too.
Easy for average-level employees to get comfortable and never leave. Management by fear.
Several competing investments and projects.
Stack ranking is officially gone, but it's really not. Still evaluated against your peers Vs. your own commitments against results. Company seems to be flushing out the senior (expensive) talent who exceeds quota in favor of junior (cheaper) talent who lacks track record of experience and success. Not sure if this is real or imagined but it's what I keep hearing as I network my departure. As with any company, lots of internal politics get in the way of success. Heavy on the process, too.
Easy for average-level employees to get comfortable and never leave. Management by fear.
constant reorganizations and downsizing, low job security
Nope. No cons that I can think of... did I mention the party at Bill Gates' house?
non downsides for this company
Self promotion is still a necessity - hard work doesn't cut it
Not as much room for promotion or growth (at least on the team I was on). People were very competitive, but the vibe was that management expected people to work with both ends of the candle burning as the norm.  While there are many product areas, my impression is that exploring other teams and trying to transfer to another is strongly discouraged. Transfering to a different division is even more of a challenge.  Not much support by management to explore areas of interest in terms of new tools or technologies. This might have been a culture trait of my team.  Lots of redundant menial work that should be automated, but no bandwidth given to work on tools for these. Also a lot of the existing tools were slow or error prone and needed to be improved or redone, but again no bandwidth given for these.  Not great at onboarding new employees in my team (I am not referring to the general NEO done by HR). Lack of training materials and outreach to integrate new FTEs.
Career progression could be slow or overly dependent on manager.
when company is large you need to try to get projects that are impactful.
Work-Life balance and performance review systems.
Re-orgs are frequency and can bring entire organizations to their knees with lost productivity. Still a lot of empire building and politics going on. Things can take a very long time, or be cancelled following a ton of heavy lifting and investing when a re-org takes place, wasteful!
Too much politic and less cooperation
I had a really bad experience working for SMSG CSS finance, cutthroat and dishonest.
Political infighting amongst execs can make for a frustrating experience.
not all teams take risks, incubation is driven in special teams, not autonomous
Work life balance is good from a flexibility standpoint, but there is a lot of expectation that you're going to be available to do things well outside a normal day, or above a normal 40 hour workload. Some of the internal training is ridiculous and has no value to employees.
I have no complains at all
Microsoft seems to be making a concerted effort to reduce compensation. One by hiring younger workers and secondly by reducing ability to hit bonuses. Microsoft also is notorious for changing strategies before they fully understand it current strategy will work long term.
The company is dying. People are disenchanted, unimaginative, and in general just don't care. A lot of things are "the way they've always been". Way too much people who have been there for 15-20 years and don't know any better. Terrible fragmentation between teams makes collaboration next to impossible. Unnecessarily rigid scheduling leads to sandbagging and hampers quality. Way too many PMs. People aren't interested in helping you _at all_, moreover, come review time it is not uncommon for backstabbing to break out. HR pretending that rather obvious cost cutting measures are "better for the employees". Heavy weight top-down culture. If you like to work with minimal interference, this is not the company where you will be able to do so.
Low pay, poor decision making from upper management
Needs to have free food
None. Be willing to stick it out and make yourself and your work known, and you'll be fine.
Still very new to adopting open source technology. MSFT technology are not widely used in the startup companies
Strategy is not really clear, levels of hierarchy could be further reduced, hard to tell if the managers do any real work.
Redmond is kind of boring
Always learning :-) job demands a lot of commitment
Too many alpha personalities
Bureaucratic and devoid of good leadership
Management seems to lack direction
Poor handling of layoff. Let a ton of really talented people go.
little work/life balance, competitive, challenging to work together due to size and organization which can be frustratingly slow to make changes
A lot of work but you learn a lot too!
Hierarchical top-down management requires significant amount of influence to get anything done. Calibration of employees (stack ranking) with a required 5% yearly attrition rate can cause managers to fire good employees over time. If you are not progressing to the next career level fast enough, you fall to the bottom of the stack. Some people do not want to be promoted to a role they will not be happy with. Work-life balance was a term thrown around a lot, but people were generally overworked despite that.
Stale when it come to introducing new ideas
Research is not a respected discipline PM discipline is not very educated or diverse in thinking Hierarchical Still dysfunctional
Wow - what can I say about the rank and file leadership and managers at Microsoft. Poor doesn't begin to describe it. The company has a culture of promoting high performers at an Individual Contributor level, and doing nothing to grow their leadership or management skills. So you end up with managers that have no experience in managing, and it shows! In 6 years I've had 4 managers. One is the best I've ever had in my career (fluke), one was the absolute worst I've ever had, and the other two would not have lasted long as Managers in any other company I've worked at.
Monolithic code and teams means old school dev process
Pay structure is little low compare to competitor.
Individual ownership / accountability is hard to find. Lots of group think and no clear ownership of issues if cross functional. Big picture blurred at the expense of individual (department) goals and deliverables.
I can't think of any.
I can't think of any.
Not sure what the future of program management is at Microsoft.
20 years later and the FTEs still look down their noses at the "contingent staff"
I did not find any thing special to talk about.
Company is in a major transition and with the new leader Satya they are on the right path. He has the vision to make the transformation into the cloud era. Big part of the revenue still comes from legacy product on prem. Making the shift to a cloud based solution company is a major change. Not sure if the management team below can lead into this direction. Many long timer leaving as there is no clear guidance and Satya`s vision seems to get lost in translation.
Management and internal movement is suspect given the "good ole boy" network
Microsoft has lost its passion
If you work for Microsoft corporate (non-field) and are based outside of Redmond, the culture is somewhat lacking. Opportunities outside of Redmond are also somewhat lacking if your not an engineer.
work sometimes overload, restaurant sucks
The politics of the review cycle are the main focus of most employees.
Too much politics and if you are not able to sell your agenda, then you are trailing
1. Your boss always makes you feel stupid. 2. Your coworkers will help your boss to make you feel that, as a women, you should stay at home with your child. (What a fantastic working place! They are so thoughtful!) 3. Your coworkers (most of time, they are males) love to use curse to build a bond with others. As a woman, you are unfortunately excluded.
In my two years of working there has been 3 reorganizations. Too much reorganization causes confusion, resulting in more time figuring out things internally then focusing on the customer.
I can't say anything bad about the company
-The org structure slows project progress and delivery -Job/employment stability isn't what is once was
Often lack of clarity of priorities Without a v-dash or access to many SMEs, often hard to do job
Political Review Process is not "fair" Unrealistic Growth
bad management, depend on manager
Nothing really, hell of an opportunity.
Doesn't move very fast anymore
Lack of cohesive vision at all layers of management, many managers are keen to take their favorite folks with them when they move orgs, displacing incumbent employees. HR needs help to ensure all employees feel heard. More focus needs to be put on employees returning from addiction-related leave, instead of just managing them out.
work life balance and leadership disconnect
Everything is your fault. If they can find a way to blame you, and believe me, they will, it is on you. It can be a project, a client, anything, but more important than anything else, your career. Yes, despite the fact that management overwhelmingly controls what you work on and the skills you develop, they still blame you for career failings. Sure, you will be thanked constantly for your contributions and asked to continue chasing the carrot, but the carrot is a lie.  Constant in your face lying. You will be asked to sit down for a whole day and listen about how management cares about your development. Just don't be dumb enough to believe it and approach them with their own words. Nothing good can come of being an authentic honest employee.
low salalry, seattle is gloomy
There are no cons.
Huge company so many stakeholders to manage. Other than that there are no exceptional cons it is a great company
Sometimes the pace of the environment could be faster.
No open source Politics Difficult to grow up the ladder
Technical issues for work at home take days sometimes to be resolved.
Long term employees not as motivated
There was less diversity than I thought there would be in the program, there should be more programs to intern at.
No development for leadership No recognition for a job well done Cannot trust people that you work with No growth Retail brand not aligned with company vision Spoken to disrespectfully multiple times No work life balance.. Someone always needs something. There is no true day off. Haven't had a great day in months
companies performance management tools hinder people managers from promoting top talent and can end up handicapping good employees who aren't willing to play political games internally with high management execs
No room to grow Products that don't work Drive sales too hard as if it was a used car dealership Terrible managers
- Sometimes totally unattainable quota with no reasoning behind it - not unlike many other sales environments
Pretty much a mixed bag as well - some places aren't as good as others. Teams can be very different from one another and sometimes oversight of management is not optimal.
There is always pressure to do better/more and it's difficult to get away from that. Microsoft also felt like it was behind the industry in a lot of areas.
Salary is less than competitors
low salary compare to other compnay
lot of politics in management. stack ranking has this company going in a downward spiral. I think they are at a point where recovery is almost impossible
The company is very paternalistic. I haven't felt that ordered around since high school. The harsh review cycle encourages bad behavior by employees. Internal politics are quite brutal. People helping each other without some ulterior motive is rare. Not recommended if you you are a mid- late career person. The above noted pro - lots of smart people - leads to a lot of arrogance and hubris. People are always *very* serious.
- Stack ranking may be gone (on paper) but continues behind closed doors - Re-org, Re-org, Re-org... just never cease. Strategic re-alignment is supposed to be a good thing but bad execution kills the game. - Lateral move (to retain talent) is encouraged but the opportunity is rare because hiring manager is not embracing growth mindset. They'd rather hire someone who already has the skillsets instead of believing skills can be developed.
You sometimes have to integrate with MS products when there are better solutions out in the world.
No cons for me. I really enjoyed my time there.
Be selective of which groups you join. Highly factionalized, with a surprising degree of difference in work rhythm and expectations. Some groups have ethical and motivated managers, others attract an insular group of people the look out for their friends first. Evaluations MAY be objective or not.
Bad location no parking in area
Work load and speed
Politics, never ending layoff waves, re-orgs....brings overall productivity to it's knees on an ongoing basis.
Not as agile as smaller businesses.
Tech stack is getting out of trend and way to far from open source world.
There is enormous amount of pressure to move to Redmond to advance your career. While there are roles available in the bay area the vast majority are in Redmond. Manager are generally are not supportive of distributed teams so to move up you move north.
Positive work environment has disappeared over the last three years -- now working for Microsoft Retail Stores is nothing but hi-pressure sales for any job position that is customer-facing (product advisor, service advisor, manager).
Political challenges, hunger games on steroids.
Typical cons of a big company, which has grown too fast
If your technical and report to a business program manager then your career is in a slump. Being technical is looked down upon. If your manager is not technical, then you will never be appreciated by him or her. You will always be a threat to him since he or she is not technical. In order to stand out, you need to fudge all data and manipulate #'s via excel and present that raw data in MBR. At the end of the day its about making your boss look good!! And your manager has no appreciation for any of your work.
Too much control in the hands of some managers. I was there seven years, exceeding quota, winning awards including Platinum club I had a great pipeline and my manager decided she wanted to do something different and I was gone.  Peter principle is alive and well
Still a bit slow moving. Promotions happen on average once a year, if at all. The majority of the leadership is middle-career, very few young leaders. Still somewhat sales focused, but fortunately moving away from trying to get people to build Windows Phone apps.
Highly competitive internally. Lots of very talented people everywhere in the company. Sometimes with big egos that can be a challenge. Company has many successful business, so sometimes it can take a while to learn how to navigate.
Other teams are not very responsive.
really weird politics, definitely a microsoft way
There real aren't any cons to the job, the benefits are good and the work hours can't be beat. So the only way there is a con is if you choose to not do your job
Location. Microsoft is isolated and therefore it can be perceived that people are living in a "Redmond-centric" world. Lots of people - collaboration is key and ownership is limited.
* When an upper-level change happens, the downstream impacts can be significant * Continues to be a very siloed corporation * Heavy reliance on contracted work continues
Positive work environment has disappeared over the last three years -- now working for Microsoft Retail Stores is nothing but hi-pressure sales for any job position that is customer-facing (product advisor, service advisor, manager).
Constant re-orgs and subpar job security  Too much politics , that you sometimes have to play the game  Not uncommon for people to work on livesite issues 90 hours a week (xbox)  People are overworked and produce low quality  No onboarding or training  Moving towards openspace neighborhood setups where productivity is hard to find  Use of ancient practices/technology  Traffic is getting worse every year, and expectations grow, so work/life balance almost doesnt exist.
Nothing bad. It's Individual way of looking
Obsolete engineering systems and processes.
There's no down side working for Microsoft/Atos.
work pressure hectic schedule go for it
The referral program has some constraints that may pull the company's leg. For example, we can't refer college graduates while almost all those SV startups can (they even do internal referrals for interns). The referral bonus is lower than the competitors.
The referral program has some constraints that may pull the company's leg. For example, we can't refer college graduates while almost all those SV startups can (they even do internal referrals for interns). The referral bonus is lower than the competitors.
nothing really not good. overall good
leadership are different from time to time management changed two much from reorg to reorg
Quality of people managers not always the greatest. Sometimes feels like people are taking managerial roles for the pay only.
It is difficult to grow here.
There are no cons for this company
There are too many meetings.
- as with any big company difficult to get the big picture and stay engaged
New to retail processes and technology makes daily functions frustrating.
Lacking the ability to swiftly counter react to adverse in customer appeal
Communication between teams can be dismal at times and the work culture isn't as diverse as their trying to make it.
Culture lacks empowerment and female leadership
Despite the attempts to change the culture at Microsoft, there are still pockets of legacy employees who are in a fixed mindset, and struggling to adapt to the growth mindset culture. Legacy employees still like to "own" things (business processes, programs, etc). Also, given the sheer size of the company, it can be a struggle to create an agile environment. Work/life balance can be a struggle and requires constant prioritization (most managers welcome prioritization exercises).
Uncertain future in Cloud, SAAS, non-windows
Awful culture! The legacy Microsoft sales reps seem out of date on technology and prefer the method of stabbing each other in the back in order to advance rather than simply out performing.
Stock performance until recently. Too many layers of approvals/management and lots of politics to climb the ladder. Would be nice for overachievers to know they could rise to AGC, but not at all guaranteed. No one can even say how it happens
It's a tough culture to break into it. Very engineering centric in product development (vs customer focused). Found people to be very passive aggressive not giving direct feedback. I also found the company to be very process heavy. Every action/decision had to be backed up with significant data and done a certain way. People were slow to change direction/adapt. Made it very difficult to work in a fast-paced industry. Solutions to problems tended to be over thought and unnecessarily complicated.
Difficult maintaining work life balance.
Organization is complicated. Roles and responsibilities are often not well defined and hence many hours are wasted in back and forth meetings and clarification. Lack of documentation makes it difficult to pick up works started by people who are no longer at the position or in the company.
Trying to get a good product that the customers love in the first release is a challenge for Microsoft. I can list many products that took 3 releases to get there. But the perception of the initial release sticks and take a long time to go away.
reviews set, recent lay-offs too many re-orgs
Company is a little too big for my liking
Can feel like a large, hierarchical corporation
Not always meets the succession plans
A lot of processes to follow
- Work life balance is crazy, the hours are very heavy - If you don't have a visible project career opportunities are harder
Haven't find any as of yet
- Large company so you have to make special efforts to stand out. - Reviews are mostly driven by manager's perception and ability to represent you in calibration, wish they would move to peer-to-peer feedback
Most of Microsoft's products are strongly bound to legacy code, which makes them trepidacious about original ideas. I was supposed to make an extension to some auxiliary production software--it took six weeks (halfway through my internship) before I was allowed to write a line of code!  Take this with a grain of salt. At Microsoft, the most important thing is what team you're on. I was not very excited about my particular team's work.
Very middle management heavy, lots of internal presentations/reporting, slow to move on things
Very middle management heavy, lots of internal presentations/reporting, slow to move on things
Too bureaucratic and hierarchical. Teams work in silos and often have their own interest as opposed to working towards a wider and common company wide goal.
Lots of micromanagement from the team and managers. Since the company is so large there is little to no recognition or reward for putting in the extra work.
it's MICROSOFT. You will work... HARD. The burn out can get to you and you won't know its happening.
Getting promoted can be challenging and at times slow. Often I see people leave the company and they come back after couple of years and they get hired at much higher level with better compensation very different from the people who kept working in the company for that period of time continuously. Besides since Microsoft is super huge, sometimes great ideas dies in management ladder.
i dont really have any cons. Other than long hours and traveling long distances.
Benefits reduced, not employee focused, internal competition encouraged, everyone out for themselves, teamwork diminished. Reviews for managers to sometimes give numbers they feel are not fair to employees.
The demands are challenging and work-life balance was poor, especially in IT which is growing into more of a highly specialized career track. Frequent re-organizations add uncertainty.
Project is too small scope Too political and slow in the decision making process Hard to get promoted to next level
Still "not cool enough" perception from the outside
Pay gap between jobs is very high, and getting to the next level isn't easy.
Poor leadership, political, too many layers of management, impossible to spend time with customers
Management created and enabled an atmosphere of conflict.
It's an engineering first company so design is not top priority.
Some corners are still old world. Internal mobility is easier than before, but still a hassle.
Senior Management is all about their own careers and not about effectiveness. Constant reorganization as if that will help, basically shows they don't know what they are doing.
Not sure of any yet
Large organization which sometimes limits speed of idea generation and responsiveness.
It is a large company and can definitely feel like that sometimes. Not always the most agile.
Too political and slow in the decision making process
Slow development even if you are amazingly good. some people in the management are not up to the tasks they are assigned.
Extensive travel, base salary is a bit low
Bureaucratic, Slower to implement solutions
Senior Management is all about their own careers and not about effectiveness. Constant reorganization as if that will help, basically shows they don't know what they are doing.
With the removal of stack ranking, many of the common cons associated with Microsoft have been eliminated. Most cons have been the result of my particular teams, but Microsoft does use some older technology for engineering which can be cumbersome. Be careful if you sign up for a "quality" role as you may not be getting what you expect.
Easy for peopel to retreat at such a big company. but it is what you make it. can be a bubble. if you go there, and want to learn and push yourself, plenty to do
- Opportunities hard to come by - Sometimes you don't get paid what you're worth
decisions and prioritization of work
- Still very sales-driven in many ways (many folks in leadership roles still drink the Balmer Kool-Aid) - Certain technical roles do not have technical management - All careers here will ultimately lead to Redmond
I found Microsoft to be too internally focused. Limited opportunities for promotions for most people. Many people are in the same level for years with limited promotion. Calibration still exists, which wouldn't be a CON if it wasn't so subjective. Basically, if you aren't playing an internally focused game, you will be at risk on your rewards. Again - one of my PROS is the compensation. Therefore, while there might be lots of back-stabbing politics to play on the corporate campus, you might still take home a good wallet. Personally, I prefer to work around people with greater integrity. Given Microsoft's focus on collaboration / productivity solutions, I was blown away by the demand for F2F meetings. It takes a great deal of time to gain consensus and get things done. Limited budgets.
I found Microsoft to be too internally focused. Limited opportunities for promotions for most people. Many people are in the same level for years with limited promotion. Calibration still exists, which wouldn't be a CON if it wasn't so subjective. Basically, if you aren't playing an internally focused game, you will be at risk on your rewards. Again - one of my PROS is the compensation. Therefore, while there might be lots of back-stabbing politics to play on the corporate campus, you might still take home a good wallet. Personally, I prefer to work around people with greater integrity. Given Microsoft's focus on collaboration / productivity solutions, I was blown away by the demand for F2F meetings. It takes a great deal of time to gain consensus and get things done. Limited budgets.
Like with any big company, we needed several rounds of ppt presentations to get buy-in from different parties before moving on a project. Slow innovation, although that may have changed with the new CEO. No transparency from upper management.
Moved too slowly and did not adopt non-windows platforms early on. Lost customers as a result. The trend is changing now within the company.
Reorganizations all the time Occasionally a bad manager can block your progress if they can't sell you Stalled career progress can limit you for a small time
Some orgs are siloed, makes it hard to switch projects easily
big company mentality, which means big company politics. If you can find the right group, great. If not, or if your group gets re-org'd info a bad fit, you're screwed.
good place to work in actually no concerns
A lot of beurocracy. Needs to be more startup like and entrepreneurial.
The promotion cycle was a bit slow. They still review their employees with a bell curve which leads to only a select few getting promotions and big bonuses (even though many people deserved them, the stack ranking only lets a certain number of people get promotions each year). I saw many of my colleagues leave before their signing bonus was up because of this.
- You can become too complacent, and career growth may stall, unless you are motivated enough to constantly keep evaluating your situation - Not enough opportunity to learn new (non-Microsoft) technologies. Although this is changing in many teams now.
since there is few stores the room for growth isn't too good unless you're willing to travel to a new store opening which is usually in another state.
move slow and sometime managers are not very good at managing.
* Promotion is rare. * Work with old technologies, or non-industry-compatible technologies.
- Lack of culture - Lack of accountability to priorities, personal responsibility, and deadlines - Slow
Hierarchy, cog in a wheel
If you want to get ahead, you need to play the politics and stick to a manager consistently. Learn how to play the game early on, so that you are not surprised when the review time comes. It ALL depends on your manager. So
Commute to Redmond is not ideal
Some groups and products in the company have a long history and as a result carry some degree of legacy weight in both coding and process.
Work/life balance is horrible for many. Lots of office politics that can get in the way of people doing their best work. Company culture is still competitive to the point that it harms teamwork.
Need to work sometime over 10 hours/day.
Need to work sometime over 10 hours/day.
- Scuffle for visibility in every layer rather than work itself and it is encouraged - Managers look for stereotypes - Work life balance depends on the immediate manager
Has transitioned over the years from a loss leader driving platform adoption to more of a body shop trying to fill all the slots created by YoY growth. Business metrics still rule the day, whereas a decade ago it was "are you happy doing what you are doing". You will still be asked, but the focus has shifted somewhat as the business has grown.  At the end of the day, your career decisions will take a back seat to whatever is easiest for the management chain. I saw people who were rock stars at the customer receive poor annual reviews after requesting new opportunities.Customer loves these people - called them out of critical to their vision. and they get the lowest review possible?  You will need to find opportunities for 'impact'. Simply providing excellent service to your customer, handling all the training, keeping up in your specialty is the bare minimum. To be fair that is communicated to you.  You will need to make sure you can stay engaged and build your network. Its critical in finding  You may also find yourself looking longingly to Redmond, wondering what it is like to be a 'real' MS employee.
Promotion and growth is not easy, depends on how your manager likes you The teams are not connected. inter-team collaboration is not easy Often you can find many teams doing the same work/tool.
extra long hours for most of jobs
Politics, potentially terrible managers who are retired in place, hard for younger engineers to get traction to move around in HW - while SW it's much easier, tons of silos between orgs
Microsoft can be a little insular and internally focused, although we try not to be. Managers aren't uniform, there are good ones and bad ones everywhere, and you can get a bad one at Microsoft. The environment can be very competitive, it's not for everyone (and getting in can be very competitive too).
You'll need to learn how to put things down at the end of the day and go enjoy life (yes, it's hard sometimes).
Need to know some basics of Networking.
Career growth can be slow within the company
Now to much dynamics and required a lot of changes.
Has transitioned over the years from a loss leader driving platform adoption to more of a body shop trying to fill all the slots created by YoY growth. Business metrics still rule the day, whereas a decade ago it was "are you happy doing what you are doing". You will still be asked, but the focus has shifted somewhat as the business has grown.  At the end of the day, your career decisions will take a back seat to whatever is easiest for the management chain. I saw people who were rock stars at the customer receive poor annual reviews after requesting new opportunities.Customer loves these people - called them out of critical to their vision. and they get the lowest review possible?  You will need to find opportunities for 'impact'. Simply providing excellent service to your customer, handling all the training, keeping up in your specialty is the bare minimum. To be fair that is communicated to you.  You will need to make sure you can stay engaged and build your network. Its critical in finding  You may also find yourself looking longingly to Redmond, wondering what it is like to be a 'real' MS employee.
Culture is kind of crappy. It feels like Microsoft is geared toward an older generation, so there isn't a lot of excitement about products.  Also, in a non-technical role, it feels like you are not as valuable as a technical person.
Some managers can be hit-or-miss, and your experience can be either really awesome or just ok depending on who your manager is.
As most large corporate organizations, the implementation of innovative ideas and new services is cumbersome and takes a long time. Processes prevent form time to time an agile work environment.
The amount of annual bonus and stock rewards are low.
i do not have any advice about cons for me when i work at there.
Should speak up to show your work Highly matrix driven than reliability of matrix Quantity than quality
Things are much slower to move. Also, there is politics involved when it comes to projects and rewards allocations. There are groups at Microsoft which are close to stagnant in terms of potential and make it difficult for your career to have good rate of growth.
Management varies from team to team. Some are good, some are very screwed
Advancement can be difficult, especially if you don't fit the mold, it's very dependent upon your immediate manager's opinion of you vs the level. A lot is influenced by his ability to sell you to his peers and management. A lot of legacy around, you often have to earn your stripes per team trudging thru that before allowed to significantly contribute on a design level. Lots of employees who have been there for years get the choice assignments.
Continues to have target for removing employees each year in SMSG division. Forces loss of good people and discourages good leaders within company.
Lengthy 6 month break period after completing a contract.
Terrible work life balance. Combative. Cultural fit demands you protect yourself from blame and push work to others.
The products and management really werent good enough to stay
Depends on the team and manager
Management doesn't seem to fully invest time to mold employees
Pay, work every weekend, and classifying employees who work 40 hours a week as part-time.
Company is very large, so easy to get disconnected from other departments and teams across the organization.
Giant company to navigate around
sales team can be a bit too focused on short term targets and numbers
Very high pressure environment. Recent changes have caused teamwork to be de-emphasized and practices to focus on individual work and achievement.
Work-life balance not very well(( Some management are crazy.
frenetic pace...then nothing...then frenetic pace
Salary is smaller than Google and FB
Old school growth model that basis job growth by time I position rather than performance. A lot of people leave and come back to get to the next level.
Since company is still fairly new in the retail game, there are a good amount of kinks the company still needs to nail down.
Politics, fighting for resources and poor work life balance.
Not something that worth to mention
-Have not seen any issues yet
Process gets in the way of agility
Politics and old leadership that needs to turn over
Senior management decisions Working with groups that have no clue what we do, but expect us to do everything
Perks are not as great as other companies nearby, still have to pay for food Being remote is difficult when the headquarters is in Washington
It's such a big company, you can get lost under a bad manager and nobody will notice. There can be too many people working on the same thing sometimes, which causes overlap and some territorial stuff.
Poor management. Convoluted sales commission plan and employee rating plan. Definitely buddies taking care of buddies. Behind the curve in lots of technology, like phones, tablets, etc.
Lots of "old guard" employees that like doing things the way they've always been done. Lots of re-orgs. Lots of moves. Hard to get out from under poor management. Very bureaucratic.
Can be a bit of a maze to navigate at first but resources are almost infinite.
Tuff place to sell at the same job for more than a few years. It can be feast or famine. Cloud has taken over, but on premise people seem to be second class citizens. Customers who just don't want the cloud can't get the conversation they need sometimes. Although the cloud is the future, sometimes it's not what the customer wants.
1. Transformation creates chaos and that can make for a tough work environment in many groups. 2. Cross-company top talent mgmt and retention is a stated goal but there are no real processes or advocacy in place for this (talent retention decision making is at the group level with no visibility to other groups at MS needing the same talent, skills, roles filled). 3. Re-orgs are a regular occurrence where your role, manager, division, etc. can change overnight. 4. Tendency to change a product or feature too soon or wait too long to change it. 5. Still not enough weight or influence given to Customer-focused or UX positions & talent.
Nothing that I can think of
Can get boring and not fun
company is very very large
Politics. If you find yourself great at navigating the intricate politics and get your job done, this is for you.
bad choice of managers (some)
Despite the great community, the atmosphere can be very tense and even hostile in times of stress or when cutting close to a deadline.
Internal politics considered harmful Very much a company in transition, unsure of how to navigate certain worlds like open source Too nice to one another - means certain solutions are all met in the middle which can be hacky or obtuse
i only get a 20 square foot or so office, and late night calls to israel, china and india take away time that I should be sleeping so I am more refreshed in the morning.
The management and leadership changes and reorg happen very often that creates challenges for employees. I was laid off from my position due to team merger, the whole experience during the merger was painful.
Departmental lack of strategy Diversity quotas create an unequal work environment
Departmental lack of strategy Diversity quotas create an unequal work environment
Too big and too old
Typical corporate warfare.
Slow moving and lots of processes to make a decision.
Employee are worked hard poor work life balance
Some bad managers Corporate culture & processes
Most of the groups and management is good, some are definitely stellar. However, there are some bad groups, and bad managers that seem to rotate around. Reorgs are sometimes highly destructive to products and services, and back channel prejudice is bad in some groups. Don't tolerate weak ethics or leadership, if you see it or experience it, get out immediately, especially if it is new incoming management.
They need to figure out the perfect dynamic to link retail and corporate.
Lots of tape to push through new ideas, can be frustrating to advance if you don't understand the leveling system.
Pace of work often leaves little work-life balance.
Sometimes it feels too big.
Not too futuristic and stuck in the past to be honest.
Upper management often doesn't understand what is happening at the lowest levels within the organization and often make decisions that those in the lower levels, don't approve of.
Not a lot work life balance. Need more improvements on communicating, which lead to working 4-5 hours over shift time.
If you're an Engineer this seems to be the place to work. For anyone else, not great. Seem to be moving to open floor plan vs offices.
the culture feels old and worn. yet there is a snobbiness about microsoft that they can't seem to shake. they also value age and experience over what seems like everything else.  microsoft is no longer the cool kid on the block---even though the people who have been at microsoft for decades still seem to think they are.  also, microsoft can be a a bully. and not in a self-aware way.
Duplicate roles seem to be common. Coordination across work teams is difficult, but is a great opportunity.
Salary/Position not necessarily reflect what actual work has been done.
It's a huge company, and there is certainly bureaucracy. And of course, your experience of the company is heavily influenced by whether you have a great (or not so freat) manager. Your mileage may vary.
Career growth can be challenging depending on the team you're on, sometimes politics get in the way of getting things done.
If you're on a team where things just don't feel right, move on. At Microsoft, you need to be aware of your surroundings, the politics of your group and the groups with which you interact. It pays to be politically savvy.
Microsoft is very much aligned to Management Chain so as long as you're on a good team, and have a great manager you're set, if not....
the eternal Full time, contract frustratration
Corporate initiatives and goal alignment may not support niche business groups.
All roads lead to Redmond. Not many opportunities in other geographic locations. So relocating is a great idea if you want to move ahead at Microsoft.
We had a change in management at my location and the turnover rate spiked. For a long time, the most common reason employees left was a promotion within the company. But I saw more people leave last summer than I'd seen in the 3 years we'd been open. I can't speak for everyone, but for me, it was depressing to check my work email after a few days off to find out another co-worker was "no longer with the team".  By the time I left, it no longer felt like I was part of something bigger, it was just another retail store with a revolving door of employees. It's hard to feel like you're part of a team when your "teammates" change several times a month.  There were other changes I disliked, but it's difficult to explain those without getting too specific and losing any anonymity Glassdoor may give me.  If I had left a year earlier, this review would be 4 stars and my only complaint would have been the lack of communication among managers. But seeing things change the way the did has left me disappointed.
Lengthier selection process if from totally outside.
Corporate bureaucracy that is sometimes hard to navigate
Too many politics between different teams and organizations. Very slow in reflecting to outside opportunities and customers.
+ It's still retail at the end of the day + Hard to move up + Long hours
Slower career growth comparatively, develop skills market doesn't want
Constant reorganizations Bullies Top-down decision making can make you feel powerless
There is bureaucracy unfortunately, as any big company. Sometimes can happen you may get stuck in a bad salary and needs a bit of political movement to go up in level.
Slow, if not impossible, to make changes. Base pay is on the low end when comparing to similar companies. Especially when other benefits like healthcare are no longer industry leading
Stressful at times, no other real cons.
Opportunities to advance are more challenging for remote employees, but I don't think that's a problem unique to Microsoft. The competitive nature of the company can make it tough at times to have your voice heard. Numerous turf battles within the company can be draining.
laid back, taking a lot of processing time for everything
Very political and top management slow to move
Not open to hiring people with non-microsoft background (even though they say they do, they don't actually follow it)
If you actually care about building products that make sense and have an impact, then this is not your place. It's the tech-equivalent of a Detroit car manufacturer: slow, boring, silo'ed, and process-oriented. You don't get any end-to-end responsibilities unless you've been there for 20 years and have finally 'served' enough time to make Corporate Vice President. Even then, there's a ton of pointless politics and absolute lack of regard for how simple the offering should be and how to serve the customer. Half the time, nobody knows what the hell is going on in the organization. The company is so big and bloated that there's so much duplicate work going on, and zero ownership given to young, motivated, smart people. You're expected to 'shut up and learn', and don't suggest or question anything until you've been around for as many years as it takes for someone to forget when you joined. Long-story-short: terrible company for someone looking to make difference in the world around them.
If you want something more different look at venture funded startups as soon after the series-A close as possible. There will be more room for you to do things "beyond your pay grade" at a big company and less for negative politics.
An existent age and gender gap. It is improving, but certainly exists in the workforce.
Very hard work. Long hours.
Mobility is tough, its very hierarchical and process heavy. The lack of agility to respond to market opportunities or simply have a business review that isn't weighted down by process can make the company feel like the post office at times. There are fewer job openings than in the past and you must have an advocate/sponsor to progress. Doing good work isn't enough and despite more talk of valuing diversity, women and minorities are often the ones who lack the needed advocacy/sponsor to move up or simply stay in the ranks.
Top Management heavy. No room for growth as a contractor.
Difficult ways of working and culture. Satya is really doing a good job in making the company more human, but there is still a ton of progress to be done as most of the employees have 5-10 of in-house work experience so not something you manage to change overnight.
Too many levels within the company. Everyone tries to prove themselves, which results in stepping on each other's work.
Stressful at times, no other real cons.
Not enough managerial support with no explanation
In the end, it is retail. You can work a lot of hours depending on the season, but hours can get cut and work can be boring when holiday seasons are over. With that being said, it can get boring when it is not too busy. Also, you have to deal with the occasional Apple fanatics that want to test you.
Large company with a risk of feeling small.
Brutal infighting at the middle management level. There is a preference to chasing what partners want, rather than solving problems faced by really Microsoft customers.  Benefits and pay are okay, but they're not kept up.
every decision needs multiple meetings and many people, highly bureaucratic, top management GM and above are political. recently too much continuous layoffs
bad managers and program-managers can cause late hours with little learning. 'Those who don't know the past are doomed to repeat it' can be said often about the place. The SDET removal caused a lot of institutional lack of care about testing and regression prevention.
The company is so inwardly focused. Decisions are made based on what lets managers and execs check boxes on the internal scorecard and get their bonuses. Employees are still ranked and reviewed on a curve, no matter what the company says about having changed the system. And many people are still treated very unfairly. The people who thrive at Microsoft are those who absolutely drink the koolaid, and focus on managing up.
Can't think of any cons now.
Management is a toss-up. In my 5 years with MS I've had 9 managers. 1 was excellent, 2 were decent, 2 were a nightmare, and the rest were forgettable. Of those 9 managers, 6 of them were in a different location, and 4 of them I never even met in person. This makes it really hard come review time.  They have a weird review system where basically a certain percentage of the company has to be let go every year. This makes for a lot of competition, obviously, and also makes it hard to really help or collaborate with teammates, since you're basically doing everything you can to not be that bottom group of people.  They claim that it's easy to move around the company, but I've found that to be very untrue. Once I was hired, I stayed in my role for 2 years, became a subject matter expert, and then tried to move on to the next thing. I wanted to expand my knowledge, keep learning, and try something new. It's been 3 years since I started trying, and I'm still in that same role I started in. And I have great reviews, so you'd think other teams/managers would be interested in me. But the reality is that moving from one team to another is incredibly hard because the way we are trained here makes us incredibly knowledgeable in one small field, and basically clueless in everything else. I wish I had a broader knowledge base. This also makes it hard to find new opportunities outside of the company.
politics lots of reorgs 24/7 work expectation
Bureaucratic - sometimes painfully slow. Decisions can take a long time and it can get frustrating at times. Growth can be quite slow if you are in one of the traditional teams like Office. Not everyone works equally hard and that can be frustrating.
Not all management was as good in all studio groups (YMMV). Some contractor relationships with FTEs were strained because of their transient situation ( Don't get too close to that Dude he's out of here in a few months or until a re-org occurs). Conversion to FTE from a contractor position although a possibility is something I never saw first hand (some kinda unicorn scenario)
It took five years to happen.
Culture has moved to a sell first mindset, and you'll be pushed to make sales quotas, even if you weren't hired to do that. Management has no idea what they are doing, cronyism is ripe.
Definitely not a place for women to work, the management really tries to show they are fixing the culture but consistent gaffs like the XBOX party and feedback from other women in the company show that there is a toxic culture that persists. Additionally the culture is very old boys network and can be hard to succeed unless you are lucky enough to form good personal connections. Ideas aren't evaluated on merit but on political prowess and connections.
Still stick to MS specific technologies/tools a lot. There could be some hurdle when seeking outside opportunities.
not all teams have interesting projects, pace of work also varies
Not having certificates for Microsoft solutions for interns.
sometimes the free snacks are too sweet for me
sometimes balancing work and life can be crazy
a little boring at times, has grown so big that it has left hand/right hand issues
Stuck in 2000s culture. Lack of genuine collaboration. Not hungry enough.
Culture is slowly improving, but far from a startup-like
The coffee machines break sometimes.
Not easy to get in.
Challenging to stand out in a big company
Management can be spotty if you are in the wrong group/division.
Sometimes the quality of work is not as good as you would expect it to be
Easy to get lost in a large group, terrible if you don't have a good manager, emphasis is often too much on process, work life balance still isn't great, some groups aren't receptive to new ideas, and as a rule collaborating cross group is challenging.
Work hours can get weird due to global nature
Too much politics. The hiring bar is not standard across teams at all. Switching teams in Microsoft feels like switching companies because of how different it can be (can be a positive or a negative point).
Difficult to level progress pass 64
I cannot think of any con
If anything, when starting at the company it can take a while to get connections to other groups inside the company without knowing where to go. Getting a mentor to help navigate the company is invaluable.
- Too internal focused - Engineering systems lagging behind
Problems include silos, execs who are sometimes out of touch with consumer customers and women in general, and challenges working quickly on new opportunities.
Sometime the corporate culture gets bureaucratic and slow, but certainly not more so than other big technology companies
N/A Extremely difficult working in a team with no community support
Extremely demanding Always on mentality Matrix environment creates stumbling blocks
It's a large organization so if you want to be recognized, you really have to work hard.
Engineering tool chain is not agile as it should
work environment is backstabbing, middle management is the issue. need new leadership in this area. could be a great company with those changes
i'm not quite sure what the cons are
Engineering tool chain is not agile as it should
Everything going in so many directions, can be hard to stay focused before something changes and you have to adapt. Big learning curve to get up to speed on company and culture, while managing your job.
Highly focused on headquarters in Engineering. Low comp for the industry.
the best. no cons at all theyre the best every i cant say much more about this company because i love them so much
Hard to manage its multiple responsibilities. Marketing budget too tight to deploy ambitious plays. Limited controls or automation to measure demand generation effectively.
Not really anything to complain about
too much teams with overlap work
Data Storage mechanism for certain departments are out dated.
Isolated from rest of the world Technologies used only by Microsoft and no correspondence from outside Applying waterfall in the name of Agile Backstabbing by peers because of the stack ranking Solid hierarchy, not letting people to speak up their ideas Very harsh politics, not letting best ideas/brilliant people to win
Slow turnaround time, but same thing for all the big corps
Strategy is not clear , frequent re-orgs
Performance model is still broken - lacks clarity, good amount of red tape, promotional velocity can be frustrating and criteria unclear
Strong work ethic, anyone that works here can be sucked into a high intensity work environment with limited work life balance.
stock price not moving as fast as the market
Performance reviews are less about your actual contribution at the workplace than they are about managerial opinions about your leadership skills and growth potential.
No room for advancement. Low base pay. Bonuses are dependent on teams performance then your own. No overtime.
Too many middle managers, mostly not competent enough to effectively either drive the business nor manage a team, main interest and focus is growing size of the team and play politics to manage up their careers. Changes, for the sake of a change or for trying new things are too frequent and not relevant. Very limited customer-facing Impacts are possible in this company.
Still has a culture of rewarding people on individual achievement vs. shared accountability, too many mid and senior managers at +15 years who lack drive and passion.
It's a big company. Even in more senior positions, it can be hard to really do work that makes an actual difference.
Poor managers, politics, hard to advance
A bit intimidating, as the interview is 3 hours and you meet with three people.
Managers who don't know how to delegate and guide instead of micromanaging. They frequently promote high performers to management, with no regard to whether they can manage people well.
Risk of losing job. Risk of running into a BAD manager that will screw you over and target for job elimination
Everything at Microsoft is based on levels and yearly reviews, if you come into the company at the wrong level or get one bad performance review, don't expect to do much with your career. HR is a joke.
I wish we got more holidays, especially in December. We really get very few paid holidays off that aren't our accrued PTO
Not as easy to change teams as one would expect. Maybe things are better now.
Politics - anytime you have a juicy project watch out, someone else is going to make a play for it. Limited upside - Microsoft hasn't been able to really reward people relative to companies like Google or Amazon.
Sometimes reviews could be tough. You have commitments and you have utilization that are used to base your bonus calculations and depending on your level, you have tougher challenges.
Same as any company of similar size and stature
The tools used for the Microsoft online store are very outdated and manual. In order to measure site preforamnce one has to do hours of manual work.
Can be very political, you need to have a good relationship with your manager and your skip level managers support. While stack ranking apparently is no longer used, there is still an unfair process of evaluation that is not based on accomplishment of goals.
Not as easy to change teams as one would expect. Maybe things are better now.
Microsoft is overly bureaucratic, which isn't a surprise for a company of it's size, but it makes it difficult to get work done in a timely manner at times. In most cases, all roads lead to Redmond, so it can be career limiting to be in other locations if relocation is not an option or want.
not many career growth opportunities
Nothing to write home about.
Layoffs and uncertainty at times
Still implementing new systems
Salary, not fun job, stupid mamgement
sexism and ageism in the workforce. If you complain, you are marked. constant change makes employees fearful and therefore less collaborative, more defensive and feeling as though "I must succeed at all costs". Review process has NOT changed. On paper yes, but not in reality. If you make many small impacts the work is dismissed for those who may drive one large project. Evaluations are not focused on holistic impact, peer reviews are selective, and can be excluded. process can be very subjective with no recourse. Basically, my experience was if you are sub-ordinate and do not have an engaged or support manager you literally are screwed.
sexism and ageism in the workforce. If you complain, you are marked. constant change makes employees fearful and therefore less collaborative, more defensive and feeling as though "I must succeed at all costs". Review process has NOT changed. On paper yes, but not in reality. If you make many small impacts the work is dismissed for those who may drive one large project. Evaluations are not focused on holistic impact, peer reviews are selective, and can be excluded. process can be very subjective with no recourse. Basically, my experience was if you are sub-ordinate and do not have an engaged or support manager you literally are screwed.
I think that you just have to be very open minded in a lot of differnt things. This isn't really a con but just something to be prepared for.
Leveling competition within the company is a huge pain, it's hard to move up even if you do great work. I've heard people leave to go elsewhere and then rejoin at a higher level. If you don't like what you're doing or not performing well, instead of helping you find another opportunity on the same team or on another team, they may ask you to politely resign. Big teams = low employee morale and lack of fun culture. The smaller the team, the better and more close everyone is, as it grows, you can pretty much forget about that connection.
No real cons at all.
Retail side isn't integrated into the company as a whole and they are still trying to figure that out. Training and onboarding process can leave you asking for more.
Individual managers can make or break your overall effectiveness
too many divisions/team with conflict of interests
Management have had personal issues that got in the way of the job environment. The Microsoft Store was within the mall, so the store can get a little rowdy sometimes. Difficult to achieve promotions without having personal relationships with management outside of store.
There is nothing bad about working at Microsoft. it's retail so you have to hustle to make sales but it is easily the best retail work environment I've ever experienced.
No major downsides except for the promotion structure where best candidates are not always those hired.
The company still hasn't quite solved the issue of how to create collaborative culture, especially in the PM organization. Individual impact is still the primary thing that is valued / helping others is mostly paid lip service to. Good managers do encourage, but those are seldom/adhoc.
Still a lot of pressure to perform, differentiated rewards, always managing low performers out
Total lack of centralized anything , makes relationship building the only way to be effective. The place is held together by brain power and attitudes.
High turnover within the company, at least with younger employees. Many of the people I worked with in the company ended up leaving to pursue other opportunities. Also, work-life balance can sometimes be skewed, and you really need to set boundaries because they will otherwise swallow you whole, if you let them. They weren't so great about letting me work remotely when I had to pick up and move out of the continental US, but I also don't blame them, it was a big change in distance. That said, I do wish they took employees trying to come back more seriously!
There are still people with a "legacy" mindset (political, risk adverse and "comfortable") who need to be pushed out so the employees truly interested in seeing Microsoft succeed can push through.  Overall, I found the people managers at Microsoft to be lacking. Most managers (in my experience) are not interested in propping others up or improving their leadership skills - they are more interested in their own careers.
Depends on the project - may be stuck with old technology Review model is blocking the growth (even the new model). Have to be in position for X years to be promoted to next level.
Was part of lay off in 2014. Seemed to be a poor method for keeping the best talent, and getting rid of the dead wait.
If you are in a traditional team, things can move really slow
The pace that was required to meet quarterly earnings expectations were, at times out of sync with our market segments sales cycle. This created unintended sales negotiations mistakes that did not favor either side.
I worked independently for the project I worked on. It would have been better if I had a chance to collaborate more with other engineers.
Some process but otherwise very smart people
High meeting overhead. MS strategy tax. A lot of smart people doing stupid things collectively.
Work-life can be tough Large company so can be tough to navigate
- Large organization, can be frustrating during re-orgs - Not innovating as much in certain spaces - Lots of politics and management heavy, hard to get things done quickly without approval
The politics are thick and rampant. In an effort to improve and show management that you're making an impact in the company, many will often backstab and/or throw their colleagues under the bus.
Microsoft seems to have lost some of its mojo. Satya Nadella seems well suited to recapture the magic, but down in the trenches there is still some latent tension as a result of self-protectionism that stifles not just innovation, but also just shipping and marketing solid products.
Not many bad things to say. If you do not like a fast paced environment that is always innovating and changing then Microsoft is not for you.
The only con is the location and commute time. It's super expensive to live close to the Microsoft campus, so we choose to live 20+ miles away, but Microsoft does provide a bus service, so that helps.
No technical challenges or training, pay is not fair among all candidates sharing same level, a lot of re-org
Schedule and travel can be challenging
Ageism, getting large company mentality, slow to adapt.
Its a slightly old style company. Main location is in Redmond so the bay area is not the best place to be in for growth.
The company and projects and technology are not generally revolutionary or cutting edge. Processes are a little bureaucratic as expected in a large company.
not enough sharing and coordination between different teams
Work/life balance Team mindset shifts blame and responsibility to those capable vs those underperforming
Slow to get there... painfully slow. A lot of older workers who are waiting out their last few years of employment
At the time, company direction was not clear but since the new leader, they are headed in a clear direction.
New Recruit needs time to learn the Company Dynamics. Need to be in a good Team with Clear directions.
There is a lot of process in the software development process that add unnecessary overhead to the system.
I didn't find the work to be as engaging as it could have otherwise been. It is definitely like working in a huge corporation.
Nothing of much significance so far. The only con I see so far is that because of the size, it will be difficult to navigate through stuff initially.
Expectations unrealistic, out of country workers hard to work with, HR incompetent. Newcomers will be expected to climb the ladder, but reorgs will get in the way as will people sticking to only doing things the old ways. You'll be asked to drive and come up with ideas, but having to deal with team projects will get in the way of actually accomplishing anything.
Like many places - there's always more to do. It's fast-paced, demanding, and frugal. As a budget manager and strategist, I always feel like we're asked to do more on less... but that's a healthy exercise for any responsible company to go through on a continuous basis.
There are politics, but that's the way it is anywhere.
Barriers to get to next level/Director Work-life balance lack of coaching/guidance to get to next level Fewer opportunities to advance in Individual contributor role Lateral transfers even when you qualify for higher roles
Sometimes it seems there is a lot of bureaucracy and questionable decisions made by upper management depending on the organization
Microsoft is a big company. You do have to do a lot of self promoting to make sure you don't get lost in the shuffle.
Poor management and ambiguous work environment. Health insurance used to be good, but is very expensive now.
Politics Microsoft is still in old world top-down thinking. The amount of influence you get to do things in other start up and competing companies is huge. Microsoft doesnt give you that kind of influence. it is improving under Satya. But it will take time to seep down. (problem with top-down)  Good if you are fresher (again you are missing out a lot of learning from startup world or from competing companies with great collabaration)
Career movement. Do it early in your role and often.
Politics Microsoft is still in old world top-down thinking. The amount of influence you get to do things in other start up and competing companies is huge. Microsoft doesnt give you that kind of influence. it is improving under Satya. But it will take time to seep down. (problem with top-down)  Good if you are fresher (again you are missing out a lot of learning from startup world or from competing companies with great collabaration)
Poor decisions in hiring, purport to have a big focus on culture but don't hire managers that embody that culture, no clear path to advancement.
Silos Can be limited by one bad manager
Company feels very top heavy where there's a disconnect between what the management envisioned and what is being built. Everyone is more focused on keeping the people above them happy and nodding along.
No work life balance at all
Can be a bit too Redmond centric
Highly political, performance reviews dependent on whether your management likes you (not whether you get lots of stuff done and positively impact customers / business), aging culture and work dynamic drifting away from start-up / hot tech company norms
Big. It's hard to see things end to end.
- No innovation but just try to chase what Apple or Google is working on. - Change development plan or project too often time.i.e. cancel the project after hiring experience engineers from all over the area. they have to be placed irrelevant area. - I saw many smart new grads come toMS due to high pay. Money is not everything for engineer. If you want to be Program manager, then MS is best option for you
Forced attrition - a few good people leave each year because they're the lowest performers on the team. That doesn't mean that they're bad performers - it just means they didn't have a good year. So, often times, the culture is one of "fear" - "who's next?"
Inconsistent management at the mid level. Managers change frequently
demanding, email culture, difficult to make changes to old way of doing things
Poor tools. Constant "dogfooding" of half-baked internal products.
Middle management can be an issue for career development
Poor managers. Not a collaborative environment. Difficult to expand your knowledge after you're pigeon-holed into your project. Unhealthy competition.
Anymore, Microsoft cares only for its stockholders and stock price. They will do anything, including cutting as many employees and programs as possible, making their products worse, and mistreating their users, to reduce costs and improve the bottom line. If you are old or female, if you work in content, especially if you have been successful and long-term so your salary is high, you will or probably have been axed. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. They used to hire "Microsoft material" and train you as needed, but now they hire whoever can do the job du jour for the cheapest price, then they will kick them to the curb too. No one's job is safe except possibly the upper management layer whose sole concern is to keep their own jobs and fiefdoms. Expect to work with lots of minimum viable products, cancelled projects, reorgs, office moves, and a weird Microsoft jargon that is mostly TLAs. Endless meetings and PowerPoints yet a lack of communication, wasted and duplicated efforts that can go on for years. Also expect your family and friends to constantly complain or seek your help with their Microsoft products, and to realize that a lot of the outside world hates or scorns Microsoft and with good reason.
Churn, managers are inconsistent and moving from a 'good' manager to a 'bad' manager can impact your entire career at Microsoft.
Communication and information is hard to come by.
Scramble to get things done very often
Nothing to report here, yet.
Microsoft does not treat seasoned employees well. They would rather fire someone who is getting up there in the salary scale and hire a brand new college grad at much less salary.
Demands are high and fast. If you're solidly Type A, you'll be okay. Management quality and ability is highly variable. Good, effective managers are not the majority of the management pool. Org structures are typically pretty vertical, too. Expect frequent reorgs that may suddenly put you in completely different teams, projects or roles.
Very competitive, all results are driven by business impact, and too many moving parts gets in the way of real progress.
You stuck with contract somehow
low stock growth, stagnant salaries
numerous managers are ill suited to the responsibilities of being a people manager. You manage your own career, and need good managers to help you advance.
Leadership in Microsoft is clueless. Rather than setting a direction and getting people to work together as a team, pulling in the same direction, Microsoft exists by pitting one employee against another. VP leaders refuse to set priorities, instead talking about "the power of and," which means you do everything or you get fired.
Managers play too much of a role in one's career trajectory.
Still kind of Boss -employee nature.
Can be very political, people get ahead more from knowing the right people, do not sell enterprise services correctly, we still push products versus solutions, we are forcing good people out and replacing them with inexperienced college and MBA grads instead of tenured people
Internal requirements have become overwhelming and place a real strain on leaders ability to engage in their business outside of the office. The sales comp plan is impossible to understand and track. This is a real issue for top sales performers
* The healthcare used to be amazing but they changed it so it is slightly less amazing * The review process was very anti-team focused as well as involving concealed peer reviews
Politics can pull you down in case you are deeply focused on working without self promoting your work. Need good manager for career growth.
not Apple, low upward mobility, long hours with little feedback from upper management ja feel
- slow moving company - too many people are busy working for promotions and not driven to deliver value
Due to its size, there are many wasted effort on many groups try to do the same thing. countless rewrites. the company is also process heavy. Overall engineering efficiency is low. Also, no free lunch!
Always room to improve benefits given the reduction year-over-year.
Politics can still be onerous. Some managers still more driven by ego than results. Your experience will be largely driven by your manager, and their manager.
Long hours. Unnecessarily complex fiscal year planning process.
Too many processes. At time inflexible to new ideas
You have to commute to the eastside.
It's a really competitive work environment.
VERY high demands, which can cut into that work life balance. Nobody will ensure you have this balance, and it is up to you to maintain it. If you are passionate about technology, like I am, you may find yourself having difficulty choosing work/life balance over going that extra mile for your projects and team. There is ALWAYS more work to do, and the company will always welcome, and incentivize you to chose more work. Travel expectations can be unreasonable for a "family person" (although, not unreasonable from a business perspective). HUGE organization, so we do suffer from your typical Big Corp Problems: Communication difficulties, inter-departmental collaboration, business goals/objectives and their alignments at the separate business divisions are not always as tight as they should be, and of course, you do at times feel like a number but this is trending in a positive direction.
No major cons identified as of yet
- Not a con, but some advice... Keep one eye on the responsibilities of your job, but pay close attention to your Annual Commitments set at review time. You can be superb at your day to day job, but if you don't live up to your commitments it will cast you in a negative light and reduce your chance of career progression. - Work/Life balance can be a challenge if you're a parent of a young child - Bad managers can hide very easily in such a large company. I was lucky and always had good managers, but they're there. Make connections and try to find out about hiring managers before changing roles...
It is an awkward time as there still are segments of the company that are in the old mindset of building empires and protecting what is theirs. They are not thinking collaboratively enough yet. Early engagement with engineering teams seems to be where this resides... hoping that the message will continue to permeate.
Work life balance is difficult. On call all the time.
Jealousy, uncooperative people, corrupt people
Middle management stifles everything. Satya can't push his agenda down and ICs can't push their creativity up. Everything dies in between CVP and M3. Those who figure this out move on, or relax.
If you're on the wrong team, it can be dreadful. The culture may be improving, but the hierarchy is deep and cumbersome. You need someone to teach you the politics.
local management needs more work to appreciate its employees..
Huge bureaucracy makes it hard to get things done Many backwater departments lack clear mission Highly impersonal management style
The whole atmosphere is not active
- red tape - career advancement
Company management does not respect its older workers and is laying them off in droves. In hallway discussions, managers discuss how to "youngify" the company's workforce.
management was terrible, but what can you do its retail life.
Lack of communication between FTEs and contractors
Management is not the best.
Everyone leave their positions right after office hours
Very hectic and poor work life balance. Need to perform at very high energy levels to get recognition. Need to do visible work most of the time. Poor planning and overcommitment.
The store is located in a mall that inst particularly nice and the mall frequently has issues.
There have been a lot of painful reorgs. Perks of being in a location that is not HQ is limited. Technology is not the newest or most exciting in some teams
I was looking for opportunities to work hard and get ahead. I wanted to see my efforts and contributions reflected directly in my career trajectory and I felt that I wasn't going to do significantly better in terms of learning or making advancements by working super hard. I also wanted to diversify my skill set instead of just focusing on engineering and that was hard to do in the environment.
Not a lot to complain about in my experience. Again, if you're going to work at a very large corporation, Microsoft is not a bad place to be.
Tireless pace / demand, Complexity of Large Corporations, Managers that don't understand servant leadership and operate with fear and other altruistic intentions.
Not much. The city is beautiful.
Organization is evolving into One Microsoft. Taking time.
Lots of layoffs, constantly cycling through contracts.
I don't feel challenged nor that I'm learning much, if anything, at my job.
Frequent re-orgs (every 6 mos.) did not work for me, overall Parking always a problem Many incompetent managers
Politics and re-org are painful
- to much attention to the level - not easy to change level
Because Microsoft is so large (~100k employees) and so old (founded in 1975), there are pockets of "we've always done it this way" that can be frustrating. Many teams are able to adapt to new technologies and methodologies, but some teams are so large and have been successful for so long, it's hard for them to shift. This feels like it's changing with Satya as CEO, which is great.
Micromanaging manager Everyone is on the edge
* Some employees find loops in systems to retain employment while bringing the company down * Too Much out-sourcing and vendor work - pay the employee for the work not the middleman * Strong breaks in current communication, business focus among teams of services and products, no central point of resource or reference * Does not have standardized training for Support Services, needs better hiring techniques to filter out unqualified candidates, and needs to streamline the employment initiation post hiring process * Lacks open cooperation and collaboration between teams - unhealthy competition * Many Individuals tend to rather put blame on others and refuse ownership or responsibility * Managers should work closely on setting standards and procedures in writing and sticking to them - much communication about standards and procedures is word of mouth. * Company needs more focus on the future and bigger picture and to not fall in the loop of old bad habits * Still a strong presence of "Always done it this way" mentality that needs to be filtered out or changed
Haven't found any so far. Just that sales quotas and goals should be attainable.
1. Not a great payer
1. A bit too top-heavy. Too many "managers" who don't do much more than report and babysit. 2. One of the biggest failures of Microsoft is in their annual review process. That makes or breaks your career in the company and you are in competition with your own team! So in order to get the best annual review, you HAVE to step on your colleagues. 3. Poor feedback mechanism. They do NOT take criticism very well, neither internally nor from external customers. I've suggested a more robust feedback tracking mechanism for years. 4. Microsoft "help" is most often no help at all. What they should do is link from these "help" pages to the blogs page which addresses these topics. More examples, less technical jargon. If you really want help with anything Microsoft, it's a LOT more productive to Google it than go through help online. 5. The biggest fat to trim is upper management. They create these layers of useless lower managers to pass the buck on to and insulate their positions. Then, to make themselves seem like they're doing something important, they'll "revamp" the process in a cyclical fashion. "Silos good, silos bad, silos good, silos bad..." There is just too much of this type of nonsense going on within the company which is not helping anyone.
Often times gets lost in the corporate hierarchy (i.e. trying to solve for one size fits many, and ending up with a mediocre solution)
Challenging situations, company going through transition to cloud, some ambiguity
Personal growth and development, serious people manager training required to help lead reports
reorgs are frequent and you need to fit in if you want job security
No free food. Only uses Microsoft technology stacks.
With the company transformation both business areas and cultural norms are evolving, some are augmenting and growing while others less so. One needs to put focus on finding the best area to engage.
Very good company to work with
Easy to get lost it the huge company mix. Slow release cycle
Late hours, a lot of email, overworked first line managers, and high expectations
It all depends on who your manager is. A good manager will allow you to go far and a bad one will make you want to leave the company. It can be challenging to move in certain parts of the company.
Management, management, management. Team morale is extremely low at my org because management feels they can get rid of anyone at any time. Granted employees are easily replaceable, but we do not feel respected.
- It's huge, so experiences across teams can be quite different. Again it largely comes back to who your individual manager is. - As with big tech companies, career progression can be slower than say a startup, due to competing with a lot of other smart people.
None cons according to me right now
A company this large has bureaucratic challenges - it needs to be easier for smaller projects and initiatives to get recognition
With all small companies you get to wear a lot of hats.
Lunchs are expensive A little disorgnised
Performance review system caused a lot of anxiety amongst employees.
Highly matrixes organization with some bureaucracy and red tape. Your organizational leader sets the tone of the group. This obviously can be good or bad depending on the leader.
Extremely complex, highly matrixed structure produces unnecessary overhead and time to get things done.
The weather! Being isolated from SF tech scene
If you get a bad manager, you have on recourse.
There is very little cons. 1 con is that it is not easy to switch to different departments
I haven't been here too long, but can't name any right now. Being a contractor I'm only temporary.
There can be periods of time where you have to work weekends or late nights to ship a product. Sometimes I felt chained to my email. Some of the codebases are old and rich but mindingly-complicated.
culture did not like the internal politics
product development moves too slowly because of all the political and technical baggage.
High employee turnover Politics are very unproductive and demoralizing, Leadership is too transaction oriented and contradicts the customer centric goals they preach, Initial training is very limited, Lacks employee loyalty,
Too demanding, difficult to grow in an small subsidiary, some managersdo not help in career development
as the rest of world are moving to open source, it does not feel very certain if people can still have their job or can find another good job if they continue to stick with microsoft technologies
Test environment is becoming less hands on the product and more big data analysis. While this is challenging and interesting, this is not what I enjoyed about testing at Microsoft in the past. Benefits, while still extremely competitive, are slowly being cut. Work life balance, while talked about a lot, is more about the work side.
everything is bad, I can't find a good thing to mention
The brand awareness isn't what it used to be.
Culture if "me first" promoted through bad focal review process. Quick to layoff people.
Have to work with legacy code
Mostly user microsoft technologies. Internal transfer require complete set of interviews. Process sometimes come in the way of work
The company is so inefficient that it just throws good money down the drain.
career growth is low and less overall compensation
If you have a bad boss, this place sucks. You must have a great boss who will protect you to survive at Microsoft. You will be sacrificed if you lose your head cover. My experience there was awful. Friends had a great time. The only difference was the boss. I got tired of getting one off e-mails after 10pm from people who hardly showed up to work so they could clam to be always working.
work ethic is 7X24 always "on", lack of strategic leadership at executive level, constant reorgs make it hard to make real progress on key initiatives
The loss of free health insurance was a little hard. I wish my team was more flexible about working from home.
Work life balance can definitely be a challenge. A lot of time on task can be needed in order to grow and progress in career.
The teams are frequently reorg. Employees are leaving on a frequent basis. The career support education is not that strong. Food is not good.
chances to work on an excitement project is few.
Heavy politics (your advancement tied to this) Slow moving Lots of poor managers, just managing up Review system is better but not great
Lots of old guard. Very type A personality based company. Lots of politics, to the detriment of all.
Managers add their comments after the fact, you have no opportunity to counter negative or unfair comments.
Too big, sometimes can move fast, your salary may be more other places but benefits are great.
Have no bad things to say
Organizational changes happen pretty often, especially after the new CEO came on board. Changes can happen pretty slowly here as well.
Work life balance can definitely be a challenge. A lot of time on task can be needed in order to grow and progress in career.
Lacks some typical company perks like free food.
It is the typical Microsoft
- Too much process - Too much emphasis on slide decks
Very corporate, full of bureaucracy Depending on the team, a lot of dysfunctional, immature behavior is tolerated Nearly everything, good or bad, is related to the specific team you're on
food is not free at all
I have so much fun learning all the almost-daily new products or new features that I have to pull myself away to maintain a work-life balance
It's still a mega corporation. You're just a number.
Microsoft could be a bit bureaucratic at times like any big corporate company.
I think the product teams are good but the service teams are not so attractive, also the sales team needs to catch up with the other companies.
A decent amount of senior management (Department Managers and up) seemed a little checked out. There were many times, for instance, that the team was under tight release deadlines but the Department Manager would choose to go on a college recruiting trip.
Fosters agressive competition among peers
It can further improve project management and reduce politics staffs and recruit more young people for new blood.
No free food, hard to navigate and find resources
Too slow in terms of growth
The company is really big and so we aren't the best at working across business groups. There is a lot of stuff that goes on that I don't know about, and sometimes partnerships that would be really beneficial slip through the cracks because of that.
Never solved problems for customers, only sold software / services to meet score card or metrics. EPG has lost focus on how to sell in a cloud first, mobile first world. Account teams do not work together and only sell based on what they as individuals need to achieve their bonus.
Contractors are not always given the same level of respect as full time employees.
Too many old Microsoft employees that do not buy into the new vision and are more worried about their jobs than doing what is best for Microsoft
Internal competition used to contribute to a negative atmosphere
Like many very large companies, the company is struggling with when to take risks and when to play it safe and has no appropriate model to reward out-of-the-box thinking innovators outside of Research whose inventions take years to end up as a shipping product. What counts for rewards is whatever shipped in the last year.
hard to be a giant
Cultural change is necessary, but slow. Satya has the right vision, not the right amount of force behind it. Too much 'old Microsoft' mentality throughout the company.
Salaries for South FL are not commensurate with the high cost of living. Global company means concalls at all hours. Benefits are not what they used to be. Latest review system and performance policies give to much power to managers and thus are open for abuse by a bad manager. After a certain level moving up is very slow. You can get a much better title and salary by leaving the company and getting re-hired.
Middle to senior management still an old boys network in many orgs (improving in others), technically adept but incompetent people managers are driving good employees to competitors, too many internal politics and negative attitudes hamper and demoralize positive and collaborative people who want to build great things without stressing about who gets credit at review time.
Very little opportunities for growth.
none to speak of actually
Lots of layers to the business lots of fast moving competitors
Still working in silo in multiple areas. Not enough time to collaborate and leverage other people work.
Theres no handbook for how to build the cloud so there are growing pains and messy processes.
When people transition to new roles, getting off to a bad start with your manager can basically sink your career. People used to have to wait at least 18 months to change jobs (it has since changed), but it guaranteed that having a bad start meant you were either going to pay for it with a poor review, or be transitioned out of role.
I'm going to put aside political correctness because this is a serious matter when considering a company for employment. Outsourcing was always a problem but even more so after Satya took over. Walking through the Commons I always at least half H1B types but more recently they are more of a majority. Sent more emails to foreigners than I did to Americans. Understand Microsoft is a corporation that is heavily leaning towards replacement with H1Bs since American engineers are considered too expensive so expect to be treated like a replaceable cog and discarded as such. There is a lot of outsourcing still occurring so if you can get an offer somewhere else, seriously consider leaving if you value your job security.
Your manager can have a huge effect on your career and daily work. If you get a bad manager you're out of luck
Though One Microsoft is a great initiative, there needs to be better interaction and integration within product teams to encourage re-use of technologies and products built.
Technologies are out of date
Tooooo much processes, real work doesn't get done because of it. Poor work life balance. Yes, it is!
No Cons as Microsoft has a great leadership.
People move around a lot (which is also good I guess) so its hard to keep track of who is responsible for what.
Competitive and increased politics depending on group.
Developers are frequently reorganized involuntarily, with varying levels of help from management on placement in new teams. The culture is highly political.
- Microsoft is still a bubble (as are many larger corporate environments) - Relevancy of Microsoft in the marketplace is less now than ten years ago - Due to many strategic initiatives, there can be a corporate tax for cross support from around the company.
Complicated management structure that puts your manager further from your actual work. Depending on multiple layers to convey your impact
they do not make fulltime
Worst nepotism I've ever seen at a company. A good bit of dead wood in the ranks.
none, weather is bad, traffic is bad
Depending what manager you have it might be good or bad.
Working hard and doing your job doesn't get you rewards. You have to be very out spoken, and play the political game to advance. Be prepared to compete with those who have poor work life balance.
It's retail, so you have to be okay with retail hours. The shifts vary and you can be doing a morning shift today, a closing tomorrow, or even a midnight launch.
Lots of bureaucracy depending on the team, lots of people who are focused on their families and are looking to avoid work and opportunity. Cynicism is rampant throughout veterans.
Lots of reorgs and possibly many managers.
Obviously can change depending on team and if you're interested in it.
- Some teams may have frequent re-orgs changing your role dramatically - Compensation not exciting at junior to mid-level, but now it may be good because of stocks
Because divisions are huge, with many developers, it can be difficult to stand out. You see many people move with their manager.
too much politics and lack of innovation, it needs more creative people to join the company
Sometimes it takes a bit to get things done.
Layoffs are becoming much more frequent and more and more employees are becoming concerned about losing their jobs with little or no notice. This is regardless of your level, your recent performance ratings or your importance to the team as a whole. Some would say they are focusing on older workers in these layoffs though that cannot be proven.
1) Competition is fierce 2) Do not have a clear promotional path 3) not a good place for innovative people
Time consuming, challenging work-life balance.
Can also get stuck on a boring, useless or doomed product, not all teams and managers are good at work-life balance
- Terrible work/life balance - Performance review system is pretty broken, saw several good people let go while inferior brown nosers stick around - Depending on your group, little extracurricular training may be available
MSFT FTE's treat vendors like slaves
Terrible caustic environment where innovation is stopped by middle management and horse trading for political favors. Numerous ideas are killed by over zealous product teams that felt threatened by great engineering ideas. Promotions are handed out through backroom deals, not for great work, but as favors. You spend more time building project schedules and dealing with company policy than working on great software.
Reorg, some groups have lots of politics. Really depends on whether your team leadership can shield corporate BS away from the team. New employees get low balled, not having open discussion about career development.
medical insurance is not good
The review system has changed but only in appearance, behind the scenes it's the same stack ranking that goes on. Management is hit or miss, there are lots of bad managers, few great ones...
unfriendly & unnecessary perf review causing tension among team members
1) You have to pay for your own lunches 2) employee discount really only impacts software
Fast pace, large volume and a lot of process - all good things but could be a draw back if you are used to a smaller company.
Be sure to know the team/organisation you are joining and most importantly find a way to contact someone in the team to figure the daily experience. I was a bit naive to accept my new opportunity without digging little more.  My experience was really bad, absolutely no support available to get started. Seemed everyone was mainly interested in keeping their own little wheels spinning. After leaving and having little time to reflect I noticed how easy it was to start to get sucked to this world. Luckily got out.  I have hired multiple people in my role as manager and never ever seen this miserable way to bring someone upto speed and get them started to grow in the team. My so called superior was totally uninterested in taking any time to explain or agree my role properly. Advice came in the form of "don't do that". No coordination effort in the team, only individuals stepping on each other and a lot of backstabbing and organisational fighting. The picture of different Microsoft departments shooting each other is no joke, it was alive and visible daily. What I heard there are some teams that are better but mine sure wasn't.  HR is a joke and required constant pushing to get anything done. Before joining I was pushing to get issues moving and after starting spend significant time in correcting mistakes. Not sure why HR "experts" were assigned, would have been faster in talking directly to people making the work. Again non-FTE people mainly doing good work.
Old mgmt not open to change, layoffs happen throughout the year nowadays with much less attention, new employees who come in come at a much higher base pay than those who have been in the company for years - so much for loyalty
Manager may not be experienced in running a business. REALLY big and networking with the right people can be difficult (willing to help when you are connected)
They did not care about current product and did not advertise.
As with many IT organizations the hours can be long, but you get to make it up in the long run with the flexible schedule. Microsoft Operations has a lot of turnover for more senior employees so you need to be mindful and move outside Operations around the 6 year mark. Good thing is the company is so big you have many choices.
As with many IT organizations the hours can be long, but you get to make it up in the long run with the flexible schedule. Microsoft Operations has a lot of turnover for more senior employees so you need to be mindful and move outside Operations around the 6 year mark. Good thing is the company is so big you have many choices.
The con is the same as the pros...it is hard work, long hours, extremely demanding...but rewarding.
Stale leadership struggling to define job roles and direction, Too many insecure veterans controlling the decision making process without bringing in fresh, new ideas, too much emphasis on just building minimum viable products to show marginal improvement for promotions/career rewards, some groups such as Microsoft Services filled with mediocre, status quo workers with a rigid top down style command structure completely averse to change and risk taking. In these groups, I have watched people who dared introduce different ideas being given marching orders to leave the company - quite a tragedy - just because the status quo veterans did not want change.
work life balance during hectic project schedules, but not always
Work life balance can suffer.. A bad manager could be career limiting inspite of your potential, skills and performance.
* Politics. Often decisions are made in the career interests of the leaders and not for the benefit of the company or employees
Huge system makes working process too complicated.
Review process discouraged any employee collaboration as you were always competing against your peers.
Leaving empty for time being
could be bored by doing the same job could only use microsoft technology and do not follow latest technology
The review process still sucks despite the changes they've made. The ongoing layoffs leaves the majority of workers constantly on edge as it seems like the layoff process and politics that go into it are part of the 'new review process'. Before it was the bottom 10% who were out, now it is whoever isn't a political insider.
Too many processes and complexities
It is too bad that vendors have to take a 6 month hiatus now!
Exceedingly business objectives oriented, which is of course why businesses are in business -- however, risk is so carefully managed, that the culture seems to place no value the human creative spark. Such as was my experience.
The politics are intense at times, and often decisions are made for the wrong reasons. Management doesn't realize the time value of money, or the value of employees' time.
boring after a couple of years, could transfer to other teams.
stagnate groups that can be limiting at times
A lack of balance between work and personal life
Not many cons @ Microsoft
Management is not very good and work practices could be better. Would be better if I could work from home but they don't let me.
There was a little loss of the sense of direction during my internship. Nobody was very clear of what the outcome should be.
Politics and strategy. Top-bottom decisions. Choose your team wisely. You have to be OK to be a small nut in a big machine, and your project may be cancelled for whatever reason.
i work my self out when am at work that is the only downside i get wen am at work
Work life balance is always difficult to achieve, but doable. Also, the company evolves over time, which can be a little stressful.
Stress and pressure of deadlines
Stressful work environment Being in the middle of the review process can really stink
constant reorganization unstable too many incompetent managers sticking to their chairs with political games, friends limited career opportunity
very political and lots of red tape to get anything accomplished
Technical vision at top and middle levels simply tired. Too bureaucratic to set insanely-great goals.
They don't have full time jobs for testing
Culture includes lack of social interation
You can get busy and might be hard to handle work life balance
Too many competing interests Team goal not valued over individual goal
i work my self out when am at work that is the only downside i get wen am at work
Usual corporate politics, too few women in leadership positions.
Microsoft is struggling to stay relevant -- it can be hard to find something there to work on that you're excited about.
Review system makes no sense. I needed to do reviews for my reports. The system has no way promoting collaborations. Internal competition is normal. Upper management does not what they are doing.
Frustrating code to debug, since so many individuals have had a hand in the construction, without any over arching design configuration.
Work life balance getting harder and harder to maintain.
No work life balance and growth for this position. Most employees work in retail environment to make large unattainable quota with little to no training. Make sure you ask to have a field visit with current employees. Also ask how many sales representative in the company have achieved quota and what the amount is after overachieving. What is growth for this concept. What is the average length of time current representative have been in position. What resources have management provided to help achieve quota. How long have your management been in place?
They do not allow interns to work late hours
less fast paced most positions in Redmond area only
The review system is still problematic despite attempts to improve it. Biggest complaint is how politics can effect review ranking and ratings.
No cons I can think about
With the flat hierarchy, jump to management from IC is tough in most groups and there is constant fear of layoff
At times there wasn't enough work life balance.
Its rains for 9 months in Seattle
More managers need to be true people managers, and not only focusing on the bottom line, and the behaviors need to be more professional overall.
Even though the culture has changed a lot under Satya Nadella it still has a long way to go. Lots of in-fighting and competition and upper management disconnected with what is going on at the ground level.
Stress at work. Some times work would be different than job duties and responsibility.
Many, many layers of approval to get things done.
The corporate culture is not teamwork oriented. Expectation of very long hours. Sr. Divisional Management is not respectful of employees time. Obligatory "All Hands" meetings spent too much time discussing football and the divisional leader himself.
comparatively less room to grow
Not too much work to do
sometimes decisions take a while to land, too many stakeholders. the culture depends on your immediate team, you can have a completely different experience in different teams.
The stack ranking sucked. Too much focus on "visibility". The new management appears to be changing a lot of the culture, thankfully.
Forced vacations for contractors during public holidays.
It seems like the culture is starting to pick up but for right now it's lacking (for me atleast)
Brutal environment, particularly toward administrative staff.
Brutal internal politics Hard to attract top candidates
Large company, easy to get lost
Not really. Love this company!
Training Plan is very intense.
growth inside company is slow
Some bad managers, Competitive environment could become a blind spot to do the right thing
Moving up in the company is not easy at all, espically when your manager favors hiring externally instead of promoting internally. There's huge problems with favoritism, and Store Managers work horribly under any type of stress. You're constantly reminded the retail stores aren't making the company any money, and that your employment is almost a gift. Yearly, the entire company structure changes and you're expected to immediately fit into their new mold. While there is zero commission, you're expected to sell like your job depends on it. People with absolutely no experience whom have just started with the company get promoted over people who have worked there for years since tenure isn't looked at for growth. Work environment can be fun however a lot of times its extremely childish and ridiculous with constant cheering, clapping, yelling. If you go through their NSO program you'll know all about this. Most of the time you're treated like you're in kindergarden. Bonus is based on sales and customer satisfaction survey. However, if your store isn't making huge business sales, your bonus will never amount to anything. Raises are yearly and the absolute most you can make is 4%. Most employees only get 2% raise. It's pretty horrible.
If you are really passionate about your work, it can become difficult to drive change because of the amount of process and bureaucracy.
Can be very MICROSOFT centric biased towards product decisions
Implemented crazy performance review system that forced employees into 1 to 5 rating system. Seemed like a throwback to the GE days. Lots of middle managers clawing their way to next level.
Depending on the team, some of the tools you use to develop can be serious productivity killers. I'm talking build times in excess of 20 minutes as just one example. Have sometimes been blocked for multiple days dealing with infrastructure issues. Along with that, if you're on a team that is playing catchup with Google or other competitors then there is tons of work and aggressive deadlines.
Large bureaucracy. More competitive than collaborative.
Older culture than some younger companies in some teams
Too much politics. No work life balance. Not enough time to express creativity. Too many re-orgs. Everyone is ready stab other instead of working together to achieve same goal.
I don't have any complaints about this company.
None that I can think of
Hard to get in, the salary depends, maybe not high enogh. Work here maybe hard and face the possobility of job cutting, but face it, it could happen in any company.
Work on Microsoft specific technologies only.
Not all managers have the best interest of their direct reports. There is lots of favoritism. There is not much diversity.
Some established processes are not conforming with industry standards. Makes it too much of a closed environment. Silos are also hard to break. Middle management is always in competition.
Be ready to learn to dive and swim very quickly. This is not a place where you get too relaxed. The place rewards those who are challenge seekers. Be prepared to be in charge of your own work-life balance.
Re-org too often and can't make deep planning for a feature
no pension program, The worse is that they keep cutting them to the bone.
Some teams do not believe in collaborative approach
Poor management, either my way or highway. Hard working in MSFT won't lead you to reward. Super micro management, 1 on 1 with your manager every week, 4 x official reviews per year. Manager can make or break your career, manager can rank you at the bottom even you work hard. Ranking system still exist, believe me. Most of the managers been working there over 10 years, no idea how outside world work.
In recent years, there have been waves of re-structuring and downsizing. I also want to point out that there are VERY few African American employees at Microsoft. There are many non-white employees because of the large number of Indian and Chinese employees, but in terms of hiring ethnic minorities in the US, there are a lot to be improved.
Company has no real vision, mission or values. Antiquated processes and organizational hierarchy. The company moves slower than ALL competitors. We are too afraid of failure so we take no risks. That's an unsustainable market position even if Office 365 prints money or Exchange is forced down the throats of all the Fortune 500 companies' employees. Soon enough it will be leap frogged by the next wave small businesses using newer products and processes. There is very little genuine innovation. Too many broken promises Windows 8, Surface, Windows Phone, Zune, Xbox music, Bing, Nokia etc. We enter markets without passion. It just seems like someone in management said, "Here's a place we might be able to make some money." Then we timidly go into the market and kill the project a few years later. The products lack fundamentals, passion and focus because leadership lacked a focus on the fundamentals and genuine passion for the customer's needs. There is no real feedback loop between putting a product out and seeing if it's successful and iterating. Usually we take so long to make something that a feedback look is years then people have moved on to other projects and a different team has to pick up the pieces and start over only to make the same mistakes. The worst part is that everyone knows the problems and we're all a bit ashamed of the mistakes and products we released that we weren't proud of. Management isn't stupid. But somehow nothing ever changes.
Still using old technologies and kind of slow development
highly specialized roles are typical, siloed business units make it difficult to get traction for innovative new product concepts with cross functional dependencies
NA. Difficult to grow. Slow promotions
Little work-life balance depending on which group you work for. Sometimes new managers have very little training and learn on-the-job which can be frustrating if you are their report.
Constantly changing priorities and schedules
Pay could be higher with stock options and bonuses for this particular role. Admins don't get the same financial perks as the rest of the employees
Benefits not as good as before in 2010....Kathleen Hogan has made great improvements since she started re longer maternity benefits and extra holidays!
I haven't had any serious difficulties or experienced any negative side to working with the company. My role was as an outside consultant so my interaction with various organizations within the company was limited, but whatever contact experience I had was positive.
Salaries and rewards not as competitive as before. Evaluations and Growth still not as good as other big firms. We still have leftovers from the legacy system, in terms of process and employees.
Constantly changing review system although old stack ranking is still alive and well, just not as visible as it was before. MSIT is increasingly run like a body shop filled with vendor or offshore resources.
too many processes. mid level salaries
very political in services and direction to focus growth changes with the wind
Dysfunctional management. In order to get promoted or manage a team, you need to be well connected. Managers don't have any actual management training, Overly politically correct
Need to bring more jobs to the east coast.
New GM with entitlement attitude, a practicing elitist running the Diversity and Inclusion group.
Satya's new vision for the company is fantastic and the different divisions are taking different approaches to realize it. As can be expected, some divisions are struggling to make the culture change promised by Satya. Few other companies have as many products and features to coordinate for aligning releases and delivering the customer "pop" that investors need to see and there is an aversion to taking risks after the Win8 debacle so executive and senior leadership seem to continue relying on old instincts and preconceptions for planning and executing. I wouldn't bet against Microsoft eventually figuring it out, but its struggling right now.
Stuck in Microsoft ecosystem, little ability to feel like having an impact, feels competitive, no one says thank you, doesn't feel like a team
Pretty much everyone in between those awesome ICs I mentioned above and Satya is still stuck in Balmer's way of thinking. I don't foresee Microsoft ever changing their reputation without substantial middle-management redirection or refresh.
hard to establish network in a relatively short amount of time
80% of my management team had never worked outside of Microsoft so had no clue about the outside world. Company spends too much time on self-inspection without follow-up actions. Significant portion of the work year focused on performance reviews rather than customers and products. Cannibalistic office politics in a number of groups.
VPs have no understanding of the time it takes to do a project and hand down arbitrary deadlines at the cost of creating a quality product. Essential items get cut last minute, or else everyone is expected to work nights and weekends to get it in on time, even if management was told it didn't fit the schedule in the first place. Schedules trickle down, not up.
Not many I can think of
Needs to become more agile and forget old management technics.
Big company makes you feel small
Big company makes you feel small
The right role isn't the single determining factor to your individual success. It's a gigantic corporate enterprise at the end of the day. Personal job satisfaction and success may be an isolated experience that doesn't necessarily translate across every group and org at the company
Internal transfers are as difficult as applying for a new job, but no any monetary gain. 4 levels from entry level to senior, takes quite some perseverance and, luck. Doesn't value veterans staying with the company for long as much as industrial hires (non-senior levels). Worst issue: there's no way to review your manager what-so-ever.
big company, slow to change
Satellite office has lower number of interesting projects compared to HQ
Too many developers and too large of a company in general. Everything takes a long time,
at times hard to maintain work- life balance.
None that I can think of. Sometimes work is stressful but that should be true for any large software company impacting millions of user.
Management has changed since I was employed at the Microsoft Store, but at the time there were many empty-promises made (surrounding promotions within the store / company) to top-performing employees. I believe this was done to get people to stick around longer than they would have, otherwise, since Lone Tree is a top-performing store. At times, it felt like 10% of the employees were doing 90% of the work. Things may have changed since then, but I'm not sure.
Lots of "Rest and vest" people hanging out. Design Studio lost most of its talent and high quality Devs are getting rare, too. Oh yeah, it is a political company.
Like all big companies your bosses primary concern will always be trying to look good to his or her boss rather than trying to make a decision based on their own judgement. Unfortunately this means they are guessing at what will get them ahead rather than focusing on a good product, so they are only looking upward for leadership rather than downward for feedback.  Now add in six to ten levels of sycophantic guesswork and the result is a bafflingly frustrating experience for an employee and a mediocre product as a result.  Work/life balance is a joke as your boss will definitely say things like, "Don't work too much" or "take care of your health" then make a random change of direction and give you 80 hours of work that week without compromise.
Over the past several years, the field leadership has really become disconnected from the overall MS mission. MS (MCS) has really become a who you know type business with all the executives/Sr. leadership scratching each others back. It's about who you know and do as I say, versus the work hard get rewarded of old MS.  Overall, the company is in a downward spin,. When a company falls of the top 100 places to work it tells the real story of how people are feeling about the company and changes.
Poor working environment & collaboration
Sometimes the work load can effect the work / home life balance. The cost of living in the Redmond/Seattle area is pretty high, compared to the rest of the country.
Your success depends on team\manager.
Standard big company issues, hard to get things accomplished due to other teams' priorities.
can be very bureaucratic, and also many teams might do the same you!
Not find at this moment.
teams are set up to compete against each other
You have to wonder how some people got / stay in their jobs
Collaboration between other teams handling other products, but part of support or associated with support, is challenging due to internal rules, regulations and policies. But our management is always willing and has been able to help bridge those gaps based on feedback. Work in progress.
I feel a little isolated in my job and there isn't much of a team environment. We all have our own offices so people tend to close their office doors which takes away from the team environment.
Work life balance, compensation model and success metrics can breed a disruptive culture, size of company often leads to inefficiencies and conflicting priorities, too many layers of management
Culture can vary widely by business group.
Performance measurement and review system can foster bad "me against them" instead of a truely collaborative environment where "rising tides raise all ships". Product groups often have too much autonomy and are not held accountable for long term thinking.
-Loss of market share in business sectors such as tablet, phone and search due to poor decisions at the top. -Competitors in these sectors are leaps and bounds ahead of Microsoft and it could take quite awhile to get competitive again. -Poor success in their core client-side business, especially over a large period of time with repetitive failures. Windows is a perfect example of a product rejected by the public, dreaming of Windows XP and yet again going back to the drawing board to try and get it right. In the time that has elapsed in this sector competitors have really caught up and simplified attracting customers over to their platform. -Poor success in Windows Phone and Bing Search. Bing was on it's last leg and the plug was destined to be pulled until Windows 10 arrived on the scene to interweave search into the OS and breathe some life into it. Windows Phone is still struggling today with Microsoft hoping to gain market share and attract developers to write apps for it. -Evolution of company image has left a lot to be desired. While I am thrilled that Satya is here, a lot of damage has been done as just mentioned with prior leadership. Microsoft used to be a place you bragged that you worked at. A place very difficult to get into and with stock that was doing incredibly well. And proud to show on your resume. I am still proud to show Microsoft on my resume, but the wow factor is gone and I do read stories about showing Microsoft on your resume these days can actually hurt you. -Evolution from more of an innovator to always playing catch up and mimicking the competition. I've literally lost count of the moments where I go why didn't we think of that???? Why are we still not doing that or something similar???? I think this might play into the company being too irrelevant with the state of the technology world these days. Coupling that with it probably still being too much of a slow moving waterfall type company and it can make sense why these things happen. -I don't want to go deep into business practices as it can get proprietary, however I will say shady things happen. People step on other peoples toes to get ahead, women have been known to do unmentionable things to get a great review. I am happy the review process has changed since most of the stories i've heard about, so hopefully that's all in the past. -High employee attrition rates. Microsoft has let go of large quantities of employees for many reasons, law suits, company restructuring to make sectors successful, making the company more agile, especially in the more recent years. This fear only grows over time if success rates stay low, competitors grow stronger, etc. This fear is compounded by the fact that many of these employees getting a pink slip are very intelligent people probably ending up at one of Microsoft's competitors. -The last thing that you should beware of is that Microsoft is huge. And just because you either work for one group or hear a great success story, doesn't mean it'll be a consistent thing at the company. The reason is that each group at Microsoft operates differently and often times radically different than another group. I've worked in some groups I couldn't wait to get out of due to severe micro-management issues, others that were awesome and have everything properly dialed in and others that didn't have any processes and needed to be rescued.
Career development at Microsoft can be a bit challenging as the company has almost no internal trainings and very little sponsorship for external trainings. All you can do is peer modeling and public events where PR is more than Tech stuff.
Way too much internal competition. It's a dog-eat-dog world, where you have to climb on others shoulders to get ahead, and spend far too much of your time watching your back.  They say the review system has changed for the better. I didn't see that.  If you are in a smaller group that gets re-orged into a larger one during calibration, your days are probably numbered no matter how good or how bad you are.
Less Base Pay as compared to other compaines
Be prepared to work hard!
Aggressive environment. Competetive. Less work life balance in some groups.
Fighting between departments. Too many layers.
Very political and nepotism is everywhere. If you're not in the inner circle, it's probably impossible to get promoted or get any credit whatsoever for your work. Windows group has no vision whatsoever
Political environment with managers who know little to nothing of the true work effort. Those who brown nose get noticed and rewarded, while those who do the actual work are overlooked. Metrics driven.
Recently moved to high deductible health plan Lots of middle level managers Advancement is targeted at managing, so if you don't want to manage then it is harder to get promotions down the line.
Sales Quotas are becoming unreasonable. for most. There seems to be less and less importance on value of field sellers. Selling new services is more challenging and time consuming and it an be difficult when you have goals that are extremely difficult to meet.
Lack of work space, very demanding with multiple changes that can happen at any moment. Very distinctive differences between contractors and FTEs
Management is a bit annoying.
The Retail Environment Was Super Sketchy
Too many layers of management end up wasting time and energy Doesn't take new ideas on how to do things easily
Middle management is full of non-technical people who were hired during the booming growth days of the late 1990s. These managers consider technical individual contributors (ICs) to be nothing but an expense. You are a replaceable cog. You have nothing special to offer that a fresh out of college applicant from a "Low Cost Labor Market" can do just as well. As a result, middle management will demand (not ask) that you are on call 24x7. Say goodbye to a decent family life.
old company, do things slow.
Consulting services is very bureaucratic and impacts the agility of delivery. No room to grow, tendency to hire external candidates instead of promoting internal candidates.
Requires A-type aggression to move quickly
Politics and projects getting cancelled
- high churn from people coming and going
There are any cons for working at Microsoft
Weather in Puget Sound location
- Microsoft is slow to react to changes in the market, and this can be frustrating as an employee - Very large organization makes it difficult to get real perspective and visibility below the VP level
All awesome - no constructive fdbk needed for this entrepreneurial group!
Change in culture is still in progress. Still many managers who provide little value but have insulated themselves and aren't going anywhere any time soon.
base salary is a little low
Working on all MS products after a while makes it harder for you to move to other companies that use non MS products.
Very metric driven organization with some short sided mid-level leadership. Lots of internally focused efforts.
too much politics, too many re-orgs (11 different managers in 6 years...not uncommon), nepotism
Size and scale makes it difficult to move faster.
Lots of judgement, no one appreciated me for me, I felt like I was abandoned for the most part.
It's a big company, so there is a downside that comes with that, which is that it's not easy to find the right place within the company at first. It takes some time to figure out where you belong.
Slow to change course on something that's a bad idea, but that's like any large company
Contract staff is treated poorly. The manager completely yanked me around and didn't let me do what I was hired to do. I was penalized for having surgery and for not having system access after my contract was screwed up on three separate occasions. The lack of dedicated office space makes it nearly impossible to work especially if you happen to have a disability. I worked for 22 hours straight to fix a data issue that I did not cause and because the systems were so bad and was blamed for taking too long. Your employees do not even know how to use the tools that you create. There is a ridiculously high reliance on email instead of using proper tracking tools and you were penalized if you do not give multiple status updates during the day even when there's nothing to report. I have worked for larger organizations that did not have this level of inefficiency and lack of process. The employees often throw the contract staff under the bus and assign them very menial tasks even if you've been hired to do something that is much higher level.
Easy to be complacent, and later irrelevant. Don't stay in one place too long. Don't settle for a bad manager.
Finding a good work-life balance can be challenging. 45 hour work-weeks are normal, and exceeding that is not atypical. Email is very much a part of the company culture, and it can consume large portions of your workday if you don't have a sold strategy for managing it.
It's tech, and tech has become increasingly unsettled. Management at all levels makes decisions that don't make any sense, and have lead to an increasing atmosphere of uncertainly for employees. I'm back as a contractor now (in 2016) and the general feeling is of a place where people are waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Bureaucracy, execs tinker with comp plan year after year to make it harder to earn OTE for sales roles. Hyper-political. Comp is below market.
Less opportunities to grow unless you know how to get promoted. Too many re-orgs causes constantly changing managers => whatever you deliver in a project gets lost with the last manager and you have to "prove yourself" again!
Twice a year employee performance rating system.
If you're a high-performer looking to work harder and grow faster, this company probably isn't for you. Microsoft is many smart people behaving below their intellect -- this seems to be rooted in poor accountability and a failure to reward meaningful business outcomes and discourage meaningless ones. Likely on account of its size, the company struggles to manage employee performance and cultivate genuine leadership talent in mid and senior levels of the company, it's just to easy for non-contributors to blend in.
Lack of consistent direction, upper management not held accountable
High stress, heavy workload, work/life balance
Micro-management, yearly review process makes no sense for retail environment.
It is still a fairly political place to work and advancing as you get higher up is more about who knows you than the actual output of your work. If you live in Seattle the commute to Redmond is still a pain regardless of the fact that they provide transportation.
There are many naïve people out there that still see Microsoft as Micro$oft, the money hungry corporate giant that wants to take over the world. As a result I have seen these types of people discredit the advice of subject matter experts simply because they work at Microsoft. This is more of an nuisance than anything.
Randomization, no forward thinking. Good projects cancelled. No focus.
A very cut-throat environment, sink or swim. If you do great work AND "manage up", you are good. If you do a mediocre job and manage up, you are OK, too. Don't manage up or play the many internal games and politics, you are toast.
Do not feel valued as employee for 15 years Managers hands are tied with curved review structure
I have four managers over 2 years: too many re-organizations: too many pri·ma don·na in key management spots
Chaotic, highly political, too much of process-oriented,
Long-term employees are not very motivated or brilliant. Politics between business units is intense and back-biting is common.
The contract employee policy makes it hard to love working there - knowing you're going to get kicked out soon.
The company is in transition wrt culture, product focus, and management style, which can lead to some gaps between what is said and done.
- Benefits aren't what they used to be - Pay is stagnant, can make considerably more outside of MS - There's still plenty of boy's club mgmt circles that exclude outsiders regardless of experience or success
Although there are talented people still there, a lot of talented folks have left MSFT senior leadership in the past 18 months or so - Liddell, Elop, Muglia, Bach, etc, etc. Although Elop was instrumental in getting the Nokia deal up and going
Windows seems like a really slow org of getting things done. I haven't seen it in my org, but there is bureaucracy at higher levels.
Randomization, no forward thinking. Good projects cancelled. No focus.
Pay, no und. I loved the culture but notice it is beginning to fade away and sadly is turning into a best buynegation and set pay hourly which is hard to move aro
The company is very large and oftentimes has a lot of bureaucracy. It can sometimes be hard to break through this.
Work life balance may not be the best.
bonus is not very good comparing to other companies. Locking period 5 years
Review model sucks, bonuses are underbudgeted, harder than it should be to move to a new team
too much politics, stock not that good, salary below average
too much politics, stock not that good, salary below average
vertical growth is very slow. Use internal proprietary tools and sometimes languages, therefore it doesn't help when seeking job outside.
Very Redmond eccentric, not real operations or career options outside Product and business strategy changing and thus impacting to work and employees Cross organization and business area friction, not much collaboration Microsoft is very bureaucratic, including the HR and how it treats employees Microsoft can do several billion dollar investments and write it down few years later, and impacting heavily all who worked for it, proof that the company is lost with the direction
Not all groups work in the same way as management thinks
Too much overhead for established products/services and not enough on new ones. Satya is pushing new cultural expectations though there is some disconnect from him down to the folks doing the work. Middle management tiers need to catch up or need to focus on the business rather than themselves.  Some employees that are successful in a role can get stuck there if no one else can fill in. They can get pulled back into those areas throughout their career to bail others out.
In some areas still there is lot of overhead carried from earlier microsoft culture.
No free food, heavy middle management.
"overall ratings" only applies to this job.  If you are career driven, this job should only be accepted as your 1st job. The structure of the organization and reputation makes it very hard to move around the company. Being in operations especially in this organization, the role and the organization does not prepare you for a "actual Microsoft" position. Unfortunately, the organization being run by the director does not encourage the company's mantra or principles, which has encouraged to leave the company.  On the plus side, this organization is a staffed organization performing operational tasks dealing with contracts. Many of the employees in this organization are quite seasoned and are not proactive in providing change. If you are a proactive person that likes to challenge the status Quo, this would be the perfect team to join, make changes, create value, and also standout because no one in the organization makes the effort to do so. Very easy job to coast if you are looking for that, however, the operations services leadership team will limit your potential. If you want to move to the flagship location and move upstream in the business after spending time in this role in Reno, It will take a long time
big company management issues, easy to leave
Difficult to get a job in the product group if you don't live in the Seattle area.
Deadlines and fire drills around month end, and midyear review.
big company management issues, easy to leave
Difficult to get a job in the product group if you don't live in the Seattle area.
Sometimes bureaucratic. Often competitive Old guard stuck in a rut,blocking movement and growth of others.
Broad and competing focus & priorities Old guard slowing progress at times
Work life balance can be intense, especially as the roles can be highly matrix along with global scope so constant churn of emails, meetings, etc.
You have to spend personal time to keep learning.
no clear career path, lack of communication between colleagues
Cut throat environment, politics are obscene. Life expectancy of a mid level employee is very short. Strong not invented here problem. Definitely three classes of employees, old timers, young new hires, mid career new hires and there is class warfare. The IT group is definitely the red headed step child.
bad mangment need new mangment
The company is way too big and much of your time is spent in pointless meetings. each team differs though.
Large company that has a change to absorb you.
middle management is lacking skills to adequately lead team.
Too much name and shame style leadership. Corporate politics and density of meetings upon meetings are mind numbing. Absolute log jam at mid and senior levels.
There have been some bad practices regarding bonuses and promotions. While there have been some efforts to correct them, but i've heard stories about some of those bad practices still persisting in some parts of the company. I personally don't experience it.
Old facilities, old guard folks, but Satya is changing that. Lots of lifers who don't hustle. Lots of focus on politics, instead of the market.
Senior levels (partner and above) need to be cleaned out...leadership is territorial, do not put business needs first. Having opinions and stating them when contrary to current approach is not fostered, and is often detrimental your career
very repetitive, every day is pretty much the same.
No downsize although there are too many employees so you might feel like you don't make a huge impact event though you do. Haven't been working here for long so I can't really say.
highly political, achievement means becoming a player which perpetuates the madness, numerous monthly compliance activities to which compliance i more important than absorbing the message. massive hierarchy very petty administrative bureaucracy
* Can be very political - networking is essential to succeed in the company * Very much Corp driven. If you have a field role, it is very executional and you are very dependent on Corp. There's not much room for strong creativity. * No clear path to getting promoted. A lot of lateral moves.
Very large (100k+ employees), bureaucratic, slow, political, lots of A-type personalities with huge egos.
There are no downsides.There are no downsides There are no downsidesThere are no downsides.
Microsoft is an island in the technology space
Some divisions are very political. Dog eat dog/winner take all mentality. Some execs detached from reality.
Many duties can be boring. You have to "pay your dues" before you can work on interesting things.
You need to manage your own career rigorously since the leadership has varying levels of experience and capability to provide guidance for a long career arc. Individual contributors who don't go into a management track might eventually run into dead-ends.
Work Life Balance doesn't exist, Lack of engagement with contractors- you are truly a separate work force
Compensation package is relative low compared with other IT companies.
none ..... ..... .... ..... ...... .....
Can get a little bit boring since there's not enough diversity.
Last generation software dev methodologies which reduce speed (putting work in improving). Tribal knowledge without good documentation.
It is becoming another cold company lacking care of its employees.
Some teams can be less work/life balance friendly, however I've found that most are good. I'm just ready for something different.
Not Much Structure, rude customers, hours, people thinking it's the apple store
Constant re-orgs Sometimes it's difficult to understand why senior leadership make the decisions that they make Several of my coworkers are at a very comfortable stage in life and don't aspire much for their career
1. Mid Level Management Politics is a downer 2. Lot of Internal teams are competitive with each other rather than joining forces to compete with outsiders
At the drop of a hat you may be required to work past your normal shift because the management here cannot seem to staff appropriately.  There is also now an unwritten rule that they must have 5% turn over every review cycle. So even though your team is understaffed you may notice that they will fire someone which goes to the whole scared at any time you will lose your job just because of this stupid rule.
No direct access to product group
political, too many cooks in the kitchen slowing the growth
The teams can become too big and lack the ability to move quicker.
bureaucracy, placement is never guaranteed
Once you hit Ten years tenure - you get forced out. Lots of age discrimination.
Management, worried about kingdoms/ego rather then doing what is right
Long hours, suburbia campus, boring for young people.
Pay is okay compare to Amazon and other company, lot's of up and down due to re-org
Too many people working single modules.
should be part of smaller teams
The work load is tough
it's a big company, so it can be challenging to find a clear carrier path
- too many vendors working in every project to bring down cost - challenging because you are generally working on multiple projects at a time
There is a lot of special attention towards the FTEs, which is really important, I do understand. But, I wish vendors could be included in the big campus events more often so vendors do not feel excluded.
Big corporation with everything that comes with it
This is for Society not Microsoft. but the benefits really need some help
The Rating sucks big time
sometimes the atmosphere can be quite toxic, due to overzealous FTEs, or power sucking EA's
Getting anything done is near impossible because of the red tape.
Lots of continuous management restructuring. Sometimes it is hard to keep a boss long enough to even built a proper report.
Competition inside the company is a real deal... Because others are putting so many extra night/weekend hours, it's easy to give the impression that you're slacking just because you're doing a good job in the "expected" business hours
No compensation benefit for contract worker like me and Terrible Traffic everyday
Very high expectations from each division
Large company so sometimes difficult receiving recognition for accomplishments.
Growth is iffy. Depends on the project and if you are able to navigate well with company politics. Review system is the worst.
Some org still uses old technology which might be 5y behind the industry. Re-org always happens and the layoff becomes new common.
Different teams really vary a lot. You have to re-interview if you want to go to a new team
Not a great marketing warehouse , lot of improvements required
Microsoft is the fabulously wealthy company that squanders every opportunity to meaningfully change the world: losing out on the self-driving car, Internet search, the iPod, smart phones and tablets, social media — a company whose derivative and copycat products the world uses only because we *have* to, not because we love to. The commute to Redmond can be an atrocious time-investment and working from home is cultural discouraged, peak time Connector shuttles are almost always overbooked and the company touts them but doesn't run enough buses. Many managers in power are piranhas and sharks who learned how to survive the much-loathed Stack Ranking system (read Vanity Fair's 2012 article, "Microsoft: The Lost Decade" for full details of the HR system that shaped Microsoft culture).
Microsoft has had many of the key talent leave in recent months. This has caused a panic environment in those who has been in the company for less amount of time. Sr. Management has not addressed these type of departures. Place can be very politic
Some teams have heavy politics
Politics Old guard holds hard Some of the classic product groups still think like pre-web days
No cons that I noticed.
Politics Old guard holds hard Some of the classic product groups still think like pre-web days
Current senior management like layoff a lot.
not the most healthy environment to work in . second hand smoke.
There is really nothing to complain about.
sometimes too process oriented which reduces productivity
no room for advancement, not treated very well by corporation, constantly turning over employees and management
Work priorities are based on who asked for it and who yells the loudest. Every idea no matter how bad is assigned a project team and is worked as critical. There's very little planning or forethought to anything before it's started so there's lot of throw-away work. People change jobs internally so often that there's very few experts and the same mistakes are repeated by new people. The expectation is that you have to lead something external from your core job function or you won't be recognized.
Be open-minded and be ready to be in a very competitive place. Changes are constantly happening with the new culture. So get out of your comfort zone.
Definitely a lot of hierarchy and internal politics, but not unlike any other company. Competitive nature could be hard for some people.
Felt really far removed from Corporate. Sometimes goals seemed unattainable due to resellers. Track to promotion was not clearly defined. After a number of stores were announced the culture decreased
Can't think of any reslkt
Because of Microsoft's size, the quality of group managers varies greatly. Unless you know someone in the group before you join it, you just have to take your chances.
Very fast paced environment. A great deal of information to constantly keep up with and retain to conduct your business.
FTE leadership and management lacks vision. Petty politics, infighting and now most contracts being awarded to Tata Consultancy Services to bring in cheap H-1B Visa Indian workers to replace long time local middle class workers. Not going to go well in the long run with the new 18 month limit on vendors. This will cost MS brain drain of vendors who have been with the company for many years.
Some hold over from outdated corporate practices which are mainly getting better. Some of the buildings are outdated.
Career growth as a women is terrible. I see my coworkers get promoted and get told "bogus" reasons why I don't get promoted when I work in more impactful projects and do more work than my male peers.
The culture fosters and rewards emotionally abusive behavior from far too many middle managers.
Often culturally dysfunctional, too many wasteful meetings, company does not acquire well, mid to upper level management culture is frequently arrogant and out of touch
Sometimes very difficult to obtain cross-product assets between studios.
Bureaucracy, since getting something approved can take many levels before a decision gets made. Collaboration between teams can be hard if incentives or objectives aren't aligned.
Management and politics, it isn't what you do but who likes you that is what is important
The company is very large and hard to navigate, it is tough to get things done quickly as there are so many people involved and a lot of red tape.
The job can feel little thankless. an industry hire can feel a little left out when compared to a college hire. College hire are treated differently and compensated differenrly.
In the last few years they cancelled the Annual Meeting at Safeco Field, the annual company picnic and the no-copay health insurance among others. They also got rid of SDETs (QA role)
Constant moving of offices and space due to re-orgs
The time consumed performing iterative, documentation-focused HR tasks is a burden to management and takes away from one's ability to focus on and drive their business. The manager feedback process is flawed, as low performers can torpedo a manager's rating as "payback" for an open and honest review. The review process also pits peers against one another - whether overtly or covertly - and this interferes with true cross-group collaboration.
Stack ranking was a disaster. I understand from my friends still there that the review process has gotten better.
Uncompetitive compensation (used to be good, not anymore) Relatively (very) slow promotion Difficult to make product impact (Extremely) non-transparent performance review (your boss controls everything)
-Politics -Pace of work and learning is slower than usual standards
Type A personality is viewed as better
Always have to learn new stuff. You will never feel like you know everything.
You can easily get drawn into the Microsoft bubble with the only products and methods you know being in-house. Management decisions are top-down and can be in-transparent (not the place to feel self-empowered).
Stack ranking makes team mates your competition and incites turf wars. Stack ranking can lead to a vicious cycle: Since stack ranking works like a highly stochastic merge sort, if you are a good contributor on a team with superb teammates working on a risky project that does not pan out, you will likely get a poor review, which happened to me after initial good reviews. Being the last rat to leave the sinking ship, I watched my teammates leave for other teams and companies. My poor rating made it impossible to leave my team and lead to continued poor ratings, so I eventually left under duress.
Despite an overhaul of the Annual review process last year, it is still very broken and continues to pit everyone against each other which causes lots of bad behavior. HR tries to claim it doesn't, but everyone knows that it does. It also remains very subjective and the whole process lacks integrity. In fact, I believe that broken review process is the number one problem across Microsoft.
low pay, not many opportunities for advancement, low staffed and high volume
The "One Microsoft" philosophy is only starting to get implemented, so there's quite a bit of "reinventing the wheel" still going on.
There are still some managers that have been there a long time that work in the old style dictating what they want done but they're getting fewer and fewer and the constant review by everyone else at their level is making it more difficult for them.
Difficult to stay on top of the ever changing review process and build long-term success unless you have a great relationship with your manager.
Brand on Your Resume: After many years of losing market share and struggling to be at the front end of innovation and the fact that there's 90,000 employees, don't think MSFT is necessarily going to be attractive on your resume to more agile and smaller companies. Managing
Political obstacles affect nearly every aspect of what you do at MS. You will land on one side of the fence when pitted against your own team wrt performance. Team work is limited by this fact. If you are on the right side of the performance fence it's a rewarding place to work, if not, you will be micro-managed and won't enjoy what you are doing there.  Advice: Be willing to work hard and slightly less smart than you actually are so as to not get a poor review. Quality doesn't seem to matter as much as "just getting it done" does these days as the emphasis has changed recently. Contributions are evaluated based on results. Key to getting results is to publicize what achievements that you generated within and outside of your group. Pick your partners carefully as their failures will be evaluated as your own failures as well. Sub-responsibilities that cannot be evaluated easily or at all because your boss may not or can not understand the benefit. Spend as little time on those responsibilities as you can as there is no value to your performance review by spending time on sub-responsibilities you may have inherited or gained familiarity with along the way that are not directly related to your objectives for the current month.
100k+ people. Lot's of politics, particularly in Redmond. Lots of people can say no, sometimes is unclear who can actually say yes and has the resources to implement. Opportunities to advance are limited (career velocity has slowed down a lot). Career mobility has also slowed down as moving from group to group seems harder
Working OT (late nights, weekends) is basically required. Although not said verbally, it is expected and will be reflected in your reviews (connects). Additionally, reviews are very political. If you find yourself in a good group and get along with your manager then you are set (i.e. boys club), if not, then you will be slowly managed out. I personally saw this for a number of individuals.
"not created here" culture. anti-social environment.
Too top heavy. Everyone is a Senior something or other or a Principal. People are more worried about their competition and aiming for the next promotion than being focused on delivering the best work.
I think that when you get into a large company, they start handing down lots of training initiatives that just don't work in a realistic setting. More training needs to come from people that are actually in the positions, not a training department sitting in Redmond.
- Moving between teams is basically restarting the process. - The place you work on is heavily dependent on the management. - The review process is not ideal
Management focused on keeping their jobs vs. taking risks
Stack rankings. (Since eliminated)
Fast pace and breadth of offerings can sometimes be distracting. You are expected to be entrepreneurial and provide solutions not just point out problems. If you just want a 9-5 job doing the same thing every day this company is not for you. Somewhat limited in relationship marketing funding.
Politics Benefits package is not what it used to be
The biggest negative of Microsoft is it's size. Plus processes come in way and things move slower than ideal
Environment is not for the faint of heart. Be prepared to work your butt off but also be prepared to be well compensated for doing a good job. Going the extra mile is expected.
Very demanding in regards to retail training.
intense workload little time for family
nothing big that I can think of
Many layers to go through to switch divisions or relocate
Work quality may not always be that great
politics, low effiency, technology you learn here is less likely to be used outside
Don't fool yourself, the stack ranking still exists. Found myself on a leadership team where we put knives in backs, daily. The culture of this place prohibits any semblance of innovation or creativity. Just look at their products. Are you buying them? I'm not. This is a vicious place to work where self-preservation trumps teamwork. On our leadership team, we scrambled to keep up with our competition, and always found ourselves 5 steps behind. In a company that touts leadership, I found the "leaders" I worked with to be followers, merely mouthing the words of someone smarter, who said things months, if not years, before they did. As much as Microsoft embraces strategy, I found very little strategic vision within its walls. Microsoft is no longer a monopolistic utility telling its customers how much they are going to spend on their products. Better companies are finding ways to gain market share by doing guess what? Providing products and services that customers actually want. I think of Microsoft as the GM of the 80s. Still plenty of hubris, not quite smart enough to see that they already lost the race...
Lots of layers of management, meetings, status updates, etc. Some people are trying to change the culture, but the gravity is strong. Microsoft is still a big company, and is trying to figure out how to enact new ways of thinking and executing internally. Most people in management have been there for a while, and they do not have incentive to challenge the status quo. In addition to that, being a remote location, means less options and teams to move to.
Sooooooo much bureaucracy. Feels like fighting through mud just to get anything done. Every decision has to go up 6 levels and come back down. Constant re-orgs and cancelled projects. Lots of infighting between different divisions. Only form of culture is a self-congratulatory sense that Microsoft is the best place ever (which it isn't) and it's employees are the smartest ever (which they aren't).
- if manager is not good, then sucks - some hierarchy and red tape in certain process
Too mnay layers, lot of people not making real contribution
Hard to contribute to a project without experience in the group you are in. Some process or documentation could help. Also, a project larger than bug-fixes would be nice, but maybe I just need to wait for something interesting.
Historically, Microsoft has relied on Office/Windows revenue to hit their revenue projections. The market has changed. There is increased competition that has impacted the sales teas ability to make quota.
The office space is constricting and a bit suffocating. Cubicles are utilized rather small offices typically split by two people.
Lack of communication, low career progress
Management is on the same page with requirement
Lots of levels/virtual teams to work through
Benefits are falling behind the competition Hard to move up in the company once you reach the senior band
Base salary not as competitive as rates at other similar companies. Working overtime is not required but highly encouraged depending on the team. Advancement in position may take a long time when you get to certain levels. Senior managers frequently give the impression that they have no idea what they're doing.
Very competitive. While current CEO is trying to soften culture it will take time. Constant pressure and always increasing expectations should be expected.
A little bureaucratic sometimes Middle management sucks
Salary is not great. Some teams have on call on weekends
Teams can be slow to react to changes in the business, this can make for some hectic days until staffing catches up. Company has a "healthy attrition" standard meaning that managers have to always have a certain number of employees ready to be let go if upper management decides that a team is too large. This hurts the culture and makes for a bit of distrust amongst team members as they try not to be the one to get put into this category.
There is too much ambiguity. In under a year my team had three managers and they all changed our metrics so much that the focus of the job changed as well. The onboarding team should really be a FTE role and not vendor, so you're doing hard work but not getting the comparable pay or benefits of a Microsoft Employee.
I worked in a unit that was only interested in certain genders moving up to management. While it makes stats work for the outside world, it is not a real motive for staff. Perhaps this has changed these days.
If you land in a wrong group you might be mismanaged, as everywhere
I really can't think of anything negative to put. This has been a great fit for me personally and I wouldn't trade anything.
Some politics you have to deal with sometimes.
Being in operations is not ideal, you work a lot with vendors that are not the smartest cookies out there. The role is very redundant.
Some division is slow on turn around so It's not good to stay on a position for long time (like more than 2 years?) unless you bet on stay here for entire career life without been laied-off
Very Redmond/Seattle centric organization where opportunities in Boston are more limited to some engineering roles and sales.
Lacks organization somewhat and leaders do not engage/train new resources appropriately.
west coast is expensive housing is hard to find at a reasonable price corporate housing is a bit expensive
But, if your manager is new and is pretty much only about a power game with other managers, you will find yourself lost and gone within a year. Reorgs. They are horrendous to people's psyches. Layoffs - they can ruin people's lives. Or, they can be a blessing in disguise. If you were an employee who worked remotely, they dumped you first even if you were a straight A, gave everything, high performer. Oh, and they laid off MANY people who were weeks or months away from their 15 year anniversary. They have no moral compass anymore and HR is in the toilet.
stress, lack of work life balance, need some change, too big, need to learn new stuff
Incompetent middle management that has lost touch with the ground level ICs. Lots of money to throw around on bad PM ideas (supporting those ideas instead of culling at a initial level itself). means bad designs and that often doesnt work well end to end.
Politics like in any big company, some groups rise above them but many don't. Often too many decision makers which slows things down and creates duplicate work.
Highly competitive, encourages lots of criticism of peers and managers. Not enough to just do a good job. You must do something to stand out above your peers at each stage, otherwise you will trend down and be pushed out.
More of a copy cat than a innovator. Middle management is pretty happy just keeping the status quo.
Culture rewards to those most adept at self promotion rather than producing tangible results. Company in flux.
Older style of doing things - waterfall vs. agile
constant reorganization, non stable internal organizational structures
Tech lead and lacking in customer focus. Lots of silos and infighting
re-orgs, career velocity, people manager quality
Muddled, unaccountable, big middle management. PFEs have an Account Manager as a person manager, and they work with TAMs and often other Project Managers, Architects, etc. in the course of their work. I notice that Account Managers are often not only maladroit with respect to Microsoft technology, but technology in general. And they often are really poor managers. Microsoft has a 'connect' process that HR instituted to force managers and employees to talk several times a year. Often, Account Managers view this as a checkbox, and it's symptomatic if their not putting much effort into managing people. TAMs are supposed to be Technical Account Managers, but often they are neither technical nor managers. You can't have a grown-up conversation with TAMs, often, because they don't understand the technology. They are supposed to be bridge between the customer and the technical PFEs, but I have seen a lot of slacker TAMs who actually just make PFEs life more difficult. And I've heard customers say that they want the good work that PFEs do, but they don't want to pay for the exorbitant associated costs of having to also pay for ADMs, TAMS, etc. etc. Career advancement within various fiefdoms is not based on technical merit or utilization or even how valuable you are to your customer, but based on 'go along to get along' mentality and kissing up to management.
If you have a great manager you will have a great experience.
No team work. Cut throat competition within teams. PM's and Devs are more like enemies and competitors. They need too work together.
No team work. Cut throat competition within teams. PM's and Devs are more like enemies and competitors. They need too work together.
difficult upward mobility, annual review process is dated, too much red tape when you need to get a job done
1. Some MS products are in maintenance mode and if you are stuck in those teams there is not much to learn. 2. Management has lot of old guys with 20+ experience who are not adding much value to the company but are holding top posts. 3. Some products do not have clear future road map and they get shut down before reaching the customers.
* Microsoft truly has some amazing products and technologies but we don't always do a good job of telling the story about our products. Our competitors often make a huge deal of features and functionalities that Microsoft products have had in years. Even as a FTE and 10+ years at the company (true blue Microsoftie), I often come across things in our products I didn't know existed. We can do better in that area. To give credit where due though, under the leadership of our (relatively) new EVP Marketing - Chris Capossella, there are truly impactful, meaningful and inspiring advertisements, and marketing strategies that reflect the power and potential of Microsoft products, better than how we have done in the past. * While Benefits are better than many other companies, it used to be better a few years ago. Medical was "free" and Microsoft took care of all the medical expenses. With the changes a few years ago, preventive care is 'free' but employees have a co-pay for all other medical expenses. * Compared to similar tech companies like Facebook and Google, we don't have "Free Food" although "Free Soda/Juices" are available in every building. * Sometimes things may not seem very transparent across management layers and working across teams may sometimes seem complicated. But with the newer One Microsoft philosophy and way of working under Satya's leadership, there is way less politics and way more collaboration, and partnership. * Moving across organizations is relatively challenging (eg. moving from IT to Engineering/Product Group), also cross-org movement after a certain level (Level 65) is challenging. If you want to experience different orgs, move while still a L63 or 64. * Likewise L65 and above is a shark-tank.
Very political and most departments are short staffed
Long hours and difficult work/life balance are definite features of a career in MS's "front office
If you are part of an entity that was acquired by Microsoft, one needs to look hard into how your role align to the overall MSFT strategy, otherwise your will be sidelined.
Hard to shift career paths, especially at higher levels Microsoft has never figured out career growth Quality of managers varies dramatically
No free time whatsoever, no diversity within its walls as expected but makes very isolated for someone who is outside of the standard.
Bad review system. Lot of negativity and back stabbing.
The bureaucratics of the company get a little complicated. If you get mixed up in reorg it's frustrating.
Retail is a beast!  Not much room for corporate advancement for retail employees.
Long hours and difficult work/life balance are definite features of a career in MS's "front office
If you are part of an entity that was acquired by Microsoft, one needs to look hard into how your role align to the overall MSFT strategy, otherwise your will be sidelined.
Bureaucratic, too many people solving too small of a set of problems. Old management has the most influence on product vision.
Too political these days, management is great but needs to improve the intellectual culture from the top down.
Absolutely no cons. I think Microsoft is a great company. I am a Software Engineer and love it. I interviewed at other places and none of them even compared to Microsoft.
At the end of the day, you're not going to be doing the most exciting or interesting work in this role, by design. They really just want code monkeys for 90% of the work.
depending on the group you are in, sometimes things could be difficult. with recent shakeup, people are feeling nervous sometimes. gets too big.
- Quite large ==> easy to get lost in the fray - Review process (<2011) - Strategic vision - Culture (can be unpleasant, <2011) - ask someone there now - HR weak, poor workforce planning, limited opportunities for advancement - Horrible mix, FTE's : contractors - way too much reliance upon contractors - quality, recent products (Windows 10, for example)
Co-workers aren't always team players, but Microsoft is broadly known for that anyway so I'm not adding anything new.
Too large. Too political. Have to ask to get promoted, it does not happen on its own.
-You really must ask for help to get it -I had one bad management experience -Trying to do more with less employees- seem to be following recruiting industry trend
work politics in some branches, too much meetings,
- last bit of bureaucracy remains
Too many top layer management that can't effectively manage. Also too many old-school folks that's been recycled at Microsoft and been there for over 10 years with antiquated ideas of running a business model that isn't innovative. Unfortunately these 'old-school' folks are great at the politics game and can jump from 1 group to the next once they've been found ineffective.
Some teams have sub cultures which are detrimental to work-life balance. It can be hard to stand out as the standard is so high.
1) can be stressful unless you are competent
Long hours, very competitive, it doesn't matter if you went to Harvard if you don't exceed expectations you are gone, everyone is crazy smart
Generic problems relating to a huge organization. You need to know your way around in order to get things done. Often far too many meetings happening, which effectively waste a lot of time.
Generic problems relating to a huge organization. You need to know your way around in order to get things done. Often far too many meetings happening, which effectively waste a lot of time.
Lot of bureaucracy, slow pace changes, lack of standardized tools and processes. Lot of reinventing of wheel all over the company.
Big Corp sometimes feels less than personal. Oftentimes have witnessed leadership take credit and get rewarded without acknowledging or recognizing those that get their organizations to where they are.
As a big company, there are the red tape and politics that come with that sort of thing. No real professional manager training or support. People rise to be managers because they are good contributors, not because they are good people managers
Communication with candidate is not good. HR wouldn't get back to me on most questions, even if they did, it took weeks.
Microsoft is a very competitive environment that promotes non-synergistic behavior between peers. This prevents teams from finding their full potential of working together and at time rewards self-serving behavior.
bad review culture still there, still need you to show impact rather than work on your job
No work/life balance. Goal of management is to push you to your breaking point and keep you there. Terrible place to work if you have a family.
Company moves slow, too much time spent on internal politics
politics, getting busier and busier, grow too slow
Work to life balance is not so great.
I love this company, always have and always will. We're moving in the right direction but we need to stop dropping the ball on certain things. I.e. companies beating us to the punch.  Microsoft can be a great company depending on who your manager is. Some are great some are a completely failure. In that case get your foot in the door and shift elsewhere or hope for the best, the manager will move elsewhere.
Pretty bureaucratic, middle management is a bit of a mess and there's too many pockets for under performers to lurk for too long before being held accountable.
Management communication can sometimes be absent or not particularly transparent Mid-manager-level HR overhead can be daunting Some leadership/roadmap paralysis in non-core businesses A few truly unpleasant folks (like everywhere) Career/technical development is strictly up to the individual (maybe as it should be)
The culture varies widely across company functions, groups and locations. Get in a great group, and you have a great experience. The bad groups are a nightmare. And it's very difficult to move from a terrible group to a good one. Long-time employees know about the gap, so when they find a great leader/manager, they stick with him/her. Meanwhile turnover is high in bad groups -- lots of opportunities. But there are rarely jobs available in the good groups. So if you're offered a job, do A LOT of research on the group and the people you'll be working with.
No real cons to speak of besides the benefits that were once great are now just good. Other than that no other real cons
It can be very hard to get information related to your current work because it is such a large organisation and information didn't flow unless asked for. Turn over on our teams was high so there was lots of legacy systems no one knew anything about but that were critical to the business.
Politics abound and many decisions are made arbitrarily.
No specific structure for advancement.
Only a few teams need to work with edge cutting tech which means out of company, your experience of value is limited.
Managers really make the job worth it or not Messed up metric systems by which support employees are held to - taking your vacation counts against your metric. Getting sick counts against your metric. Disability team and hr do not actually help do anything. Older, male centric environment. Being different led to being isolated. Constantly.
It's really difficult to change culture or innovate processes. While they have been revamping their entire engineering process lately, there's still a lot of work to do.
Very difficult to get in. The corporate ladder is existent, but some may not mind it because of the culture and people at Microsoft.
- limited career prospects outside of WA - frustrating
politics, at times limited autonomy, lots of travel if not in Redmond WA
Management bad Review process bad CEO bad HR biased Products bad
Too big to add value as an only dev.
somewhat large and disorganized. Lots of people who don't contribute but there for pay check and hire a ton of vendors.
Small part of a large origanozation
Too much Redmond Centric. Growth for remote employees is limited. Leadership is somewhat stupid and comes from a legacy background. Very little fresh blood.
Environment can be competitive at times. Some times the pace of work can be frustrating as there are so many people and many lines of management.
if somebody has survived there long enough to make it into middle management, it means they cut their teeth back in (and had what it took to succeed through the grinder of) the "bad old days" -- (all time up to a several few years ago) when the behaviors that were cultivated and rewarded are not the kind of place I want to work in in 2015.
Nothing bad to say, really
I can't think of any cons at present
Work/Life Balance can be challenging. Additionally, the nature of the technology business is one where most everyone is looking out for themselves so you have to have thick skin and understand that environment.
Some big company bureaucracy and politics remain. Hardware refresh of 3+ years kind of archaic in the current rate of change.
The company put new grads not in their best places, randomly to different groups, without considering the backgrounds.
Employees very focused on individual targets, which are aggressive Metrics drive behaviors not always conducive to healthy team environment Work-life integration is an issue
They will let you go in a heart beat based on politics or reorg. Won't even let you apply for internal jobs. They are absolutely heartless when it comes to treating people right. I can't count the number of good, talented people who were let go for trivial reasons. I was there for over 12 years until it happened to me too.
Lot of stress. Even the performance review system changed, the mindset of the managers never change. They always compare with the same level peers even if the peer has been doing development work since for ever and the other person has just come from SDET to development.
Big company and can move slowly.
Huge company. Some managers are better than others. Sink or swim mentality. HR is in control (not as entrepreneurial as it used to be).
I wish there were more opportunities for growth within this position. Although there is a plethora of marketing positions at Microsoft, there is a perceived disadvantage of being a retail employee, despite similar skills, education, background, and qualifications.
Gotta play to get paid. Self-promotion is a constant necessity along with the ear of your skip-manager (your actual manager has no power to grant you rewards). Annual "Connect"s are only as good as your skip's willingness to read feedback. Glowing reviews can be sent straight to the Recycle Bin because it was "too time consuming" to read them all.  Dogmatic adherence to the Microsoft ecosystem. Wanna write something in Python? Forget it. Switch teams (and company while your at it). Have a great OSS resource you'd like to pull into a project? Good luck getting through LCA approval. Butthurt is all around when someone calls a MS baby ugly.
The way to get ahead is to snap into the matrixed organization. Those that get to the top are not liked by all, just by the few that need to be impressed.
Employee level system makes internal job growth extremely challenging.
A massive giant. Things more slow here (although it has begin to change lately). To get something done, a lot of infrastructure/process hurdles needs to be crossed.
Might not find what you really want to pursue as a career
some managers have the title but truly aren't good managers. Not people person. they might have let their title get to their heads.
Some groups have too much politics and people tend to territorial. But that is improving under new leadership.
A lot of change is happening, it is not always well thought through or executed. This can result in lack of clarity in role and expectations.
Work/life balance can be challenging.
Very repetitive work, wanted to bash my head against the wall at times out of boredom.
Don't like the latest performance review system
Work-life balance can be challenging
Retail is retail so the cons are all typical retail related cons. Long hours, working on holidays and weekends, cranky customers, etc.
Not all managers are good around here
Too many conflicting priorities. Many manages, especially in Licensing, do not understand Cloud and are just 'resting and vesting' in their roles.
Too big, process heavy and not as agile, depends a lot on the team you are in.
Misalignment of incentives, slow decision-making process
Nothing as such to be called con
annoying customers that can't help but to compare you with Apple and declare which is better. Not a lot of full time opportunities.
Networking is key to be successful in the company. You have to reach out proactively and continuously by yourself to expand your own networks both inside and outside the company. The culture is not for everyone, but for people who fit in, it could be a great place to work.
Its too large, to much double speak, and more often than not the right hand is not talking to the left.
Decisions are made by people that have never worked in the field.
Like some other big companies, there are individuals that are not making a big impact, but still receive big rewards.
* Legacy of bad code, bad technology * Unclear goals (subject to the team) * Poor communications, too many unrelated corporate spam * Tend to use in-house products many of them are far below open market competitors
Mid level management is very weak. Lack of vision and decision making skills.
Good ole boy network, review process drives strong people out
Too many levels of management sometimes.
The pay does not competitive
Seems to target older employees that can bring wisdom to a situation as obstructionist rather than bringing a sense of reality to a situation. Expectation to work all hours of the day and night, but tout supporting work/life balance. Once someone tries to have work/life balance, they are marked as slacking off. Glad to be gone from there. Also, the rating system is rigged for favorites rather than what was produced, which makes moving to another group almost impossible if you are not one of the favorites.
Work life balance will not be as good as you would like. The salary compared to other big tech companies is not as good.
Company that is complex and political
There will be always some politics at upper levels.
Lots of management and unnecessary initiatives
They look for career secretaries/ administrative assistants, so it's not that great if you are looking to advance beyond that type of role. Limited advancement opportunities if you are not located in Redmond, WA. No equity or bonus structure for administrative support staff. Way to many disparate internal systems and processes that are time consuming and redundant.
Hey, No complaints right now.
microsoft decided to cut the lead role last year and turned all leads back to ICs. what used to happen normally in a 20-30 people team was that there are 3-4 leads for several well-defined and non-overlapping areas with 3-5 people underneath each, and maybe a few principal ICs reporting to the dev manager since they are too senior to report to the leads.  upper management decided to cut the lead layer for whatever reason. now as far as I can tell there is no single person that's happier. 1. (ex-)leads: obvious. they got demoted. no paycut but hey, who likes being demoted? lots of people left immediately, many ex-leads are still leaving. 2. ICs: little/no sense of focus or attachment for junior ICs. out of collage newhires are simply lost. since leads only had small teams they used to have quite a lot of time for the new guys. now your manager has 20+ reports and runs from one meeting to another. and honestly there is little/no seniorIC-to-juniorIC mentorship unless you happen to go to a team with good people. there is nothing at microsoft that rewards mentoring juniors. 3. managers: they used to have 3-4 leads and plus a few principal ICs reporting to them. now 20+ direct reports. no time to do 1-on-1's and every single thing from the most important to the least escalates to you. 4. lack of management track: lead position was a stepping stone for becoming a manager later on. now it's gone and there is no track for ICs that want to see themselves managing a team in X years. if you're at microsoft ask this to your manager: "what should I do today if I want to become a manager in X years". They won't have any answer. because there is none. No management track whatsoever. the chances you'll be managing a team is equal to somebody in the management chain leaving. and even if you would call that a management track (I wouldn't) that's the worst management track imaginable. think about it. One day you're an IC. next day you have 20+ people reporting to you.
Large and slow - a lot of middle management paper pushers who are where they are just because they have spent time in MS
Intense and hard driving. You have to be very disciplined to keep a work/life balance.
Toxic environment, people don't trust/help each other Fear culture Mismanagement, bad leadership
bureaucracy in process and communication leads to huge lags in time for decision making and lots of whiplash across the organization in preparing materials
Although PMs are really important and contribute a ton to our product, sometimes I feel like there are too many.
- NO FREE FOOD! it sucks... - You won't get the latest Mac Book Pro and iPhone when join - To get promoted you often should be a fried of your manager - Comparatively low compensation - Might get some routine boring tasks if you are not in the right team, though you can switch them pretty easily
Retail. Do not expect a promotion as there are only a few stores in the state
Too many disparate processes and tools.
job is mostly boring, you get to do what you don't like sometimes.
Middle management could not seem to let go of the past... the company is moving towards a platform agnostic setup that focuses on services, yet many managers I talked with still help to the concept that "Windows is king".  Work/Life Balance was not a phrase what was known. I was expected to reply to emails at 1am and 5am... You can forget your vacation because you would have to have your email on you 24/7. This was the reason I left
Many a times adds features to products, that are technologically great, but may not get customer adoption quickly. So it may be hard sometimes to see the impact of your work, if you are working on such a feature.
It can be more adventurous
Significant Internal Politics Style over substance Slow moving Too Many Teams competing for same bonuses Corp Executives Rarely see eye to eye
Lot of Politics, Skills are undervalued at times than your ability to maneuver in political environment.
Was hard to adjust at first
I ultimately left the company for multiple reasons, and they all had to do with poor management. I had 5 managers in 2 years. The job I was hired for was reorg'd away between the time I was hired and my first day of work. The job I was given when I arrived lasted 6 months before my team was reorg'd and moved under a different manager doing completely different work. That job was reorg'd away another 6 months later. Most managers did little help their people improve, often didn't do anything to leverage people's strengths, and were many times afraid to be forthright about performance. Although the rating system changed in the past year and a half, the results aren't much different. People still get stack ranked, and those on the bottom are put in a position where moving within Microsoft is next to impossible (requires VP sign-off from both the losing and gaining org), so their only option is to leave. I saw several good people leave the company as a result.
Very unfair when it comes to review. I have worked with managers who would sale one direct reports work on another another senior direct report. Managers change review if you are moving to another team.
Sinking and bloated subcontinent of the IT world. Race to bottom by endless layoff rounds.
I wish i could say the rumored infighting at Microsoft between groups and teams was not existent but that would be false. However with all the major re-orging that has taken place the infighting has certainly reduced but still there. Microsoft is an older tech company and it shows. a lot of things are still very politically driven and there are still very strong hierarchical barriers. Ideas still mostly come from the top down. All this is changing but slowly.
None that I can think.
We never released the product, too much corporate back and forth
- Too technology focused and not about selling business value with customer - Sales management is junior varsity - Field sales is inwardly focused vs. focus on customer - Co-workers are about looking good to peers and sales management vs. focusing on customer sales pursuits - Quotas need to be reset around the reality of Offcie 365 and Azure and not about on-premises windows and office
- Bureaucracy: the company still feels big, old, and heavy. Everything needs a million approvals, and people get back to you slowly. - Are we going to make it? The company is way behind in many markets and may not come back. There is enough cash in the bank to last forever, but there will be a point of no return well before the money runs out. - Some products *suck*, and you're expected to use them anyway. It's also really embarrassing and demoralizing to make crappy products. - "Kool aid": many people internally seem to think our products are much better than they are. There is a vocal feedback culture telling them the products suck, but some teams aren't listening. This can be extremely frustrating. - Management is inconsistent. Many divisions and individual managers are excellent, but there are also giant pockets of rottenness, ranging from HR-type problems to poor feedback to over-focusing on short-term results to simple poor decision making. If you're coming to work here, make sure your manager is solid. Of the orgs I'm familiar with, I would recommend the C+E organization (Azure) and disrecommend Microsoft IT (highly political). - Slow to promote/give raises, causing many good employees to bounce to competitors for a while, then back, in order to get their fair market wage. - There are a bunch of old-timers who still don't get it and act like it's 2002 and we own the world. They aren't doing well and are slowly getting pushed out, but they're still around annoying the rest of us.
bad management evil people who dont like you
long hours, but still Pros outweigh the cons
Totally depending on teams, but in some team, not everybody are interested in personal development. You may find low quality work sometime.
Moving up can be hard useless you can move around a lot.
No development of contract employees. My office was a storage closet for 6 months. While I worked on some very complex routing protocols.
Organization in the hardware teams is nonexistent and has pretty bad leadership all the way up the chain of command. Lots of layoffs since joining (over 7,000 people from the Nokia acquisition, hundreds of others from Xbox, Surface Hub, etc.). People don't seem driven and put in minimal effort/hours. Many are just cruising with their high-pay, low-stress jobs and focusing their time on things outside of work. Have to use Microsoft technologies to get all your work done (Outlook/Sharepoint/OneDrive), none of which work well because they push the internal buggy versions to everyone's machines. No real "company culture" that I can identify with. The company is focused way more on software and the hardware engineering operations are kind of a joke.  Personally: project was canceled within three months of taking the job. The job I negotiated for was also not what I was placed into and management didn't seem to care. Ended up being a big step down on a technical level. There's an overall lack of any real challenge and, for most of my time here, a lack of any real work to do at all. Team was not prepared for my arrival -- couldn't log into computers, couldn't access emails, had no badge/couldn't access the building for four weeks and had to call coworkers to let me in after using the bathroom. Horrible experience from end to end.
I am specialized in consumer services. Microsoft is putting all its focus to enterprise business. If you interested in cloud, I recommend you. Otherwise, there are better opportunities out there.
The city is not mush change than SF
The company is getting better at navigating its future, but it's still a bit lost. You can see attempts are underway to change course, but it's still a bit slow, especially since the company is very reliant on a lot of old software and ways of doing things to pay the bills.
Difficult to transition to other opportunities within the company without having established relationships
lots of politics, software concentric
Company culture is still working its way to a truly collaborative environment and away from the dreaded innovation killing silos. The influence of the legacy extreme performance review structure is still leading to effective employees being forced out (granted it'll always be hard to separate all the wheat from the chaff).
As with every company, there are some bad seeds. The bad seeds I have run into here are the worst I have ever seen in my life.
grow slower than the beginning
stressful, must be able to maneuver the company intranet and figure out where to go and how to do it by yourself
I like it, no cons for me
Some teams seem to be in maintenance mode, I would avoid those teams. Not clear if Windows phone will survive.
Not many unless you have a manager whom you dont gel with. I understand the draconian rating system has been eliminated.
Doesn't always have structured ramp-ups. There are too many teams work in silos that don't have good cross-team collaboration. Agile development can also mean dissemination of new products and features is not well communicated cross-team.
Large company with many layers of management Very Political as you advance up management
Constant organizational changes. Don't expect to keep the same manager for more than 2 years at a time. Moving between jobs internally has been made much easier than before, but it's still a challenge.
Bogged down in ineffective middle management Performance review process changed yearly Men seem to move up more quickly than women
So big, bad for remote workers if not in sales
Ad hoc engineering process, relies on brute force to delivery, poor mid level management
* Pay wasn't the best in the industry until couple years ago. Now its slowly coming to par with likes of google, FB, etc. While the amazing benefits compensate for some of that, its still better to get more hard cash in hand, * Little bit of bureaucracy. Fading away as Satya has taken over. * Not much of stock benefits
Can be hard to get visibility in some orgs, layoffs can be very unsettling especially on a work visa
In the competitive environment, you may tend to feel a bit intimidated by the performance of your co-workers
It really depends on the group you work in. Some divisions, like the product groups, have a much healthier environment. They have more money and better laid out business plans. Other divisions like the support groups, you are at the whim of the product and business groups so there is less budget, less respect, and you sort of feel like you're on the bottom of the totem pole.
It really depends on the group you work in. Some divisions, like the product groups, have a much healthier environment. They have more money and better laid out business plans. Other divisions like the support groups, you are at the whim of the product and business groups so there is less budget, less respect, and you sort of feel like you're on the bottom of the totem pole.
cost of living, traffic, corp culture radically different among groups
Typical corporate environment that no one should be surprised.
Career management has gone down the drain. Increasing work demands over the years - travel has creeped into the job description where it was not there previously
Not many cons to report. Perhaps the review system and the competitive culture but that's typical of a high tech company.
Some groups don't have good leadership so get to know which team you are going to be working for and talk to a few people within that group before picking one.  Review system is still a bit broken as it involves you being compared against peers and not exactly the outcomes. There are some positive improvements though, I think it will get better with time.
Hard to feel like you're making a real impact, beauracracy
Hard to pretend that my work is meaningful
- Too much politics at middle management. - Sometimes slow paced. - Not exposed to outside MSFT technologies
A lot of bureaucracy and administrative overhead and too many processes and procedures that changed frequently and often get in the way of doing "real work".
Nothing, None, Nil, Zero, Empty
Career management has gone down the drain. Increasing work demands over the years - travel has creeped into the job description where it was not there previously
- Hard to find a proper mentor within such a large company - Can be hard to connect on a deeper level with others because there are so many people
Not excited of daily work
Not many cons to report. Perhaps the review system and the competitive culture but that's typical of a high tech company.
A lot of bureaucracy and administrative overhead and too many processes and procedures that changed frequently and often get in the way of doing "real work".
Folks are overworked right now, with no end in sight and management is not empathetic. Some pockets of management are way too political. New 'review' process seems disjointed as well as how rewards are determined. They say there is not a curve but when you have to manage to a budget the reality is there has to be a curve or stack ranking to manage to the bottom line.
Culture is cut throat, stack ranking performance rating system creates culture of paranoia. Employees are too afraid to take risks. Really hard to get anything substantial done, maintain and execute are the norm.
At Director level - Pure and nasty politics. Despite of being one of the top Tech companies reports are made manually. Stone age. Very poor leadership skills. If you think that someone cares about to - forget it - Make the number and the next year they will double your quote - end result you are not going to get a bonus. If you are a women or men of principles and ethical values that is a wrong place to be. Work life balance completely negative.
Limited Career growth No Long Term Job Longevity
market is too small, competitive is not strong
Nobody is willing to go out of their way to assist you with personal projects. Time-consuming and unintuitive tasks given occasionally.
Same as other big companies. Slow in changing
I was a contractor, which meant that I had far less job security and a rather sad excuse for benefits. No vacation pay, no sick pay, and the health benefits were a joke. I may have had a better impression of the overall experience if I hadn't been quite unceremoniously booted out the door with no two weeks of notice.  Normally Microsoft has a general policy for contractors to work a certain amount of time before needing to take a 6 month hiatus before being allowed to return to the company. The contractors on this project however became assimilated into a greater part of the studio through some unclear and confusing policy which, we were told, meant an indefinite employment for "at least 3 years" and plenty of job opportunities to advance their career and even become FTE with Microsoft.  Instead this turned out to be a bunch of bloated nonsense and after realizing that their budget was overblown, several people were quickly let go with no prior warnings.
Killer hours and ridiculous timelines
Mentor is busy sometimes and workload is not so heavy for an intern
I really don't have anything bad to say.
Length of process/approvals are too long many times.
Infighting is still a very real problem at MS. There has been a major push to remove the once toxic competition between orgs over the last few years, but it's still gaining traction. Re-orgs, leadership turnover, and office moves are frequent.
Red Tape, can get lost in the shuffle
Legacy management still in place. Yes, SteveB is gone and some of the new kids (Satya, ScottGu) now have substantial scope, but middle to senior management is still littered with lifers who are slow to adapt.
Development process is overall slow. Does not respond to trend quick.
Still some pockets of the old guard mentality in working in Silo's. Still lots of waste in overhead and spending on the wrong stuff. Review model is still a black hole and comp is overall less than before
work politics are unavoidable, constant re-orgs
Big organization, so the pace of work is slow.
Constantly on your feet.. That is about it
high deductible savings account with low match
There are teams that are still hanging on to the old ways of software development and not fully taking bets on other teams' technologies.
Too many re-orgs. Makes it feel unstable
Lot of politics and no transparency from even from immediate managers. No choice in selecting work that you want to do. Can get stuck in a bad team and suffer for a long time. More emphasis on completion of the task than quality. Meeting deadline is more important, no matter how many regressions you introduce.
- Lots of passive-aggressive people - Trust and team collaboration very low - Alignment among teams is a big challenge - Still too many people doing too many disjointed and duplicitive things
Budgeting processes, too many meetings, requires an army to get anything done, slow and lack of agility
Lack of agility. I don't see a good outlook given the decline of Windows market share and the lack of any mobile presence among competitors.
Too many management levels makes it hard to rise up
management should be more transparent sometimes.
Management and politics in this company suck
the company culture is to not be first in innovating but rather play catch up. they pitch otherwise but in a close room the right people admit to be the case. there's desire to change that but culture is the last thing that you can turn around from one day to the other. people organize plans and goals around what is more amicable to their next review outlook, particularly general management. Reinventing a language just because you can mark it off two years later is not delivering innovation. That hurts the company outlook.
Slow-moving, lots of red tape, don't code as much
- Awkward performance appraisal - Easy to get lost in Crowd, as multiple doing the same thing
Microsoft has been developing a very political environment and the previously called stack ranking process (which was only rebranded for PR purposes), together with the "good attrition" target that every manager has (they are forced to let 5% of the people go each year), have contributed to the toxic and non-collaborative atmosphere in the company. After lay-offs and good attrition became standard operating procedure to make adjustments for any internal or external deviation, there are many "clubs" where groups of a certain affinity protect each other and play with the fire and hire tactics to keep each core intact, trading internal positions to give the impression of career movement, just to mention a few of the unfortunate aspects of the company's culture (or lack of). Microsoft became a company of middle managers that are very savvy on the political play, on making arrangements for survival with little to no space for taking risks, creativity or even have opinion.
Very competitive, layoffs make people feel on edge as you never know if you are next
- Disjointed organizational structure. - Technical problem solvers often promoted to management roles where technical skills gradually become less useful, yet they are not vetted for or provided proper transition to management training.
There's a lot of Red Tape. Big Corporate Feeling.
Huge bureaucracy with little ability to affect real change.
Work demands place some strain on life/work balance.
Sometimes too bureaucratic, work/life balance can be tough
* Reducing number of employees on a regular basis to cut costs * Who you know is critical for advancement/employment * Rate of self-learning is below competitors * Easy to coast if you can find the right team/manager
The new order of things ensures every two months another large round of layoffs occur. What used to be great collaboration is now employees hiding in their offices or cubes, afraid to open their mouths for fear of being on the next round of layoffs. Instead of collaboration to create something great, the new plan of survival is to silently watch the bus drive off the cliff.
no work and life balance. Steressful
Work/life balance sucks, lower management is extremely poor and lacking people skills, benefits are not as good as they were a decade ago, layoffs abound and there are less people to do the same amount of work, less opportunities for growth than there used to be, performance model is ridiculous..
Leadership is weak in many areas of the Sales, Marketing and Services... esp. HR Leadership. Decision-making in HR is lousy and you spend so much time, energy and attention covering your rear-end that it just sucks the life out of you. Its become a miserable place to work. Lastly, the HR team is constantly laying off employees... it sucks.
Very competitive, layoffs make people feel on edge as you never know if you are next
won't be a millionaire in three years
Politics and Optics are more important than Results
difficult internal mobility in HR, a lot of politics in stack ranking which makes it difficult to ensure top compensation year over year
- Varied pace of working among different teams. - Lot of re orgs and change in management, which can slow down work and often lead to a change in direction.
Team culture changes from team to team. Some teams are better than others, and it's important to find the good ones.
Microsoft has become a little more top-down directed as of late and is experiencing growing pains as it transitions it's business model. There are times where organizations can be downright vindictive with each other, which really doesn't help the people get meaningful work done. It's important to understand the relationships and goals of partner teams well before trying to collaborate across the org.
*Department was new a somewhat unorganized, so I did not have a clear goal or set of tasks *Similarly, onboarding process was confusing and unorganized *Payroll manager (through the consulting firm Amplify) was difficult to work with *Many of the projects I was working on required more than my set 10 hours/week *Somewhat isolated from the rest of the team and other employees at Microsoft (mostly due to the nature of my chosen projects)
The workload can be intense and demanding. Schedules are often extremely tight. It can often be difficult to learn all that you want to about a new technology or project, because there is only time to focus on the current critical issue.
The workload can be intense and demanding. Schedules are often extremely tight. It can often be difficult to learn all that you want to about a new technology or project, because there is only time to focus on the current critical issue.
big and still lots of bad execs (CVP, VPs)
Hostile inter-group relations. A lot of finger-pointing to find fault. Loss of continuity on support and maintenance of core shared libraries and technologies when those technologies are considered "outdated" and "no longer sexy".
Very political and not transparent in terms of reviews and rewards. If you are not liked by your manager or if your manager is not strong, you will not be successful. Lots of big egos. Not a place where Microsoft is investing.
Unfortunately, if you get a bad manager (which definitely does happen) you''ll be wondering why you ever wanted to come and work for this company. This does apply to any company but I've seen great people who were smart, hard working and collobrative either get managed out of the company or just end up leaving due to sheer frustration because of really bad managers.
lack of infrastructure to deploy projects on emerging countries
There is so much work to do that you could spend all day and weekend working. They expect you to be available 24/7 if something happens. Very common to work on weekends.
Salary is through government program (minimum wage) Not a lot of opportunities available for permanency
All type A personalities - they preach teamwork, but then reward only a few people that take credit for all that team work.
Career mobility is extremely limited if you are located outside of Redmond.
Store manager is left to run amok and treats his staff as if they are unqualified to breath his air. Constantly berated employees in front of coworkers as well as in front of customers. Reported to HR for months and nothing was done to address the issue.
Tough if you are an Ops person working in Enginnering org, as management doesn't understand or appreciate the value of Ops skills.
They say the stack rank system is gone but its just renamed. It might be a little different this year but the employees have all be conditioned to be rockstars and make fellow workers look bad to get a bigger checks. Talk to people that have been there and they will confirm its a pressure cooker. Get in and get out in a few years.
Changes in business cycles and technology trends can lead to swift and massive layoffs. However, layoff packages are generous and include outplacement and career transition services.
Coworkers don't talk to each other that much. The cafeteria is gross. But it totally depends on the building you are in.
None, really. The current management is awesome.
Need more innovations Better reactions to user feedback
You have to make strategic alignments to keep your job. Its not at all about performance or "Doing the right thing" trust me...
Many leaders and peers were not interested in each others well being at all.
Quotas go up every year by 20%.
Quotas go up every year by 20%.
Big company structure, large corporate ladder, disjoint at times with management as a whole
Development cycles can be slow, but making good progress to speed up with new CEO.
Because the group is so big, it's hard for upper management to consider all employee's work balances.
Can get swallowed up in Microsoft world - see things through Microsoft lenses There is an expert for everything - so you will stay relatively confined to your pigeon hole
It can be very competitive.
Being on call can suck, they got rid of a lot of the in person training (hopefully they bring that back soon).
Note: Microsoft is <b>huge</b>, each department has its own culture and pros & cons, so a lot of the complaints below are specific to the Online Service Division or Bing Ads.  - Management styles in Bing Ads are harsh to the point of being unrealistic. The leadership team is certainly competent, and we've made major improvements to both our product and business strategy since I started. However, they're prone to setting unrealistic deadlines and punishing people for failure regardless of whether that person had any control over the source of the delay. It's very difficult to ask for clarification of goals or explain why it's infeasible to implement the plan in the time allotted, because the manager will often dismiss the problem and imply you're stupid for asking. Their overall attitude is 'Make it work, or we'll find someone who will.'  - MSFT's code base and bureaucracy are both huge and old (by tech industry standards). I recently wanted to change the text of a few links on one of our websites. It took three months to a.) identify the dev lead who owned the code (because ownership changed three times in three months), b.) identify the developer with access permissions to deploy the changes, and c.) get the new text approved by our cloud of business groups. In another case, it took a month to figure out which person had the authority to approve emails to customers. Both the people and the process needed for any given task change every 1-2 years, and the documentation is rarely updated completely or quickly. To be fair, the company has gotten much better about this in the last few years, but PMs still spend half their time tracking down the right person/system.  - Engineering attracts a very distinctive personality type. Whenever you make a mistake, which will be often during the first several months due to the sheer amount of new information to process, people will point it out very bluntly. You can also expect to debate the details of essentially every decision.  - There's an implicit assumption that if you're unhappy or can't met the goals set for you, you're just not smart/hard-working enough to make it at Microsoft. This creates an Emperor's new clothes situation where problems don't get fixed because everyone's afraid to report them.
Management, at least at my store, does not have passion for what they do and do a poor job of managing employees in general
1) Still has a stack ranking system to get rid of people even if they did a good job. They just don't call it that anymore. To survive, you need to the best on worst team. ie. Someone needs to be having a worse time than you. 2) Everything global so early morning and late evening plus weekends working. 3) Everything is very complex to change or integrate.
Constant churn and reorganizations. It's not uncommon to have 3 or 4 reorganizations per year and a new manager each time. One VP centralizes everything and then a few months later the next decentralizes and you end up in a constant cycle of back and forth between the two. So much productivity is lost with constant churn.
Like any large company, the politics increase as you level up.
Review system is broken.
Hard environment to collaborate. If you have the wrong leader, they can make the organization a painful place to work
Perks and compensation are not as good as in other top tech companies
The Management Style is dramatically changing and people with any time are being pushed out.
everything! Microsoft is on a free fall, most employees are unhappy and although they pretend otherwise every body knows it is a lost game for Microsoft. 1) Partners are leaving Microsoft like autumn leaves falling off of a tree, Microsoft hires and in contrary to what satya mumbles continuous to hire stereo types employee who know nothing about business and how to treat partners and clients, most MS FTE employees thiink company is doing well - from consumption to technology MS has nothing to offer - shamelessly copis from Apple and evern small startups to hang there as portray company as cool - it is quite sad. Company needs a blood transfusion here are my 2cents 1) Fire all of your Partner XX (PTS , PAM, ...) they are not doing anything 2) Change v- to FTE this is not 1800 - leanrn from civil movement- your name is no longer good on resume as most companies resent you - you are equal to wallmart ! 3) Stop buying technologies you were not able to expand and stop killing them - I mean mobile and phone business - side kick - Nokia ! come on you know you cant do this 4) Stop copy cating small open source companies - you have already lost the boat - too late too little so dont mess with IoT and Raspberry pi and Arduino and Adafruit - no matter how many times ou print their logo and beg you will never be an Open source company 5) Hire smart people not snobs 6) Provide value - what is the WPC (world partner conference ?!) why on earth they should pay $2500 + to attend a measly marketing event to watch how you fixed your last bugs 7) Stop selling open source technogies and call it your Azure cloud - Hadoop is Google's open source technology learn how to invent and stop selling it as a hosting platform for your low quality Data centers 8) Provide a decent innovation center - stop coping oculus drift 9) Your interview and on boarding process is hideous
bureaucratic, big, heavy, old, outdate
Legacy slows things down Politics can come in the way and be very distracting
Navigating organizational complexity. Decision making requires organizational agility to navigate.
It is a large company that is changing. The management chain is very thick and there is an opportunity for bureaucracy at every corner - the smart people are able to work their way around it.
long working hours even weekends
products are not very exciting.
Could provide formal hands on training sessions on some of the technologies.
Former review system was designed to pit co-workers against each other. I've read that this has changed recently and am hopeful that is the case. Management as-a-profession was overlooked. Most managers were risen from the ranks of specialists and while many were excellent some were absolutely not good in a manager role, this was not often acknowledged.
Lots of internal competition for the best projects Managers are hit or miss Poor work/life balance
A ton of change Yahoo/BIng agreement change was sloppy, poorly managed, and impacted negatively Commission taken away for the year Incompetent mid-management Review practices are ridiculous
New system so issues with POS, supply lookup, pickup, pre-order, and shipping are present at a store level that always pose issues.
I honestly can't think of too many. Some older internal processes are a little inefficient and annoying but they are getting replaced in almost all cases with newer, better systems/processes.
sometimes have to deal with politics and other people's personalities, less work life balance, have to work hard, no test team to catch quality bugs so now everything is dev's responsibility.
Red tape, too many layers
MSFT is still going through changes with the new CEO which are slow.
Nothing this place is great
Each contract stint has a pre-set time limit per company policy. Contract workers have to be away 6 months before thy can return.
Many, many, many changes in organization structure, staff, and process with little documentation. No clear objectives communicated. Issues with staff morale.
Can't get overwhelming at times
A bit more corporate than many Seattle-based companies
Same as in many huge companies, it is a challenge to find always the right co-workers for any specific topic. As well it is a full world of acronyms, which you need to learn every day!
Not any cons from my observation.
TBD TBD TBD TBD TBD
TBD TBD TBD TBD TBD
Management is the worse I've never experienced such a degrading environment as I experienced at this store. Management seems to think they have to break you down and they never build you up.
Inter-team and division politics can be a bit rough, but I hear this is getting better. All of the pitfalls that come with working at a mega-corporation.
There was no free food! Quite a change, working at Redmond and paying for food at the cafe, as I had come from the Silicon Valley.
Your experience will vary year to year: frequent reorgs means that you can be working on something completely different that you didn't choose and place you under new leads, and some of them aren't any good helping you progress or keep you interested in the job.
After sometimes, you can get bored by doing the same thing. It's hard to climb up. If you have right manager sometimes its easy to get up, otherwise tricky.
constant re-org corporation culture does not really encourage people to collaborate, too competitive company is no longer growing
if you can tackle the pressure.................
1) No cons, whatsoever. Although, for some reason people believe that Microsoft is a place to retire. And you lose your skills after going there.
there is no cons for MSR
I like my team and manager, but I have heard stories from other teams of micromanaging, expectations of putting long hours and slave driving
Sorry Microsoft - but nothing has changed since I Ieft. In fact, given the horror stories I hear when I meet with colleagues still working there - the forced ranking is still there: zero bonuses even when goals are exceeded. No tolerance for employees that want to take career risks and try new areas for growth: if the fit turns out to be a poor fit - you are labeled "no internal moves" and you time at MS is over. Last, there is a strong tendency for Indians to hire Indians - look at some of the teams - is there really such a sad lack of diverse folk that could be hired into each team?
Processes and structure can come in the way of fast growth. Lot of bloated middle management.
A lot of scars from previous administrations and not in the Bay Area combine for both an internal and external brand equity problem. The team is light years ahead of where the market is and simply needs to wait for the world to catch up. Sometimes they are trying out new things that simply don't work, folks don't expect that kind of risk taking from such a large organization.
didn't find many cons at this program
Red tape evident for a company this big and old.
Upper management had no idea how we did our jobs, so they would change strategies at the drop of a hat, with no idea how they could be implemented from a practical standpoint.
Everything takes time to implement
Too much management, a fair amount of politics
The layoffs have pushed out the best people with the best cultural attributes, and only the toxic barnacles stay on (okay, the layoffs did get rid of some IC barnacles, but every toxic middle manager was spared). If you're innovative and a risk-taker do not go there - you will be crushed. Also, despite the talk, it is not a 'meritocracy' - it's all about politics and gamesmanship. There are far better companies with much better cultures around - go there.
The Management in the store is terrible. Some don't know how to manage and others hate you coming up to them with problems ( But that's the reason they are managers to fix the problems) The Management only sees the bad. When it comes to certain managers whenever something good is done there is no recognition for the great work.
Lot's of organizational change all the time since I've been here. Although it's for the better.
quality of life and amount of travel
I can't think of any 'cons' other than issues that all companies can have: - in my particular org, I'm not very happy with the decisions that management makes. - the layoffs have been hard to swallow over the last couple years.
So matrixed, it is really hard to get things done. Decision rights unclear. Lots of waste, due lack of focus on process or focusing on wrong results. Politics and competitiveness between groups is pretty awful, but getting better
Work life balance is not great.
Sometimes slow to change, but getting better. As with any big company there is some politics. Not always sure why some people get promoted and others don't
Not sure the overall organization is ready to embrace the Cloud
bureaucracy, red tape, old mindset
Frequent reorgs resulting in instability and insecurity. Mid and lower level management seems lost in the transformation process, with their focus mainly on finding a secure place for themselves, and less on guiding their org through the new changes.Data culture is still missing. Success depends more on how you manage up versus what you deliver and impact. "Impact", "Consumption" are more of buzzwords, since most of the activities and core skillsets of the people still remain the same (old wine in new bottle). Integrity of many of the success metrics used are questionable. Customer focus was never a core strength, and the current transformation has only distracted the business further from it.
Can get stuck in a quagmire of politics because the company is so large. At times, it can feel like the company is slow to respond to competitive shifts.
Lots of office politics at the managerial and maybe more senior employees levels. It use to be harder to move around within Microsoft then to find opportunities elsewhere. I heard they may have changed it since 2014.
Location is in Redmond, instead of where the fun happens (Seattle).
I cant think of any. Very Strong company
Products not always super sexy. Huge company and easy to get lost. Competitive.
Benefits are slightly under par when compared to Google or Facebook
None I can think of
Focus on making quota is overwhelming at times. Much of the sales and account planning is license driven.
Though it has improved with the new CEO and the product lines aren't competing as much anymore, there are still silos where duplicate engineering systems exist, representing a waste of time and resources when compared to our competitors
systems and tools to get day to day work done are sometimes sub par. Management reporting and score card focused which can sometimes lead to myopic internal focus rather than customer focus. Culture is very email and IM centric for communication. Not as much face to face collaboration as I'd like. Cross team/org collaboration is a challenge as the company continues to expand.
Too many people. Too many meetings. Too many layers of communication.
none to speak of for now
Culture focused on titles, very siloed, no work life balance
Pretty much top down in my experience. Though they are making a lot of changes they always seem to play catch up.
Red Tape and slow in decision making
Although microsoft research had an open culture, I still feel that I have no idea of what other groups were doing.
Nothing much, typical experience working at a big company .
Shark tank politics, your worth is dependent on your "promotional velocity" (HR's term!), you will always be graded on a curve - the curve just doesn't have a fixed shape anymore. Rewards are still angled towards Hero Coders - and make no mistake, the company is still dependent on them.
In an effort to try remain relevant the company has become more of a follower than a leader. However this provides opportunity to those who can bring the latest and greatest in leadership.
Having to please 6 customers at once.
Shark tank politics, your worth is dependent on your "promotional velocity" (HR's term!), you will always be graded on a curve - the curve just doesn't have a fixed shape anymore. Rewards are still angled towards Hero Coders - and make no mistake, the company is still dependent on them.
In an effort to try remain relevant the company has become more of a follower than a leader. However this provides opportunity to those who can bring the latest and greatest in leadership.
Having to please 6 customers at once.
Terrible leadership, tough politics, favoritism, and a leadership team that focuses too much on "ever onward" without ever delivering on it.
big company, culture can be difficult
This isn't really a con, but to be successful at Microsoft you have to be an information seeker, and not expect things to just be done for you. Microsoft hires the best, and expects you to come to the table with something to offer.
The management team in the Pub Sec Consulting division is horrible. Too high on cronyism and nepotism. The review process is still totally screwed up...so nebulous that you never truly know where you stand. The forced attrition model is still alive and well...don't let anyone tell you differently. I witnessed several long term staff (one with 18 years of tenure) get sent packing with nothing but a boot print on their rears. No package/severance at all. These were not weak performers...you don't make it 8, 12, 18 years at MSFT being a weak performer. There is forced attrition and once you are on the list, you are not getting off. The bonuses for Utilization and CPE (Customer Partner Experience) have been manipulated by HR again this year. The numbers are now tied directly to a team number. Does not matter how good you are...if you have a slacker on your team you pay the price. The health benefits used to be incredible. Now they are just average.
There are political messes all over the place.
All the recent layoffs ... A company like Microsoft should take of the employees, particularly when (most, if not all) employees love working there and put their heart and soul to good work.
Only con is working on holidays and weekends.
Engineering often gets lost in trying to solve too many problems at once. Not enough focus on engineering quality and efficiencies, but getting better with renewed focus from leadership. Review system has become blah with the latest update.
Nothing  I don't think any cons or negatives May be little traditional and dominated by full timers Managers are authoritative
Options for career advancement as an admin are severely limited.
I dont find any cons in this job so dont know what to wirte
no one tells you how to take advantage of your benefits, the stores are in busy shopping malls.
- Team Collaboration is not great. Too much focus on individual contribution for performance evaluation
Nothing as i know except some politics of managers
Limited internal business execution performance. Highly-vertical / silo company (like 6 separate companies within a company). Redundancies in roles/responsibilities with legacy culture that has not learned how to leverage end-to-end cross-functional value. The good news, new leadership is fully aware and is driving company horizontally (to align with end-customer) vs. product. It's a painful process that will take time.
- The compensation side of the current annual review system still needs refinement. Compensation ratings are relative vs. peers -- which is arguably necessary, given budget realities -- but divisions vary in how they allocate rewards across the rating spread, and the results are not always fair to all involved.
Old processes but changing rapidly now
Old processes but changing rapidly now
Bureaucratic. Example: if you need to purchase non-Microsoft software to do your job, the process can take 6 weeks. Generally you will feel as though none of your ideas actually get shipped and that can make your work feel meaningless. Overall company culture is insulated from the rest of the technology sector and still living in the 90s. Example: employees attacking other employees on Yammer for owning iPhones (instead of Windows Phones). The path to advancing and becoming a manager is incredibly long. It seems like it would be faster to leave, advance to a management position elsewhere, then come back and leverage a higher position that way.
Not very challenging work and work and career is mostly driven by your manager and the management change
No more all paid for health insurance 50-60 Hr week is a norm
too new to know which way it will go
Too much politics. Not good to get Pregnant and have babies.
politics, some managers are really very bad individual contributor,
There are many managers within the company who really shouldn't be managers. Having a manager who cares more about their own career development or one who doesn't understand how to navigate the political landscape can really set your career back.
lots of meetings every day
restrictive company, hard to find a place where you do what you love, the review process does not work.
Layoffs can impact even great performers if the company is going through a restructuring.
Compared to other companies of its class, I felt a lack of entrepreneurial spirit amongst employees at Microsoft. Plus working at Microsoft doesn't really prepare you for your own startup - from both a tech and business standpoint.
You have to be in the right group there. Since it is such a big company, there are a lot of small groups that hardly do any tangible work and there are some managers who just get away with anything. They are not answerable to anyone. HR is really very weak and doesn't do anything to support an employee. There is a lot of politics and bureaucracy which is really sad!!!
Really no cons whatsoever, they're awesome!
Very demanding work load and not much autonomy.
Not very agile, even thought things have been changing recently.
Very limited organizational structure which makes it hard to get things approved
The longer you are there, the more political your experience becomes. You'll need to battle your peers for good reviews, promotions, and raises. The smartest and most technical seldom win -- it's usually the most vocal and obnoxious.
Quotas are set so high they are unachievable. So if you can't live on your base, I would not recommend it as a place to work. Field management has lack of leadership and vision.
Social life is not very great in many groups in Microsoft and the competition between team members is not very cool sometimes.
The finance organization is a sexist environment. I would discourage talented females for joining the finance role. The environment is one that does not foster an open dialogue. The SMSG organization still has a stacked-ranking culture. The culture is more competitive than collaborative. Hierarchical in structure. This is one of the most political environments of all Fortune 500 companies. If you prefer to be in a more meritocratic culture, join Amazon.
As a contractor (if applicable) you receive no benefits, limited or no formal training, no career path and at times you are not invited to "internal only" business meetings that affect your productivity and make you feel like an outsider. Microsoft does not offer contractors a mechanism to get hired (only thru good connections and the public web site).
Since the company is so large, people move around a lot. It can be very competitive.
Like I said, sometimes felt too big. Was hard to know everything that was going on, and some decisions felt like they were top down. But this was rare and for the most part the company believed in hiring bright people and letting them run with things
Layoffs in 2014 really hurt office morale the year I was there. Obviously it's a complicated situation, but it sucks for people to be laid off and to hear stuff like "didn't meet profit expectations" when the company is netting $20 billion a year in income.  You're forced to become a MS tech evangelist (hide your iPhones).
randomization, too many layers, re-orgs
Very little career advancement. Need to be outside hire to get into management. They will not promote from within.No time allowed for vacation. Management and account teams won't let their field employees take any time off or even work with them when they have a death in their family. I had to work the day I lost my parent and while I was trying to arrange and have the funeral. Microsoft has no heart.
No work/life balance. If you do not belong to a certain culture, you will not be hired, or they will push you out if you are already in. It's become a very racist toxic environment Doing your job very well is not enough anymore.
Limited opportunities at remote sites.
Most of the time pace does not support balance between work and life. At a LOB level, change is not well thought through and even after a year of significant changes in org. structures turmoil continues.
It is still a big company that has a hard time getting out of it's own way. It also becomes "thin air" once you get to the upper middle management ranks and hard to move up.
The review system makes you focus less on doing real work and doing more to manage your career.
The level system is a nightmare if you come on low and want to move up. I made the mistake of coming at a level that's was too low for me to get a new role despite being well qualified for it.  Stack ranking, and don't believe it when they tell you it doesn't exist anymore, means good employees will have to be seen as failures because someone has to.  Management has a lot of leeway to do as they please and even if you've always been a high performer, you can get a manager that doesn't like you and your career will suffer greatly for it.  I left the company 2 years ago and now work in a role where I'm a top performer, doing what I'm good at, and making $20k a year more.
Being a remote employee and not willing to relocate to Seattle was limiting in terms of opportunities and career growth. Management priorities were clear, though shifted a lot, making it hard to know whether you were working on priority work.
very political environment, review and reward varies greatly across product group. Decisions are made top down, an environment that doesn't encourage creativity at all levels.
Old-school management style kills work culture. New direction from CEO, but no real change in work culture. What can you do for me. No coaching, no development. Use them up for what they can do for you, give them more and more work. Employees with budget (aka vendor support, shadow work force) have more opportunity.
- Several of the changes are not appropriate
Need to move faster, be innovative.
no free food - it just feels wrong to pay for food. Even if you want to grab an apple you need to pay 0,75$. old tools - they are transitioning to newer ones though untasty beverages - mostly coke, pepsi, no fresh juices, unhealthy
Large company which can limit flexible learning of skills.  Focus on Microsoft specific technology which isn't applicable to many other companies.  Horrible place to work with weak managers. Yes, that's the same everywhere else too.
Culture is rough and overly regimented. I mean Jesus did you see some of the polices around reviews in the past and on employee mis classifications, only place your LT will frown on you for treating a contractor who does real work important to the company like a colleague. I mean there is a lot of detachment from the real world but who knows that maybe a good thing to some degree.
Jumping into new position is not easy.
It's hard to feel a good product is ever produced because of how many people weigh in on the design decisions.
Not enough team synergy and collaboration.
An excellent engineer doesn't necessarily make a good manager. This is a lesson that has eluded Microsoft for decades. I've seen many rock-stars in the making walk out because of used-to-be-engineer managers who haven't quite been able to let go. That said, there are plenty of excellent managers here. When you find one, stick with her/him.
I have no complaints so far!
- a lot of "big corporation" things like meetings, reorgs, etc.
Not much new investment going on, hardly any new products coming up unlike in 1990s. Most product areas don't seem to have strong visionaries compared to leadership at other companies.
Not so much reference materials for designers. Not all designers knows about everything about the project.
Management and the temp agency I was working with never communicated. Also pay varied by gender, which was not Microsoft's fault but the contracting company, Insight Global.
If you work in Mountain View you are away from the decision making center.
Can't think of anything in particular.
Long working hours at times, hard to balance work and personal life. Location has a lot of rain and can be difficult winters without sun.
With the new 18 month rule in place, for those who have made a career contracting at Microsoft, one is now required to take mandatory time off after 18 months of consecutive work. The work around is to find a Managed Service contract. Another con is depending on your consulting company, you may be on your own for benefit and taxes.
This became a shark infested environment once Ballmer took over. It reflected his persona which was simply mean, mean and more mean. I've never seen such poor collaboration among employees, back stabbing and personal agendas. Ballmer took the curve and publicized it in a way that just caused people to act like they were in a concentration camp. It's me or the other guy. People from India thrive in this kind of environment and that's what you have today, a company run by Indian nationals in a very conformist environment.
Work ethic Unbalance between personal life and work Technologies Contraints
Organization changes occur with too much regularity. At times it seemed like the company didn't get the concept 'If it isn't broke don't fix it.' This led to a pervasive feeling of keeping one's head down and just focus on the work to avoid getting caught up in the politics. While that may be a normal state of affairs it often trespassed into distraction.
As an artist you would expect to be making great art. That's not the case at Turn 10. All the fun content creation is outsourced to India and Vietnam. At Turn 10 the artist basically polish and refine the assets that the vendors return. It's often tedious and boring work. On occasion you would have to model or texture something that was missed or incorrect but most of the time you were just touching up something. The other problem with working at Turn 10 and Microsoft in general is they don't tend to hire full time. It's contracts only. If you're good and the team likes you there's a good chance they will hire you back for another contract but if stability is what you're after stay away from Microsoft/Turn 10. Also, you don't actually work for Microsoft you work for an outsource agency that hires you out to Microsoft. This way Microsoft doesn't have to pay you benefits or profit sharing. You can get benefits from your agency but probably not as good as Microsoft gives to its actual employees.
Terrible management. Ballmer was an immense embarrassment to the entire company other than his cronies. In particular, his copying of Jack Welch's "someone must be a terrible employee" review process was a total disaster for morale among the employees.
Sometimes I feel like it has a contested feel to it with how many people work there and it can seem crowded sometimes.
Collaboration between teams needs more work and as we are enforcing One Microsoft this is getting better
There is no shortcoming currently, I am just a graduate student and feel great honor to work in such a good company.
I don't have a comment about down sides.
Less than competent management. Lots of two faced and political action (honesty not valued). Projects that do nothing other than spend money and keep people busy. Many of the FTE's (particularly middle management) are unethical.
MS is moving towards more "agile" methods, but it's still a rather sluggish form of agility - heading in the right direction, but decisions/actions will never be as fast as they would be at a smaller newer org.
Review system is not up to par
As a contract worker there is a subtle discrimination against you from full-time employees. I have been on both sides of the issue, blue badge is way better experience than orange badge.
Things change often, and they do a lot of re-organization of orgs, teams, groups or whatever. The company is very Redmond, Washington focused although it does have a global footprint.
now run by windows lifers and people who just dont get gaming. Only good guy left is Phil Spencer but even he cannot keep the Windows GMs at bay in their effort to absorb the last fun thing about mincrosoft
Management culture is very unique. There is a tendency to blame the people instead of the process or systemic shortcomings that need to be corrected.
I would like to meet ALL of the Employees.
Non-Collaborative work environment. You are on your own.
It is hard to rise and get promoted to managerial positions. Relaxed culture (could be a benefit), doesn't push you too hard to get out of your comfort zone.
Too big and too many people
Massive and often complex
Sometimes the work is not the most exciting
No free food for the peeps
Can be lots of politics. The annual review process is very opaque.
-Everything moves slowly -Reviews are still tiered despite what they tell you -No collaboration between teams, each team feels like an entirely different org
Stack ranking motivates bad behaviors.
MS-IT will use employees to test product release (eg. force windows 10 update, force office 2016 update, followed by forced restart) As a Engineer I have many programs open, vm's running, and sometimes the updates can put a cramp in my day.
Not a fun environment Poor management Culture lacks integrity and honesty Cut throat, stack ranking culture - even though they changed the rating system, it still stack ranks.
During the past leadership, not a lot of vision or follow-through. Current COO is a dinosaur and should be "moved on".
Constantly behind the curve, which generally leaves them out of the conversation. Once you don't work there it's surprising how little you hear of them in the media. They've grown to be a normal stodgy corporation, far more IBM than Google. Not a place to be if you're looking to do cutting edge work. They've moved a bit away from stack ranking as a review process, but at last count somebody still has to lose for somebody else to win.
Cross-org collaboration is a slog. Too many layers of upper management. Too much discussing vs. just doing. Not enough women in senior roles.
I don't know if it's just being in Seattle or at Microsoft or a combination, but I've never seen so much passive-aggressiveness in one building before, I'm surprised it didn't collapse on itself like a dying friggin' star. If you have any kind of a big personality be careful, because it will be used against you.
no enough opportunities for advancement, Store Management need to communicate better,
Management babysits too much, scheduling meetings all the time, very cut throat at times, show-offs and know it all's.
Many teams treat vendors as a lower quality person and don't dedicate any time to training, this is unmotivational for any employee and causes frustration. Finding a good manager can be a challenge.
very layered and too many people working on same things
Work Life balance is sometimes non existent Promotions are more based on who you know, rather than what you bring to the table.
Salaries are lower than comparable companies in the Seattle Washington area. Management style can be a little rough. Especially for newcomers. It takes time to earn trust.
Development, promotion and recognition of employees
1. Everyone is working hard to better themselves, which means whether you work as a team or not, your impact is heavily weighed. You are constantly being evaluated and expected to grow as an employee-- and sometimes when you're hired from the outside and not thoroughly trained like in-sourced hires, you can feel like you're at a disadvantage or expected to know things that you haven't been trained for. This is not a job for those who are entry-level to the retail industry or the workforce in general. 2. Work/Life balance constraints: MSFT goes out of its way to make sure everyone is being worked at the minimum standard of 20 hours p. week (part-timers) which means that if you're going to school full time, working another job, or just have personal obligations, you need to be prepared to: A) Get two days off a week that will not be consecutive and B) Know your personal life 3 weeks in advance so you can request time off. For school this is especially difficult, because there are always opportunities outside of the classroom for E.C or even graded requirements. They can only be so lenient, and this is always going to be determined by 1) how good you are as an employee and 2) everyone else's availability.
internal focused with a lot of reviews internal promotion takes a long time
Too much politics and beurocracy ( often times more time is spent arguing about whether or not to do something, than it would take to just do it! ) Copying Google in too many ways
Too Big a corporation for fast growth
Bureaucracy was brutal. This meant at times nothing could get done because too many people needed to have an opinion on how to solve the problem.  There were also long periods of wasted efforts formatting PPTX after PPTX with no reasons given as to why the edits were needed. So there was not an opportunity to learn and improve.
Salary is lower than many competitors like Facebook, Google, Linkedin, etc. Many projects are in maintenance mode which means you don't get to innovate much.
Sometimes, folks just want & need to get work done. Here are some cons & examples of lost productivity: -Career growth: Slow promotions, no defined career trajectory, too many meetings, morale events, reorgs, office moves, unwarranted changes that make focusing on moving forward distracting. -Many employed long-timers do nothing (& happily punt their share of work to new folks). You can bust your butt to be recognized, get a great review and then a minimum cost of living raise with no sign of a promotion, which dis-incentivizes morale and desire to do anything more than status quo (it may be that you're being compared to the lifers doing as little as possible). -You're expected to drive your own career. If you ask your Supervisor how to move up, or indicate interest in growing career path, they'll give you more work to do, with opportunities to learn & then promo doesn't come to fruition. Policies for internal movement prevent you from leveling up more than one level at a time, so advancement is very slow and if you didn't start at MS at the beginning of your career, growth seems un-achievable. -For as many "processes" in place, things can be incredibly unorganized. Agility is taken to a new level. Some decisions are deferred or not communicated by upper mgmt, which feels unstable. -Products are released with bugs, causes lots of downtime. Frequent changing/"upgrades" on internal tools/software being rolled out 1/2 baked. Nobody to contact internally to discuss issues or Q&A, but rather, you write an alias and the requests goes unattended for days ...more downtime. -Huge focus on minority groups (women, diversity, culture) and being "politically correct" which creates a bigger divide (ie: you'll hear folks talking about "women in the workplace" in a context where no real skills are discussed, but rather a person's gender). -So many programs, events, trainings, meetings, morale events, women's groups, etc. to *possibly* attend. Some optional & some formalities. You can honestly socialize all day via Yammer groups, internal interest group aliases, social gatherings, meetings, and hallway conversations - granted you have time (must be the lifers who have the time for this?). -Too much (false/forced) emphasis on collaboration. While I see value in teamwork, there's no individual autonomy (this makes it easy for some to slack while others work OT) around individual outputs, ideas or creativity. Creates a culture of codependency and inequality. -Emphasis on being responsive to Skype (IM), email, office interruptions, meeting invites, etc. (probably b/c everyone's trying so hard to collaborate). Lots of randomization.
Doit yourself environment when it comes to IT support. If you are diverse it can feel very lonely, also feels like there are initiatives to rid the company of older employees. Still have stack rank culture
There are teams that have really bad managers
The weather can be difficult for some people, and traffic can be difficult. This is offset by the decent public transportation.
Completely subjective review process. No work-life balance. They talk about it, but when you stop dedicating your whole life to work, then you are not having enough global impact...
The pain is that you need deal with much legacy stuff. Inter-operation among teams is not very effective.
tough working environment. Competitive and aggressive workplace
Your career is dependent upon your team, manager, organization, funding, project, peers, etc. There are too many things that could disrupt your career at MS. Forget about innovation. The attitude is to just get by with the bare minimum and a me too product.
None that I see daily
Not everyone can fit to the culture
The pay is very low however the requirements for the position are also low, so you can start without any knowledge... and so is your colleges. The average knowledge of the staff is very low up to the SME position.
Corporation going through many changes, divisions are in silos hence not much inter-division interaction
Environment is too comfortable. Too big. Much red tape. Colleagues of varying skill levels.
Hours, Stress, Work life balance
Insane bureaucracy. Getting anything done can sometimes mean 'socializing' with dozes of people/groups. For a company of ~100K people its amazing how very very few actually hold the power to make a decision (whether trivial or not).  Many jobs you are not actually doing anything meaningful, rather MS wants you to feel it is meaningful, but the job exists solely to talk to another part of the company.  Bottom line: things move at a glacial pace and if you are not one of those people with power it can be maddening.
Microsoft has so many resources that they can be very wasteful
Like most big companies it really depends on which group you are in. Some are great some not so great. Moving around groups has recently become easier which is good.
I didn't have the same experience in MS Office. Lack of flexibility
smart people starts to leave ,( No free food
n/a .
Isolated atmosphere. Brand image is not as competitive as before. Some legacy of the past management structures still dragging the company.
Long work days, occasional bad manger will kill your career
1. Some team has a little bit heavy process. 2. The control right of manager is still high
Like any large company, there's bureaucracy, politics, whatever. Some teams/orgs are better than others. In general I'd avoid the really big ones (Windows, Office, Bing) and find smaller teams that are more nimble and often have better work/life balance and social cohesion.  Pay is very good, but many comparative companies likely offer better compensation (Google for sure).  Satya is changing the culture, but it's like moving an aircraft carrier, it takes time and there's plenty of pockets of resistance from folks who are used to the "old school" Microsoft. It'll take time to weed most of them out.
ineffective leaders, line managers shoulder the brunt of the strategic direction and execution while leaders are disconnected
The team i joined was new at the time. Management pushed people to work at nights and weekends for new releases. Atmosphere was tense. people complaining. not a good place to work in general.
Microsoft is no longer an innovator in the tech space and seems to be playing catch up in a lot of the sub-spaces, e.g. mobile.
Such a big place, so you are one among thousands. No other complaints
Same problems as rest of tech industry - predominantly male population. Also, company is getting biased against older employees.
Drinks are mostly soft drinks unlike other top tech companies where they provide smoothies and protein shakes.
Can be (not always) high pressure, stress, expectations
Many teams have too much process and are too focused on the software development process, and less on the end product.  Innovation can be difficult in the well established products (Windows, Office, ...).
Depending on the team, there can be a lot of politics and bad work life balance.
Still some "old MSft" culture of battles between divisions and territorial behavior. Still not an awesome place to be supported as a senior female engineer, especially in terry myerson's org.
- Teams were competing with each other, resulting in combative culture - Data and systems were not integrated, people spend lots of time on manual tasks which should be automated
Big company politics affect how projects are funded in a negative way. Time pressures on projects were very heavy.
I'm a W-2 worker at Microsoft (via a staffing firm), and a U.S. citizen. My pay is $0 because I have yet to receive a paycheck three weeks after my start date.  Imagine starting a job where: a. your pay rate is variable, even optional at the discretion of the employer ... even after you've done the work. b. you don't know when your first paycheck will come, or even if your hours of work have been approved. c. The company doesn't think you're important enough to issue you a security badge on day 1. So, your start date (and pay) is delayed, and no assurances are given as to when that badge will be issued. Beg your new co-workers (or the intern) to let you in the office every day in the meantime. Observe that you are part of a scheme where your co-workers' frustration increases because of your lack of badge. You're helping reaffirm company dysfunction. Be patient when people seem frustrated at you on some level for just being there. d. the position you just took was cut from 18 months down to four - even before you started. e. You'll also learn about all the jobs you applied for and passed over so Microsoft could give it to some H1-B worker (some of them management positions).  If you can imagine that ... then you can imagine what it's like to start work at Microsoft.  Details follow ...  The only kind of work I was offered was a W-2 position with an employment agreement that says pay rate can change to any amount (or be eliminated) at the discretion of the employer. The recruiter said the position was 18 months. I later found out it was 4. More than two weeks after being hired and I still haven't gotten get my access badge for my building. Payroll setup hasn't been happening either.  It's enough to make ANY person feel as though they are not valued at all. It's also a way for a company to tell an employee:  "You're welcome to work if you're willing to accept that your pay rate will be retroactively changeable at any time for any reason, or even eliminated. You'll have to beg your co-workers to get in the building for a few weeks, and we can't tell you when your first paycheck will arrive. We're hiring you because the talent in the H1-B pool just can't make the grade."  If you take a job at Microsoft you can expect your live to start out that way. And if you're into that you've debased yourself as a human on the outset. Microsoft management seems to understand that.
Not so great Seattle weather
Culture did not encourage cross group collaboration, especially around review times. From what I have seen in the last 3 years, a lot of things have changed
Tight competition in the market and the need to make significant changes has adversely impacted the culture and opportunities that existed in the past.
Old review system contributed to an excessive individual work environment instead of collaborative.
Big Company culture, politics, might be lost in the crowd
too many old guard folks that are just coasting into retirement, skews much older than most tech companies
its depends on the group your working in...
no work-life balance, red-tapes and politics
-making people managers who should not be managers!
Depends on what team you are on, you may have limited room for tech growth. But you are always free to switch teams. Pay is average at start, but gives you a good foothold for future career
Lots of administrative tasks to complete, such as time reporting, compliance training
Review system makes things worse than if no bonuses were given at all. Morale can be crushed when someone is told "you did good work, but it just didn't have enough visibility". Bonus system imbalance sees that certain people get large heaping bonuses, while other critical less 'sexy' work is totally ignored.
Our systems are just soooooo slow. It takes forever to make a decision. And many of our options are taken off the table by antiquated systems that are inflexible. We're working on that (which is good) but it is sooooo slow. While the culture is good (i.e., good work/life balance) I'd say it errs to much on the side of life than work. But maybe I just like accomplishing things...
Not all teams are equally great
Utilization for consultants is important yet outside of a consultant's control since it depends on whether there is an open position on a project. Too many reviews - 1 per quarter. Might have to travel weekly from one coast to the other if nothing available in your own region, but that is the nature of consulting, so not really a con.
Terrible on boarding experience with HR and benefits. Some groups still have a feeling of competition with each other despite the changes review and reward format.
The product management is heavily geared towards engineering types, without enough training in (or respect for) design. It means that decisions are often made from a technical standpoint, or with a flawed design point of view.
Difficult to maintain work-life balance. Like any large company, sometimes the politics can be frustrating.
Politics, inability to advance in certain roles/groups. Work/life balance still has a lot to be desired.
Things are complex and change fast.
Review system, politics, continuous investment in yesterdays news
Culture is somewhat ignorant about and/or resistant to use tools everyone else in the world uses. Often choosing to build its own internal tool in-house that is either buggy, "special" in interface, or just outdated. Examples: build tools, source depot, various test frameworks Working from home (from a fiber optic connection in Redmond!) is stunningly unrelaible and inefficient, at least for general development work on a large codebase. Process to approve contributing to open source on your freetime is relatively cumbersome
A little slow working environment. Learning curve is huge
Not always the greatest place if you want work life balance
Top managed from Redmond - Satellite office, despite being quite large, had little autonomy. Yearly re-orgs and constant management re-shuffling. Corporate climate is more competitive and adversarial than collaboratory. Although it kept you on your toes, I believe it is detrimental for achieving the overall goals of the company.
Maybe staring at a monitor takes a toll on the employees: They would shuffle up to the stations, one by one, decided which station they wanted food from, and at best muttered and pointed to the food they wanted to put in their mouths.
layoffs every quarter, not competitive
No transparency in performance review system. They eliminated the forced curve and labeling of employees. Managers now have full control. He can say that you performed very well but give very little bonus and blame the budget. Words need not translate into actions. Very difficult to transfer internally to other divisions. It is easier to find a job outside than move within Microsoft.
Less challenging and may become boring after a while.
Middle Management is still transitioning from old to new, however this is short term. beginning of 2016, it can be different.
High pressure, too much work to do, slow decision making (though better than in the past)
Lots of change at the company these days. Comfort with this level of change is a must to be successful.
* Review system is getting better but still remains of the bad system. * Company is still having issues competing with competitors.
It has reduced the benefit significant and a lot of people are leaving and it just have hard time to retain people. No free meal.
ultra competitive workplace with up or out mentality
- Incentive structure encourages political fiefdoms
> Lower compensation compared to similar jobs in peer companies
Lot's of internal problems. Lot's of turnover plus never allowed to manage the same account for years at a time.
The office is in the downtown, however, the parking lot is small and not much space. The instruction was not clear most of the time.
Big organization, slow to change
Innovation gets scuttled by multi layers of management. In some teams, politics and death marches are a severe challenge. In short, if you don't get the right team, you can have a difficult job. Compensation, raises and benefits are not impressive.
Some (but not all) managers have poor technical expertise. Most managers never code and never look at code. Lots of politics and shady agreements between managers that surface up later in surprising ways. Many projects move relatively slow, with some exceptions. Some people moving from team to team leaving subpar quality behind them.
Managers - I have had 2 bad managers out of 3 total. They don't promote the right people into people management roles which is a bummer since it ruins your experience of working at the company. I don't think this is fixable at this stage since the rot has set in.
sales are going to college kids more and more. Not built for a sales executives
Working with other departments (e.g. Windows, Office, Exchange, etc.) is an absolute nightmare. Most cross-department coordination engineering meetings tend to end in rage, tears, or near-bloodshed.  BENCH/HiPo/Lab365 status is the only way for compensation to be truly competitive with other top-tier companies like Google and Facebook.
Very complex, political company. Some bad managers can hinder a career.
Tough culture, most people switch roles every few years so always movement
As a Creative, it was hard at review time - Creative KPI's are somewhat intangible - which makes it hard to prove your value add to the company.
A bad manager can ruin your career. Extra expectations to give back to Microsoft outside of taking care of customer.
Work life balance in MGSI
life work balance, hard to get promoted
Management is hit-or-miss. Some managers are invested in helping their directs succeed & grow, but more and more, you're left to manage your own career. Content publishing is a dying breed. Editors have gone the way of the dinosaurs, and more and more writing is being shifted to vendors, with writers being reallocated to "content analysts."
Work gets thrown away, politics
More focus on timings and deadlines has to be there.
Mid level leadership often considers direct reports expendable. Still does annual reviews on a curve, just by another name. Few jobs have long term stability. Increased reliance on outsourcing. Bureaucracy slows down actual work.
Hard to meet utilization targets,high attrition,hard to gain knowledge due to shuffling and shifting of project roles based on demand
Work life balance in MGSI
Despite recent advancements there are still opportunities to replace legacy ideas and systems.
More focus on timings and deadlines has to be there.
Company is so big that its difficult to know what's going on in other business units
When the company reaches out to former dinosaurs to come back and lead, these "leaders" are from the era that Microsoft is trying to move away from, but instead of moving the company or business forward, they are all about themselves and their upward mobility. Before your hired, do your research on who your potential leader is going to be.
Work-life balance absent. Long hours, code bureaucracy (ownership). Based on Satya Nadella's new focus on cloud computing, embedded software focus diminished.
To many processes in place for a company trying to become more agile.
Success is highly dependent on the team / manager you have
Politics Old way of thinking Difficult to adapt new technologies
Management hierarchy is deep, lost in crowd
Great market opportunities missed early in mobile and search
Big and old, behind in the consumer space. Having a lot politics. Wrong incentive model. Do not have a good way to evaluate employee success. Lost the edge.
Frequent change of direction. Lack of communication from upper management.
High pressure environment. Work life balance doesn't really exist if you wish to have time with your family. Layoffs will likely continue for this company over the long term due to declining use of PC
Experience of Microsoft depends on the team you are in. It varies vastly.
I am in a niche area - Operations. A COGS group, while the existing services understand that they need a support team to keep their product running, leadership often thinks that the product should be built in such a way that they do not need the cost of an Operations team. So while essential, it's a frowned upon area that seems to be hidden under the carpet quiet often.
Culture in MS needs to change to compete.
Culture in transition Typical large organizational issues (cross team collaboration)
Management. The company is way too top-heavy. Engineers do not have enough freedom to do their jobs.  The culture that came out of the 1-5 rating system is also pretty bad, where instead of working together people are trying to "show off" and look better than their peers. While I'm sure this is a problem at any big company, it seems to be worse here do to the old review system culture that stuck even though that system was thrown out.
Old CEO legacy culture and poor acquisitions
Demanding environment that encourages competition across groups and directly with colleagues within teams. General lack of transparency from management.
Competition for opportunities and promotions is hard
1) There is no real honesty and integrity. 2) If you are a solid bright worker, you will be promoted, until they have to cut cost, and when that occurs, everyone is out for blood to not be the target. 3) Avg Health Benefits. They say it is great, but it's par with many companies. 4) Being a great performer and exceeding your goals is still not good enough. You have to be impactful. You have to want to save the world from itself. 5) Continues to terminate between 5%-10% of employees annually.
Review system is very unfair. Too much power given to managers. Lots of employees moving on b
retail hours aren't the easiest
Low salary compared to industry peers, bureaucratic as the company has grown big
Stack racking review made for a competitive instead of collaborative environment (stack ranking review system has been changed).
Lack of marketing budget investment, klugy goals/pay correlation, not a challenger culture
1. Poor career management or help (if you know someone who is good and tag along, you grow) 2. Sluggish management structure and decision making in some groups 3. Not the best salary provider, IMO
Turning from a legendary company to normal company
At times it seems to be more reactionary to current trends than proactive. PMs and engineers have a heavier weighting than design.
In the Xbox division work-life balance is a serious problem. Boom-or-bust is the rule and periods of steady, regular hours are rare. You either might as well be on vacation, or you might as well never leave the office. After ten years it became obvious that this is by design. Other divisions are better in this regard.  Bureaucracy had gotten worse prior to the shakeup in summer of '14. Hopefully it has been streamlined since.  Might not be the best place for top talent to try to get rich. It's still not clear how Microsoft plans to compete with Google and Apple to regain their status as the stock market's darling.  For SDETs opportunities to advance are thin in some parts of the company.
Politics. Too much process. Not agile enough
engineering-driven, bureaucracy, lots of lots of useless PMs who only knows how to talk and take credits from designers
Work/life balance is terrible. Although they try to provide programs to establish a good work/life balance, they instead cultivate a culture of "life because of work". Programs encourage employees to have family time "at" work, or during "fun" work functions. Seriously unhealthy for both employees and for our community.
Expensive to live there
Review system is still flawed. Bonus structure is no longer transparent. Health insurance is not what it used to be. At certain job level boundaries, it is easier to level externally than internally. If you're there for more than 3-5 years, you're doing something wrong.
Bureaucracy, very slow, too many people who have worked there for too long wishing for the good ole days of Microsoft, smart people but not street smart.
too much politics and process,
In the Senior bands and above, insanely unfair performance reviews. It all depends on how much the boss likes you. Seldom any relationship to value. There is plenty back-stabbing and tripping of fellow coworkers. If you are a woman, don't bother. There is a class action law suit pending, and it was filed for good reason. Even when you go for someone who likes you there are reorgs every few months and you end up working on something that you have no experience for, with no time to ramp up. I worked there 15 years, it is disgusting to see how differently bad the company is from when I started.
long hours and low pay long hours
low bar for hiring. most of the new hires are undergrads. very few master or phd grads. very small salary increase if you come in with a higher degree (master or phd).
It's a large company, and an old company. It's already gone through the "startup" and "young money" phases, so you won't find much free food and it won't move as fast as you want it to. Also, it's a large company - a bug you introduce could impact hundreds of millions of people. Exciting, but stressful.
Closed environment. Traffic in this particular location is a bit slow, but other than that a very fun job to work with.
I must enter at least 5 words for Cons. But not really any cons.
Microsoft needs to continue to transform, become more customer-centric and move away from old ways of thinking and doing things.
Struggle to adapt old products and approach to building software to new demands and techniques No standardized perks for seniority/tenure Inconsistent or lacking direction from senior leadership Bad management isn't dealt with promptly Inconsistent/cheap infrastructure Pockets of disruptive ego and/or lack of talent
Slow path to seniority Company prefers to bring outside talent at higher levels instead of promoting internal talent
Narrowing the market opportunity in the name of focus
It's a big company, and so dealing with competing priorities could sometimes be a challenge. But this is expected for any company of size.
There's always something that needs to be done so its important to define what Work Life Balance means to you and use those terms to honor
Decision on overall direction take a long time.
Medical benefit is not good enough. No free food. No free healthy drinks. No personal office in some teams
Below par, extremely high level of beauraucracy, high attrition.
- Since it is a huge company with 90,000 employees around the world, your contributions at times may seem puny and irrelevant
Working in remote office in Silicon Valley can be a challenge, unless you are lucky enough to own a team that owns an important system.
Have worked with some teams that seem absolutely cutthroat. Lots of politics involved, but that seems to be changing a little bit.
Not very competitive compensation. Too much management overhead. Broken review system.
Previous test managers now manage devs in new combined engineering Rampant favoritism. You have to know right people. Those people have to know you.
Work can be challenging at times, but that's true wherever you go.
Politics and people that have been at Microsoft during the old Microsoft era are not easy to work with. New Microsoft is better but still discouraging to work hard and not get promoted because of politics and favoritism.
Vision is fragmented across different products
Nothing really. Just a good experience
long hours and a lot of hard work
Some teams are not as effective as it can be.
Too much middle management causes projects to move slowly.
Management is not held accountable enough for end results, the products are not customer focused enough and waterfall is still a big part of development.
Lot of baggage from the past. Very centralized in Redmond.
No longer viewed as leading edge, don't know what a lot of the company is doing.
a little bit tense work experience which makes u work a lot with short notice
Work-life balance is hard to achieve b/c of competitive
Sometimes it's a bit uncomfortable to work there because u have to stand for long periods of time so it's really tiring
Lots of politics and backstabbing. Rampant favoritism/racism and weak management at the lower levels.
Variable quality of teams. Large organizations move very slowly. Total lack of agility. Over-staffed in some areas - people are there to make sure they've got jobs, not to make new products. Work at principal level starts to become more about fixing the org, rather then interesting technical or product issues.
Hard to grow (especially for people from the test discpline) with the latest flattening of orgs and the move of SDETs to SDE
Sometimes it's too big a company to make an impact.
Combative culture. Limited ability to move functions and across the company. They don't value talent as much as they value experience to do the job you're being hired for.
No real cons to share. I enjoy working here. The company is moving to make a change and it is for the better.
Politics. Managers controls your career.
Sometimes it's a bit uncomfortable to work there because u have to stand for long periods of time so it's really tiring
- Most HR and management have been in the company for 15+ years and are not adept at outside the box thinking. - Doesn’t feel like a tech company. Feels like Proctor and Gamble. Ironically, Microsoft once laughed at IBM for this structure - Overstaffed = office politics = creating pointless presentations and assignments for senior management that essentially add no value - Focus too much on end delivery to senior management. Should it really takes 1 to 2 weeks to generate a report? - Performance review extremely flawed and encourages backstabbing. Although this has changed, the management has not and this continues. - Coworkers subsequently not helpful, no transparency across teams
It's in constant re org and it's very confusing
I sometimes felt frustrated because I was used to doing things to an A+++ standard and so found myself there often frustrated by more Lowest Common Denominator or C-level solutions. That was probably for me the hardest part about being there. It wasn't a cultural fit for me where I love efficiency, nimble-ness, best-idea-wins, and somewhat direct communication style.
Management is not transparent. Review process better but still flawed. Lots of managers not connecting regularly and employees getting surprised at review time.  Still some politics in senior management that lead to hectic changes.
Redmond completely disconnected from the field, with a seeming lack of urgency from leadership. Re-orgs every July at the new fiscal year. Never really settled on a strategy.
In certain groups within the company, the culture can stifle creativity due to politics/processes, that are common at large corporations.
The job gives freedom to create your own schedule and drive your own success. This is really tough to do, and it's easy to fail at. Internal transfers are a lot about networking, which can be difficult depending on your own situation (specifically, where in the company you're stationed - Philly is not great for networking - Charlotte, DC, Dallas and Seattle area are the best for sustained success).
There are alot of guidelines to follow
There are alot of guidelines to follow
Not leading the industry and lot of of old timers have lot of politics going on.
technology innovations - missing new challenges in work
Nothing that I know of...
Company reputation turning around but still suffers a bit,.
Lack of direction from management. Very political and bureaucratic.
It might be difficult to level up at some product departments.
Big and complex orgs can make it difficult to navigate.
Actual work is quite limited such that not much innovation / personal input can be stimulated
long term career growth and lateral/promotion moves within the company limited by management
Poor work life balance to be competitive. Politics can be a problem at times as MS has grown to be quite large.
Review system is awful... employees even if they do a good job get screwed all the time
To much politics, no loyalty shown to all the employee's by the business, very slow at change or adoption.
Everything is too "Redmond, WA" centric. So, if you are not willing to relocate, it may be hard to get the nicest, or higher visibility positions
Too much middle management Too much politics
Lower hourly pay than median average, tenured employees have more clout despite a lack of technical ability, arbitrary standards and operations, change happens at a snails pace. Still many confusing and draconian polices are left from the former CEO, some new polices still don't register with upper management and corp.
Priorities shift on a regular basis, long work weeks
Limited training to new hires.
All the problems that come with the big size. Politics as well. Duplication of work sometimes. You have to find the right team for yourself. Too many GMs and directors.
- Feels like a "has-been" tech company - it's a large company and feels like it - If you're not in Redmond, you're a 2nd class citizen
To hierarchical and too many managers in the company
Most teams move slowly compared to the industry. Some teams had tremendous baggage and technical debt. Too much process. Too many PMs.
Sometimes it's not a great company
High workload. Lots of constant special projects on top of your regular job. Very demanding, competitive environment.
Last Lay off rounds negatively impacted almost everyone.
401k matching is far from best in class Speed of executing projects can improve further
Slow in getting things done
No free food :( Some bureaucracy
Hierarchy, slow reaction to the market,
Lot of process and slow growth. Not the right place for college grads. Less opportunity to think outside the box.
- Luck of the draw with managers. I unfortunately have an inexperienced manager who changes expectations of me on a weekly basis. Some expectations are way off the mark more inline with one who has been at the company for several years. - Lots of internal tools with no documentation. - No formal training to get up to speed. Expected to just learn things on the fly. Would be fine if things were documented better. Onboarding process varies with teams.
Really poor emphasis on work/life balance, diabolical annual review processes, salary and overall compensation below industry norms
Sort of an odd ball within the core product team because you are not Program Manager, Developer, or Tester. Demotivating and unfair review system. Managers are trying to find faults of their directs because they are forced to find low rating employees at each review. Not much of an innovation compared to Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.
a bit slow development process, too many overlapped projects across orgs
Work and life balance, excessive pressure
Colossal top-heavy inept management and stale culture.
Change at a company this large takes time and lots of the old guard are still around. It will take time to complete the shift. If you aren't dedicated hours can seem long. If you work in tech this shouldn't be a surprise. If it's a problem find a new career.
Surrounded by smart people sometimes you feel a bit weird.
Pressure to meet goals that are not always reasonable still exists, but for most roles goals are high but attainable. Microsoft has grown and now has way too many layers of management, most of whom are unnecessary and spend their time trying to appear relevant.
Political and not collaborative peers
Very large company, sometimes politics gets in the way
Left when I had my first child due to work-life balance issues.
Meetings run late and start late
No downsides apart from a very competitive climate that made it difficult to advance.
Old managers in place, probably couldn't switch so hard to break into.
The work happens a little slow
Too many decision makers still in Finland
Work life balance is extremely challenging. You are never truly offline. You do have the ability to set your own schedule, and that flexibility is appreciated.
•Set your boundaries on DAY 1. I don't mean the day you start, I mean DAY 1, in the interview loop. It depends on the manager and the team, but unless you want to work 24/7, you better tell them you value your work/life balance and that you don't check mail outside of business hours (of course there are exceptions). Most importantly, STICK TO THOSE BOUNDARIES when you've accepted the offer letter, and you're in the position. One reply from you on a Saturday or Sunday, means they'll always expect a weekend response. The same goes for vacation. Unless there is an emergency, vacation is to get AWAY from work. Do not respond to your email on vacation, or the cycle will continue.  • Any support (admin) position, no matter what company or team, depends on the relationship between the admin and the manager. When your manager is laid off - the person who interviewed you, offered you the job, the person you MUTUALLY chose to work with, the person you've bonded with, built a strong relationship with, automatically know you both have each other's support - is gone. Unfortunately, there are plenty of other managers in the group that they'll shove you under. To be moved to a completely new manager, unwillingly (on both sides) has happened to me several times. At the time, if you hadn't been in a position for a year, you had to request permission from your manager to interview (they've recently gotten rid of that rule, but not in time for me to be laid off). If you decided to request permission, that automatically put a target on your back - so I was stuck until I was finally laid off.  •The pay for admins is lower than most companies, but the benefits do help take the sting out of that.  •Admins are always last on the list for raises. Yes, if you have a good review, you will get a raise. But it won't be very much.  •Yes, you'll work your butt off, some weeks will be crazy and other weeks you'll be twiddling your thumbs. Admin positions are hourly at Microsoft, which is actually an advantage because they get paid OT (time+1/2). However, during the "slow weeks", you shouldn't be penalized on your paycheck because there wasn't 40 hours worth of work to do. If your boss says "why don't you go ahead and take the afternoon off, it's dead", I'd take the afternoon off! If I needed the full 40 due to financial reasons, I'd make up things to do. That's a waste of my time and the company doesn't benefit either.  •There's definitely been a climate change since Satya took over. The Gates days were the good ol' days, the Ballmer days weren't as great, but still good - I don't have the confidence in Satya to lead Microsoft to success. We used to be and could be again, the best of the best! But I've seen Satya makes one bad decision after another, after another...  • Every team is on pins and needles wondering who will be next on the chopping block. Morale is the lowest I've ever seen it. Something needs to change and revive what we used to be - Microsoft - a company I was always proud to say I worked for. Until now.  •Due to the "climate change", you have to look out for you. You'll be back stabbed, stepped on, thrown under the bus. Especially if you're better at your job that the other admins on the team - then you're a threat to them. For the most part, admins used to stick together, now it's eat or be eaten.  •Trust no one. Anything you say will be used against you, if it will take the pressure off of someone else.
Lack of collaboration, not top of industry benefits now
Lack of collaboration, not top of industry benefits now
Work/life balance is not realistic at higher levels if you want a good review.
boring, conservative, behind in technology, no collaboration, lazy
Understaffed for the amount of work they do.
It's a lot thinking and hours out of you day but its worth it at the end when you see your project turn out amazing
Expect to get reorged every year and that your products will never see daylight. Especially if you work outside of Redmond.
Tools are definitely not very good, build system, source control etc etc etc. But this is going to better soon I think
No one in power has any incentive to ask: "why the company with unlimited resources and access to the best people in the industry keeps falling behind" ? Culture of the company remains outdated and new CEO did not manage to change it.
Like any large company is heirarchical, longetevity in job matters more than merit, culture ia define by the GM your org is reporting into.
poor strategic vision, limited investment in meaningful new areas of business growth, ruthless political landscape, no meaningful career growth opportunities,
Only 50% 401K match, some companies offer 100% match Medical deductible is quite high for family
Being way from Redmond keep you out of the loop
I am really happy hear - not much to complain about!
No cons really. Its an amazing company!
There are lot of exciting things happening, but they need to be advertised properly
can be bureaucratic, less efficient than agile rivals, frequent reorganization and move (physical office move), performance review process can be optimized and doesn't always promote team work
Haven't really found one yet.
Lack of clear strategy, and org is very top heavy, which leads to difficult decision making processes.
Understaffed. It forced everyone to learn more and work harder though which is a pro.
Not agile enough to compete with other newly start up companies.
Innovating at the speed of light has it's down sides
It's a really large corporation and very often feels like that.
2 days of training was not sufficient to get to know all products.
Very competitive, must excel at job. Due to the fact it's a large company efforts to make change are limited.
You don't know what area you will work in when you accept the job offer. Depending on where you land, your work-life balance may be pretty bad. Little opportunities for learning and progress. Average compensation.
None that I can think of
Accept and move on before you are left behind.
Work/lift balance is a little tough at times. Given the magnitude of bugs or failures in a product like Windows, fixing them is a process that will result in many late nights and giving up your weekends.
can easily be lost in 'politics'
Lack of cross-group meetings, need to use windows (?)
Heavy politics, nice guys don't win
Chaos and a lack of checks and balances has become the norm in the attempt to become agile Teams have been cut too deeply and flattened so much it's becoming difficult to get things done Too data driven now - if you look only at data then companies like Facebook, Google or even the original Microsoft never would have been started
SOG jobs, Poor salary. They feel its a privilege to work for Microsoft
Being on schedule means management will add to you a late project. The deliverable and schedules is already promised.  You try to get the project back on track. Management will want to your work weekends. When the death march is over, your review says that your responsible for the project becoming a death march.
The environment can get you become comfortable that could become a trap
Work life balance leaves something to be desired. Review process is based on hard metrics and how well managers other than your own know about you. Have to work long hours to meet bare minimum metrics and still have to generate review bullet points extracurriculary to be anything other than middle of the road.
Lot of subtle racism, nepotism and political maneuvering going on to makes it difficult to focus on the job at hand.
Too political and too many useless processes.
Proprietary technologies, beauracracy with many layers of management
The faster shipping cadence and combined engineering that gets rid of quality assurance shifts the burden of verifying software behavior down to content developers. Nobody in some product teams seems to have time to do a thorough job anymore.
The faster shipping cadence and combined engineering that gets rid of quality assurance shifts the burden of verifying software behavior down to content developers. Nobody in some product teams seems to have time to do a thorough job anymore.
-work life balance can be poor -lots of process and layers of management makes us slow to react -lots of groups doing the same thing (slowly changing)
Navigating the large corporate environment can be difficult.
- there's definitely a bit of a social hierarchy when it comes to being a contractor vs a full time employee. - there's an 18 month maximum on all contract work. After the 18 months, you can't apply for contract work with Microsoft for 6 months.
very less scope to learn java, and open source technology
Its more like a cult than an employer. Don't plan on having any input, just do as you're told.
Stack ranking is still here even though they no longer advertise it (there is no more bucket 1-5 or 20 70 10). Feel like company is lack of directions. Products/feature designs are not focused. Brand name is not very hot, they are turning around a little bit (but is it enough?) Senior management only cares about short term gain and lack of any kind of visions. CEO cares more about cost cutting than solving problem or innovating.
Some in middle management are poor managers, stuck because they can't be promoted or fired. Senior managers lack courage to move these poor managers out. Management recognizes and promotes those employees who are adept at self promotion and *ss kissing rather than their actual sales performance and great customer relationships.
-They treat contractors like garbage
It's a really big company, obviously. I've found that it's very hard to navigate the complexity to get simple things done, which is frustrating. The company is very numbers and forecast driven from a day to day basis, however, they do recognize the efforts that you put forward in quarterly and yearly reviews. Licensing is very complex and isn't easy for reps or for customers, but the company has committed to simplifying this. It's hard to feel like you're a part of a family or any sort of local sense of community in the customers we serve.
Seattle is an expensive area
Hard to get visibility, lot of politics, difficult to get promoted if you don't talk louder than your coworkers. It's all about being seen and not about the work you've done
Growing pains as we leave behind the legacy
The flip side of the coin I guess is that you are now needing to learn new ways (ironically ... that's actually how the rest of the industries have been doing things for a while) that is different from the Microsoft that most people use to know. If you are just looking for a nine to five job, you may find you have less and less room to go in Microsoft - there are still places for that, but far less common IMO.
Didn't have a great manager and as a PM. Bing a PM at Microsoft is a bit ambiguous.
- Working in silos, no actual overall business benefit approach, instead many teams objective is to make them self look good - Too fragmented business and organization
People compete against each other. Not a team environment. When people are working against each other rather than together to solve problems, not much gets done.
needs to eject older Microsoft 2.0 (Baller era) ways, it's happening, but not fast enough
Compensation is not competitive than other high tech companies
Lack of proper documentation
Big Companies might make some people feel that moving upwards is hard and long.
Career growth is a bit difficult.
Many things depend on the team you would end up working. Work-life balance for intern might be tough, especially if you are trying to do a really great job on the project
I hope to see the company continue to embrace open-source technology
You work really hard almost all the time, and there's a ton of politics involved in every decision.
I did not like certain things. Specially, I did not like that sometimes you were unaware of the amount of time spent at work because they make it feel like you were at home.
Need the right manager to get the most from the environment, must be able to deal with matrix and politics if your mid to senior management, some old school folks remain who need to drop the attitude.
Subjective, Challenging, Lack of Vision
Microsoft is a large company with many levels of management. They are not always together on vision and things take a long time to get done.
Real-world / industry leadership in specialty areas is severely lacking, too much of the time no one knew what to do, so they just did *something*  So much bureaucracy that just to do one little thing, hard to make impact outside of your box  They don't value or give you time to do the small things that make everyone's life easier and are better for the long run, extremely concerned about short term success  Corruptible and disruptive politics everywhere which leads to reorgs constantly
-Late to market -Sketchy vision -Bad work life balance -Too many process -Many layers (Management)
Work-Life balance could be better. It's who you know....not what you know.
The large company comes with a lot of bureaucracy which hurts work.
Politics and very tight marketing budgets
This has been a good experience. I don't really have any complaints that I want to voice at this time. Thumbs up here.
Rewards aren't top Messed up review model leaves top performers underwhelmed Benefits falling behind peers despite recent updates
1. lot of work they take it from employees
No cons, I just enter to Microsoft by a merged company and the new business didn't fit well on Microsoft strategy
Still a big company and that move slowly. Major decisions still come day from the top
Lots of travel, management could have a bit more training, but it's hard when things move so fast. All and all, top notch.
office Politics happen fairly frequently
Despite the progressive nature of the culture and all of the tools that make remote networking possible, Microsoft still suffers from the inefficiencies of having roles spread out across numerous locations worldwide. Lack of collaboration between orgs contributes to significant duplication of roles. Frequent issue of unnecessary rules for the sake of process delivery
some times, it is too stressful because origination's changing too frequently
Processes can be quite slow with such a large corporation with so many employees. It is a lumbering beast.
Challenging, Management style, Processes, onboarding, trainings
Store management and above. The infrastructure of this place is build by 5 year olds and then they bring in ex Best Buy leaders...Look at what they did to Best Buy. Destined to fail from the start.
It does move slowly with change and it has allot of internal conflicts that end up impacting customers
Bureacracy, corporate, expected to work above and beyond  really depends on your direct manager/team I'd say
Extremely segregated to the point its like being black in the 60's
If you're not a type A personality and don't have a boss that's willing to go to bat for you, you'll get run over n every review period.
middle management heavy and constant restructuring year after year
Subjective recognition, ranking and reward process. Move up or move out in order to sustain your career. Your success is based on the group you are in protecting you and not a reflection of your performance.
Junior Executives and Managers are risks adverse, more people like status quote than taking risks, Employees true potentials are under utilized.
Politics, Too Slow, Narrow Minded Senior Leadership
Company culture can be slow to change Quality of teams can vary widely across the company
Very large. One has to establish team and move around to create company networking opportunities.
Low salary. Too many politics. Less challenge project.
Not all teams are great. Some of the business leaders have survived being completely below average. They have no desire to excel and in this industry that is becoming death nail for them.
Low pay pay pay, no vacation, long hours, and weekends, no defined benefit plan, management uncomfortable
The pay is very little with no hope if increasing. Vendors are viewed as disposables and are let go regardless of their talent and knowledge. Disconnect with direct managers.
I cannot think of any cons of working there. It was a great place to work in.
Full of politics Some managers are a nightmare to work with Difficult to make an impact in the culture No unity across teams on the same platform A lot of layers of management Teams can be have a terrible work/life balance Everyone outside of MS constantly doubting you Microsoft is not a "cool" place to work at (to most people)
not much room to get promoted
Company talks the talk of work life balance and teamwork and collaboration. Doesn't often work like that there in practice. And because they're very competitive, some of those smart people you work with are looking for ways to enhance their reputation at their coworkers' expense.
HR team is nothing but process and paperwork pushers, not proactive or helpful, not good at getting in front of the market place -- laggers, lot of in-house competition and fighting, which is not productive
Large company makes it hard to have freedom in work
Because Microsoft is so big, it can be highly matrixed, leaving you with a small portion of responsibility which makes having an impact difficult.
Work Life balance is not a concern. They don't care what it takes to get the project done but you'd better perform.
there is too much politics
Not so many opportunities to promotion. Company is too big to use cut-edge technologies
A lof of process, sometimes there's not a lot of choice as to the available tasks to work on
Politics seems to dominate the culture. Little discussions with leadership. A lot of typical "we have always done it this way" culture.
No work life balance, with regular layoffs happening the culture being established is one of fear, not opportunity
Too much work, too much cost-cutting, quality is forgotten
Slow moving at times, but not always
bureaucracy, red tape, delusional executives
MSFT has no interest in media or advertising
Culture, Bureaucracy, Old fashioned mentality
Difficult to move around, Compartmentalized. Not many hardware products and areas to work on.
Politics, less flexibility, less collaboration
With company of that size it is pretty hard to make real impact. Re-org happens at least once per year (but I think other companies do this as well). The total compensation (stock awards) is not as good as other competition companies.
Small business unit structures that delay/stop your professional growth, lack of emotional intelligence in detected in some of the leaders, if your boss is not into home office culture you cannot apply to it even if it's a company habit.
will not work with your schedule, always wanting you to stay as late as possible with no overtime.
The services org is becoming more and more like a typical consulting company. Thus may be good for investors, but a lot of great talent choose to work at Microsoft because it was different. Now, not so much.
None I think of really good to me
Change resistant and internally focused culture make for some strange politics at times.
- Long Hours - High Expectations - Many management layers
- Several layers of beauracracy - Not working with the latest technologies - Move slowly
Competitive pressure from all sides require us to be responsive and not reactive. Must B cautious.
Other departments don't much respect your time. You set up a meeting wherein everyone is supposed to be free according to their calendars, and they still don't show up.
Work hours are horrible. If you want to move up, you have to move.
Various teams and/or management can be political.
Terrible management in Bing Ads. A bunch of Yahoo transplants that came over from a failing company. They have no innovative skills. All they do is copy Google. Not really sure why we need executives in a copy paste model. All innovative ideas are shot down. Product Management is terrible. They have no influence over the customers and just hide behind the fact that "advertisers want to do the exact same thing that they do with Google". Take this... Microsoft store is managed by Google's subsidiary. Wtf?? This is a freakin' joke.
-At times people are just insecure and don't want to recognize your capabilities -No growth as its a huge organization -every year employees are reduced in order to reduce the budget -long working hours
The old and even the current review systems still do nothing good to foster True teamwork and best performance. Still too much in-fighting among teams or even within the same team.
The company is sometimes a bit too big. You can see how the cogs turn a bit slowly at times. This also means the company has accumulated a lot through the years, which makes fixing issues extremely hard at times.
Large corporation. run like one, mostly. Lots of decision makers. Your career is up to you to manage, not your manager.
I worked in Xbox, and I wish that more people were gamers and knew what gaming is like. The people working there can make a good product but I think that products would be made faster and easier if more people were gamers in their off time.
The down side was having to push harder to pick up the slack for the slackers.
MS still hasn't quite figured out moving and 'internet' speed. Yes, you can go to market early and fix things later, but that works best with a v1 product in an open market. With a V10 product you don't get as much forgiveness.
Senior Management was not always trustworthy. Lack of transparency.
MSFT did not have a good vision and a good strategy for their phones division. They purchased Nokia smart phone business but they shut down offices in Salo, San Diego, China, etc... The company doesn't seem to have a clear vision on where they are going with Windows phones.
Leadership is awful, much more concerned about their own survival and being the best YESMEN they can, causing paralysis, gang behavior and zero execution. VPs are rewarded for producing org charts, data is ignored, product design is not implemented and they've lost their way in terms of producing anything that anyone wants at any level. A great american tragedy.
It's a services organization that's an afterthought for a software company. You're often in direct competition with the licensing teams.
Limited resources despite billions of dollars in the bank
There's not much to say here except that I wish I was offered full-time and not just part-time. I would have stayed longer if it wasn't for the limited schedule I was working.
Some teams are more mature than others. If working in a team with lots of senior colleagues, career growth is slower than average growth velocity of peers.
Fire drills, internal reporting tools are surprisingly cumbersome and not integrated with each other. Little flexibility to work from home.
From what I hear not all teams have the same strong management so really investigate the health of the group before you join them. Hopefully these situations are becoming less common now.
- Corporate politics - Dishonest salary scale - 24/7 work schedule
- People are really competitive here. If you are in a team of more senior people, then you don't have to worry much but if you are in a team with more junior people (i.e. ones who are closer to your level), then it can get messy really quick as everyone is trying to proof how their contributions matter the most. - Frequent reorgs and changes in strategy. If you are one of those people who can switch directions fast, then you can thrive over here. However if you are one of those people who get really attached to your work, then the reorgs will have a toll on you.
Long work hours and little respect for work-life balance, despite excellent benefits. Still very much stuck in their old ways.
None, I have nothing bad to say.
Very political, customer is an afterthought - not the driving force for updates/changes, slow to change.
Saturation means there isn't much room for account growth Quotas were unachievable without auditing for software compliance
- Managers allow employees to over-commit - Review process is arbitrary and metrics frequently change mid-cycle - There are cliques that protect each other and leave others out to dry - Some managers micromanage and demand to know what work was done every hour of the week
No respect for creativity. super long hours. extreme buracracy.
Need a position in a growing product within the company.
Reviews and promotion very subjective, still not based on impact.
There isnt much of a downside
long commute from where I live but they provide shuttle transportation. I really don't have much to complain about.
lot of competition within team for promotion
It's a big company, so sometimes its hard to get noticed for the work you are doing.
Can't find any...but since I have to enter at least five words, then again...can't find any...
lots of internal churn internally which delays deliverables
none to speak of great company
Company has lost direction and is floundering. Intense pressure is put on everyone to do something, but no one seems to know what that something is.
Very narrow minded, poor vision or direction from higher ups. Management is biased, you get fewer chances to prove yourself and there can be gender/race bias in some groups.
None None None None None
pay not as good as other big tech companies
The change in the IT industry is a difficult one to grasp right now. Movement to cloud services or lack there of makes it hard to manage a group of clients that are not up to date and with the times. The ivory tower does not always understand this.
- Money is the most important thing to the company. Health benefits went from the best in the US to marginal. - Scorecard driven - Limited career path outside of major campus locations
It is competitive and political
Sometimes it's difficult to get things done. Not "One Microsoft", yet.
Commuting to Redmond is very painful. Limited upward mobility due to a career path that can easily dead end. The only real constant is change which can be disruptive.
There's a constantly changing bonus structure that and everyone competes against the entire company. Career development lacked when that was talked about.
At the time of the massive layoff in 2009, the company stock was worthless.
The positions are limited in Microsoft Charlotte as here we focus on Customer Support and Services. For newly graduated students, it is great to join a big company like Microsoft, but in order to explorer more opportunities, Charlotte may not be the best place to stay with.
Work life balance is not great
Not an industry leader. Work environment extremely political.
Typical business related problems as any large company
Less Salary. Microsoft has great benefits, but most of the benefits doesnt apply to most of people.
The culture and review model are at odds. Not sure who they want to be.
work life balance can be challenging in some groups.
difficult to get in,should conmsider people with good experience and worked earlier.Not an easy job, changes impact millions of users which can sometimes be very stressful.
Takes a toll on you. Makes u work so hard
Hard to advance if you're not in Redmond. Reviews (the old system) are a brutal time suck. Constant reorgs. Intense politics. Free health insurance was discontinued a few years ago. Layoffs (and secret layoffs) have gotten to be a pretty regular thing.
More so than not, the culture has grown more toxic. Fiefdoms have only strengthened under Satya instead of diminished. The systemic loss of integrity is becoming a bigger problem. The "come from behind" mentality is simply not going to work in the current industry landscape yet those who have built their careers on this approach run largely unchecked.
Too many changes in upper management. New management does not have the experience or expertise to manage a team and drive results.
Microsoft have the typical problem most large company have an that is everyone working together as a team to move processes forward.
Too many layers of org, matrixed and redundancy.
Tend to be somewhat of a red tape but is definitely changing for good.
Such an engineering driven company where, if not in Engineering, you feel like your impact is minimal, based in Redmond w/little oppty to work in the Seattle urban space, absolutely no concept of leaving your work at work... it's always waiting for you even when you go home, difficult to land on decisions and just get work done.
There are some day that you feel stress because the challenging of work. But I think this can happen any other work place too.
MS Retail is in it's infancy. Every 2 months you will face a dramatic change to how your job is measured and how a situation is handled. You will probably face high-turnover as many positions are judged harshly by these ever-changing metrics and lack of accountability on the highest of management.  No opportunity to shine or show your skill. Even the most devoted softies will never be given a chance to show how much they care. The daily duties are so hardwired that you will essentially feel like you work as a janitor or grill cook -- while company-wide communications will praise you and send vague encouragement.  The only way to grow is to earn the attention of people above and beyond your direct(store) manager, and get them to encourage your career growth.
1. Company getting more irrelevant from tech industry every day 2. Lots of re-organization reflecting lack of clear strategy from upper management. 3. Technology learned may become more and more irrelevant from the rest of the trend.
The Commute is too long from bothell
Really good firm to work
Not necessarily an overall con, but the upward mobility is based on your ability to relocate, which I cannot do right now. I understand that this is how it is with most jobs anyways, but I felt like I had to mention this as a sort of personal con.
Management often seemed distant - you would meet with your manager for 30 minutes each week, then not see them again until the next week. A lot of time is eaten up with email, meetings, work tracking, etc. which can leave little time for dev work. Due to the company's massive size, you can end up assigned to a deadend project, a poor manager, etc. and forgotten about.
Limited ability to have management involvement due to customer load and daily work volume.
Forced to work on platforms not because they're the best choice, but because it's MS. Slow to develop new solutions. In reactionary mode rather that pro-active innovation. Sure the research hub is huge, and hackathon is encouraging, but I don't remember much coming out of them. You'd have to finish the thing on your own time.
Few opportunities for growth, the pay you'd expect from a relatively entry level CS role, and difficult goals. Can be a bit taxing.
Losing badly in mobile space.
The Labor policies didn't make much sense. You are unable to take holiday pay on top of the 40 hrs worked in a week. Instead they forced you to take an extra day off to keep you at 40 hrs paid for the week.
Microsoft seems so busy trying to latch on to a successful strategy that it's having difficultly with consistency. The recent lay off of almost 8000 people is something that never would've happened 10 years ago. And it's okay for shareholders, but less okay if you work there.
I have never worked a place that is so hard to get people to work as a team. If you are at a large site, it might be different, but if you are at a remote office, it is horrible. Even though things seem to be changing from the press releases it still remains the same Microsoft internally. Microsoft first mentality, sell all our products, make your numbers, get your big bonus, that is what matters. The narcissistic culture here is completely opposite of most successful companies today. When you own a huge chunk of the world and you have enough cash you can make anything successful I guess, sad! Many meetings I attended were offensive too, foul language, rude jokes, etc...
I could fill a book here, but it really comes down to horrible management. Lack of clarity of mission. Cronyism beyond belief.
Politics, back-stabbing, dated technology stack, lack of customer-centricity, rest and vest attitude. I could go on.
Culture is becoming too developer-centric In a bad way. Arrogant, prideful personalities can succeed if they are great coders, while collaborative smart people who aren't as skilled with C++ are looked down upon. The leads to disdain towards the non-Dev disciplines, and a lack of structured testing/validation of the work.
Too many levels of management ..
Frat-boy management is anti-woman. If you're not an engineer you don't matter.
- Politics - Uncertainty due to layoffs
Not always agile enough to adjust to market opportunties
lack of focus in certain areas
Due to the size of the company, do expect some legacies in both code and management.
Worklife balance can be very tough to achieve Benefits are no longer above industry standards Discrepancies in budgeting across the company
Need to realize that overall impact to company and everything will be small: small fish in a big pond as LisaB said once
Highly matrix-ed company, and while they are trying to change the culture they still have plenty of infighting and old "softies" that rule the roost.
complexity, bureaucracy, slower merit increase and focus on efficiency creating additional workloads in the short term.
It's not easy to navigate thru the organization, and growth may come slower than expected. If you can't adapt easy to changes, this company might not be for you.
Slow internal changes, strange or obsolete internal processes. Sometimes not very effective.
Linear opportunities to move up. Many people are still in the "old" Microsoft and company is still very scattered in terms of teams.
Career opportunities for vendors are slim.
Ranking system that just changes names every few years to hide, promotes backstabbing and pushing others down to get ahead. Health Benefits were scaling back.
Older company. Needs restructuring. Cost cutting in lots of departments.
No QA role. Many teams are far from work life balance.
There could be operational tasks and random things that might not interest you. Company is so big so the impact you make might seem small.
- Salary not that good. Very average. - Customer Facing: pressure to work under very high expectations
- Bad for personal brand if you stay more than 10 years. Many recruiters tend to pigeonhole individuals who have stayed 10+ years as having the "Microsoft mentality" - arrogant, stuck doing things the "Microsoft way," not a team player, requiring out-sized salary.  - Some roles very undervalued relative to the developer role (for example, marketing, content publishing, IT support). These roles tend to rely much more heavily on temp staffing.  - Highly political, too many meetings, mid-level managers, bureaucracy
Culture, Leadership, Review system, Culture, Culture
Balmer and his myopic Windows only view. With Satya that appears to now have changed for the better.
Vendors contracts have changed to the 18 months on 6 months off rule. They generally won't just extended you in positions anymore.
Barely any, I can't think of any. I left because of a better job offer. Barely any cons, great place to work.
Large organization comes with its own challenges, larger projects with conflicting priorities sometimes don't align well
Upper management plays favorites, hard to move up into actual management unless you have extensive previous experience, they like to play the card "it's not what you know, but who you know" card. Only issues are with management, but it doesn't affect day to day too bad.
Very fast phase for the work. Politics in the upper level management.
Waterfall process and old technology and a distance from the new stuff happening in silicon valley makes it feel a little less techy
If you are not creative , it is better get out of this company
Lots of reorgs in the last two years.
Jobs are usually very Stressful. You suffer from very Low work life balance. No overtime given even when it's almost always expected that you work extra.
Disconnected on engaging with direct customers
Many people do nothing and slide under the radar. Make big changes you risk your job You may get no credit for your large impactful changes be prepared for people to take credit for your work Any change is seen as wrong and attacks will come from all sides, be prepared to defend the changes you made from constant attack. Completely incompetent management which support each other and drive Review system based on who likes you not what you have done Promotions are few and far between and when you get them they are not very large.
Microsoft will take every hour of your time if you let them, it takes discipline and work to maintain balance between personal and professional life, but that's the case anywhere these days.
Work to be done in mobility
tough to move from one division to other internally for jobs unless you are in product group
Too big organization, and everything is slow. Salary and stock bonus is no longer competetive with other top companies.
There is a unspoken cultural norm that facilitates risk aversion (fear). Leaders often speak about being bold and courageous, however, there are measures and processes (not just the performance system) that undermine the creativity that is fostered through encouraging diverse perspectives.
Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4, 1975. As a giant, it has a lot of similar or duplicate teams or organizations, and your cash seems are split.
Poor upermangment. Manager don't care much for product quality work and direction. Managers only care for Bonus they got. Microsoft not customer requirment company.
Policies have gotten more restrictive over the last decade, individual teams can very different cultures and conflicting goals, workloads can become overwhelming, too frequent reorganizations and name changes
Upper management not clear on growth path of key product acquisitions.
Nothing gets done because the company is so large.
Less strategic role, more tactical. Just helping other teams onboard a certain technology. Doing more project management.
Not many opportunities to convert from Contract to Full time.
You will destroy your health trying to do anything that makes sense there. The founders (specially Steve Ballmer and Bill Gates) were bad role models and they heavily influenced all leadership under them. It will take 1-2 decades since both retired to decontaminate the company from the negative influence they had in leadership. The best picture I have seen that describes the work environment is the one where the individual points a gun to all other individuals that he needs to interact at work. Projects are terribly bad planned by the top leadership and more than 50% of them are cancelled before completion. Don't fool yourself thinking that this is due to innovation and experimentation, it is simply due to bad planning. Company acquisition is insane. Billions of dollars are spent buying companies that are quickly destroyed by not letting the acquired company work the way they know. Egos fly super high (again, influence from the founders) and most top leadership don't hesitate to put their own career interests above the company's interests. This means, hide what is failing, present and sell what you didn't do but later tell it is "work in progress" if confronted with the truth, etc. Above all, if you are a software developer, you will be working with technologies that the market doesn't want to use anymore. So if you work there for a few years you end up with a unappealing resume when you try to leave the company.
Too competitive and buerocratic.
Lots of unnecessary intra-office politics, some teams operate on 'dog eats dog' principle, lots of ambiguity wrt: company overall direction and strategy, frequent 180 degree turns that affect multiple teams.
Good ole' boy network at upper management level, not enough women is position of power, performance management system could be very biased
benefits hours management. They would keep you there all night if they could. The staff seems unappreciated and not respected enough
benefits hours management. They would keep you there all night if they could. The staff seems unappreciated and not respected enough
Management style. Microsoft has a management style that I felt discouraged top performance. High priority is placed on sales forecasting to the point that I spent 65% of my time each week in forecast spread sheets and forecast reviews with management. The culture set by management is also a throw each other under the bus culture. Typically sales were performed by sales teams of various Product Specialist Technical Sales Experts and Account Managers. If a team lost a sale to a competitor, management would schedule a conference call with the team for a loss review. During the call the manager would often ask each member of the team who the weak link on the team is that caused the team to loose the opportunity. The legacy Microsoft employees would immediately begin throwing each other under the bus. Having come from an IBM culture where we truly worked as a team, watched each others back and typically had "air cover" followed up by coaching from our managers, I found the Microsoft throw each other under the bus mentality to be very detrimental to to building a good close cohesive sales team where the members were motivated to trust each other and work together in a positive way to be successful. It appeared that back stabbing was expected and eagerly applied by employees in an effort to safe themselves or try to get brownie points. I found it to be a very negative and demoralizing approach to team sales..
Does not care about the staff at all. Poorly run business with lots of money to spend.
nothing much to say badthings
KT once said, "move up or move out". Understand that you must continue to grow and eventually most people will struggle with this at some point in their career.
Easy to get stuck on a career path. Policies last longer than they should (old review system). Questionable job security with recent layoffs.
not sure i have something now
Frustrating hard work, great salary a world that you dont want to be without
Tons of work, tough competition, slow career growth.
the environment can feel complacent and lacking accountability, Seattle is a great city but not the best location if you want to make a career in the IT industry
In group - out group bias is really bad in some places. Not sure how we as a company will be able to tackle gender or race bias if we can not even conquer bias between our internal teams...
Politics at highest levels (not surprising) slows down decision making Engg. and marketing undergoing major change management/transformations. Creates ambiguity until things are completely settled Hierarchy flattens out pretty soon leaving little scope for career growth, especially people management
siloed culture, cutthroat teams who do not help others,
Harsh, old school performance review system. Skillset gained inside is of limited use outside.
no work to do as well, I don't know
Game of Thrones management. Management is equal parts brutally bad and some of the best in the world. Need to remove crap managers.
Very big company, things move slow at times.
Nothing really to note here, I've worked for the company for nearly 14 years and I'm still enjoying coming to work most days!
Everything they say about the politics was true. If you have a solid manager that goes to bat for you and you do good work, you’ll be successful. If either one of those pieces are missing, be careful.
I heard they have a new manager that runs the entire program who is not very good. Sometimes the work they give you is not important and remedial (prinitng, shipping, looking up things).
Still figuring out direction in the new world.
Have to play politics all the time and find a good place to hide at annual reorg or risk getting s bad review.
Work-life balance gets unbalanced for many people. It's definitely possible to keep a healthy work-life balance, you just need to be disciplined about protecting your personal and family time.
Poor leadership in the store as well as parts of corporate. Disconnect in corporate culture and what was really happening in the stores. HR was not able to step in when leaderships were abusing their power and even preventing employee development. No room for upward mobility unless you know someone from higher up or suck up.  Disrespect of employees for their time and commitment and expect people to drop everything to attend to work related stuff.
Very large company, which can lead to change taking longer than you want.
Environment is competitive and can be very political, especially as you move up in management. Performance management is overly aggressive and creates high turnover, loss of experience, fear and instability.
Redmond centric could be a con when located in abother state/country
Culture is passive aggressive at its core
Constantly changing management direction made it difficult to fully understand career goals. This was due to my immediate manager and director. This is not your 9-5 place to work. You are expected to continue to work into the evenings and weekends.
Wanted outside perspective but were not open enough
hierarchy system give little movement possibilities for positions.
The Darwinian review system favored by Gates has changed clothing several times but is still a stack-ranking system that puts everyone on a bell curve. Only a few can be rewarded, and someone must always be the sacrificial lamb. As a result, trust is low, cross-team work very challenging, and politics are rampant. It's not about what helps the customer, it's about what lets management tell the best story at review time.
- Heavy and slow processes - Is located near Seattle, WA, which a fairly remote place (depending on where you come from). Not necessarily a problem for everybody, but it is for me. - Area is clogged and gentrified (expensive cost of life)
It was the best of times, and the worst of times in a world full of anger and happiness.
Too bureaucratic and not enough doers anymore. The company really changed in the 8 years I was there. Lots of bad managers running around who aren't getting the help the need to be successful.
Poor management Difficult to move up Favoritism Unprofessional management team
Tons of red tape, super conservative, changing strategies, poor internal collaboration
becoming out of touch with technology
Bad health insurance is the only one I can think of.
Management doesn't review performance of contract employees or provide them with advice on how to improve or get promoted.
Management doesn't review performance of contract employees or provide them with advice on how to improve or get promoted.
Smartest people on the planet believe their own press. Internal squabbling and bickering, people moaning and complaining about stack ranking. For a company of such influence, surprisingly closed minds.
The employees are not friendly. I worked hard but I did not get even reference.
Too big a company and too many people giving feedback than doing actual work.
Lousy manager no experience in software
Politics More overheard Silos across teams
- Big companies with a lot of layers of management, not a flat hierarchy like newer companies - Boasting seems to be unjustly required to get recognized sometime
bloated organization, scope of roles can feel limited especially for someone coming from a much smaller organization. Get in the right organization, layoffs occur often
For such a large company it can be difficult to identify new opportunities for role changes.
None as such as the company is simply amazing
Hire for sociopathic tendencies Cutthroat Complete lack of innovation Complete lack of creativity Very few "decent people" to work with Heavy politics and bureacracy
- idiot managers. there are still lots of living FOSSILS who are in management positions just because they've been there for 10+ years. All my last manager was doing is still trying to write a powerpoint presentation from time to time, organize weekly meetings, and (most irritating) reminding me to mark my time off whenever I was out. I asked her what to do when I debug stuff until midnight and she didn't know what to tell me. MS could fire half of its managers and there would not be a difference in engineering process/deliverables. - "russian rullette" people mention online - you really don't know when you will be fired. Yes, you don't know WHEN, because they fire in such a way so that a pattern can not be established. - the "curve". Not sure if it's still there, but having to find 5% of people to fire based on performance was a bit bad, given the strive to only hire the best. The result was dumber new hires than the people fired. - after 6 years in the company the new hires were offered more than I had. Same level.
Sometimes have to work overtime
Management environment is poor at best. High level management is not held to the same standard as mid-level and junior level management. Political environment is rampant here. They do not staff to the level of demand so you will find yourself overloaded most of the time. Results don't truly matter at the end of the day, it's whether you can play the political game and never provide a true view of reality that will allow you to advance quicker than your peers. There is a lot of emphasis to get to the top 5% and stay there by managing your political resume versus your true work resume.
Career development process can sometimes stress and distract the org significantly during fiscal end/start Sometimes there is an excess of metrics and review processes, which can drive "analysis paralysis".
A bit bureaucratic, slow to change, a lot of people who think they are smarter than they are, way too many meetings (not enough working)
Unclear expectations set around multiple vendors. Too many fire drills for my comfort but we managed them and got through them as best we could.
The company has little or no direction. They don't seem to know what they do anymore and wouldn't recognize a business opportunity if it bit them in the arse. Very little innovation occurs. There's a cadre of old guard millionaires who stifle any new ideas because they might jeopardize their gravy train. For crying out loud, retire already. Plenty of overlapping functions, adds to confusion and internal competition. You control a very small slice of a huge company. If you are lucky, that slice actually scales because you can reach 1B+ customers. But most people are so far removed from the customer that they have no idea what they need.
Older culture. Bloated workforce. Slow slow pace of innovation. Politics
Systems were dysfunctional Work life balance was talked about, but it was just talk - hours were 60+ normally
Generally large hierarchy doesn't help translating vision from leadership to those in the trenches.
- Big companies with a lot of layers of management, not a flat hierarchy like newer companies - Boasting seems to be unjustly required to get recognized sometime
Hire for sociopathic tendencies Cutthroat Complete lack of innovation Complete lack of creativity Very few "decent people" to work with Heavy politics and bureacracy
the number of people in v-teams, the number of meetings, the number of processes, the number of days to arrive at and then to execute on a decision
Cannot think of any at the moment.
Expected to work 50-60 hr weeks. Often with little acknowledgement while others getting credit. Annual review process is completely unfair as everyone gets stack ranked against peers and then forced into a bell curve. This then distributes merit and bonus accordingly. Doing one's job function flawlessly may still result in a below par review. Upward mobility and rewards are often extremely political. Bonus scales are ridiculously tipped to upper management.
No easy to switch to other teams you want to work
Slow career growth, hard to get promoted once you are in Long work hours, bad work life balance
Some teams have more bureaucracy than others. Some time you feel that you are just a cog in a big machine. In most teams, it is hard to grow career wise without sacrificing some work life balance. There are lot of people there who work hard and put lot of extra time. If you don't do the same then you may not get promotions or huge bonus.
Although sometimes it is not that busy sometimes I am in my office just bored looking at my phone really you guys need to step up your game
Leadership messages with too much jargon and little meaning. The company wants to do everything, but in the end of the day only Windows matters. If you are not in Redmond, you are out of the loop of everything. They only think on profit and to make piles of money in short term. When things are not working well, Microsoft solution is to cut cost and consequently layoffs instead of fixing the problem. No talent management/retention at all, you may be a top performer in a key area that the company desperately lack people, they won't hesitate to fire you and threat you like cattle.
I have no complaints about microsoft.
Health care benefits are limited since 2012
You are a small fish in a big pond.
Challenges transitioning from software company to devices & services company. Stock price.
It was like walking in mud to get anything done. There were intense politics when projects are cross-teams. When things fail, there were a lot finger pointing, and not enough people to try to solve the problems. The system has failed the good engineers I know.
- Some resistance to change in large orgs/old orgs - Undoing some of the damage caused by the Ballmer administration will take time
Constant change, reorganization, political undercurrent
Work life balance Reviews are still stack ranked even though they say they aren't
- Can't get anything done due to internal politics and turf mongering - 10 people are in place to do work that 4 would do more efficiently - Lack of accountability and clarity in roles leads to lack of rewards for good work
Middle management unable to make effective decisions There is an undercurrent of fear for lay off
It's easy to get spoil by Microsoft benefits
Tends to be a lot of overhead & red tape between you & your job, dependence on other teams, especially distant ones, can be nightmarish, many of the engineering tools/practices are NOT state-of-the-art.
Sometimes you feel like a small cog in a big machine, but this is probably common with any large corporation.
Kiosk locations are a joke to the company and undervalued. Kiosk employees do more work and are more well rounded as far as store operations are considered but are paid less.  No room to grow in the company from within.
Organization is too big and some hierarchy to get people manager position. Internal competiion is severe as well as internal politics.
Culture of "who you know not what you know." Company is RAPIDLY Being overtaken by H1-B Visa workers who once trenched in only hire other imported workers. If you are a local you are on your way out at Microsoft... this is obvious.
Bureaucracy, too many Principle and Partner level who lacks direction. All the rules will be top-down and everyone is trying to please higher level managers instead of what is required to be delivered for customers. All the good innovative products are sacked or put to rest who ever has the best power play wins. Even the dumb idea will be spun as huge gig.
Some management overhead since this is a big company
Long commute distance, not convenient for me to go to work. But carpool is good choice for people who does not prefer to driving to work.
Large corporation with the expected bureaucracy.
Paycycle is monthly. No benefits
Still have entrenched middle management fighting new vision
Lots of people. Hard to stand out, still has a "what have you done for me lately" attitude.
still work to do getting the arrogance out of the culture. hard to succeed and have a good work life balance.
Losing the mobile market position hurts morale. Company is very large. Lots of teams have senior ranks filled with people with large number of years at the company, making it hard to grow to very senior levels.
Depending on the role, there may be a lot of travel required.
Over the past 5+ years have struggled to stay relevant in certain industries - have definitely turned the corner
Managers are hit or miss, moving orgs can sometimes feel like a whole new company. Lack of standardization is annoying.
Appraisal is worst, management is not good
- The phase of work can be fast
Camaradery doesnt exists, teamwork seldom happens. Everyone runs for their own numbers with disregard to internal collaboration. Stack ranking prevails and there is a significant lack of vision and future to build a mid to long term career. Everyone cares about themselves and surviving.
- Lots of high-level managers no longer get anything about tech. They just prepare and present slides, with lots of help, and forward messages. You need to ignore upper management and still execute correctly, while giving credit to them in long congratulation messages at the end of the tasks, so they forget what they told you to do and think the implemented ideas came from them! - Microsoft can cash current cows for a little while. Because of this, you will see groups of longtime friends in key positions, even when those are related to innovation, just trying to repeat circa 2015 what they did 10 or 15 years ago. - Coming from a recent "non-calibration" meeting in which we were supposed to discuss impact: pure BS. Lots of people will get bad rewards next September based on their perceived lack of loyalty to the team or managers. It is all about the commitment to the team, and how well the person is getting along with peers.
The stigma between SDE and SDET is still alive and breathing.
Has gotten too big (even after the big RIFs), some not-so-bright folks, some laziness, lack of focus in places.
Low pay but I didn't really know what I was doing
FTE folks treat V- as they are lesser than. Often times v- insights are dismissed. Other v- folks are so sad that they bring down new people quickly.
bureaucracy bloated workforce + vendor staff narrow work scope can be difficult to rotate or get promoted
Not a lot of career hand holding. It is a sink or swim type of company so be ready to hit the ground running
Experience depends completely upon your direct manager. I've heard a good manager can make for a good experience but I have no direct evidence of such. I can, however, state categorically that MS is full of backstabbing, lying, worthless managers that would sell their own mothers for a chance to brown nose the higher-ups. Tons of worthless busywork, and the fun part is that it changes daily with no rhyme or reason (or communication) Ignore the job description, you are in sales, just without any commission.
Too many layers of management, lots of people in the comfort zone and not agile enough.
the company need to change
Engineers working on smaller or newer products are stretched way too thin. Management focuses too much on short-term issues and priorities are constantly changing.
It's obscene how a company will not try to retain it's employees who play the most pivotal part in bringing in the money that you horde from them.
Hard to move around. There's not a lot of opportunities for networking here and you're kind of shoved into a random spot when you get here from you BA in CS. Reviews are worthless. People won't really want to do something unless it gets them noticed in reviews. You constantly have to "remind them" that your manager loves a feature and wants it done for them to finally lick their lips and get to work.
Our packages keep shrinking every year and once you're in a track there's not a lot of chance to skip tracks. It's hard to find a different type of position where you may function at a different skill level. It's easy to downlevel to try a different position, but it's impossible to level up to a different position even though you may be exceptionally qualified for the new position. The only way to get compensated at a higher level is to leave and get hired back, negotiating a new level in the process.
politics sometimes derails from meeting customer needs
- Difficult to navigate - Lots of ego - think this is changing but it takes a while - Your experience at MS can be entirely dictated by how good or terrible your group manager is, and it seems like people at this level never change.
Reorganization every year.. Expect to find yourself out of a job in any given July.
large, slow to affect the right change, need to go along with the project of the day
Sometimes customers were confused about licensing
Lots of A-type personalities create a very competitive environment, which inevitably means you work very long hours to stand out from the crowd. The company is very metric driven and your success will correlate to your direct contributions to your immediate team's scorecard - nothing else (really) matters.
Contractors do all of the work and have none of the security, FTEs are constantly in meaningless meetings and have no time to get any true work done.
Some disconnect with brand messaging across product development stages.
Microsoft has a lot of "not invented here". It limits the creativity and growth engineers can have inside of the company.
Sometimes you have to assert your influence more than I think you should to change directives or thinking from the sales side. However, if you're competent this isn't much of a con. The pay is good, but not as good as an Account Manager - it is a balance. We as ATSs don't have to do as much admin BS as the AM... so it may balance out.
too many management issues, nothing innovative is coming out that makes one stay and work. Companies like Facebook, Google, Apple have reached way ahead.
Not sure where all of the work-life balance comments are coming from because my experience is the opposite. Unprofessional work environment, doesn't matter how high of a quality job you do- they only reward the people who fluff and kiss up to them. It is one giant PR campaign. If you are in retail thinking you can use it as a stepping stone to corporate think again. The odds aren't in your favor. Unreasonable expectations without the resources to attain them, changing work load with constant "stretch" assignments, no one knows what is going on and everyone is afraid to give you an answer because they don't know if it's right. It reminds me of being passed around on an 800 support line except it's your own internal company. Absolutely no autonomy.
Management, from the top down. If over 50 you're on your way out.
Insular culture, lots of cross purpose teams.
Very political. Many layers of bureaucracy. Very limited ability to be heard - large corporation operating policy
Salary is not at par with market. If you are not in Redmond, you will be out of sight out of mind so promotions or rewards are very limited. Very chaotic environment with very little accountability on deliverables.
was acquired with Nokia Devices & Services - was not fully assimilated into MS culture
Dealing with customers and their ridiculous issues
- Bonus is OK for lower level bands but stock is minimal - IT organization (MSIT) has a bad reputation in Product organizations (if you go into IT it's hard to get out) - IT org is much too political and if you show poor performance during a review they'd rather get rid of you instead of helping you succeed - IT org engineering groups rely too much on off-shore vendors and are vendor heavy. - IT org engineering FTE employees don't get to code as much as Product groups so your skills will atrophy if you don't do something else to supplement. - Culture is deteriorating because Microsoft is just too big.
Need to settle down with the changes, too much chop n change
Bland working environment Multiple levels of approvals
Seems like review system creates unhealthy peer pressure.
Way too much micro managing going on. You would think a company that tells you they hire the best of the best would let you work without having to constantly check in or answer to 5 people every day. Lots of pointless conference calls. Lots of redundant management.  Hiring is more about who you know, not your merit or experience, or worse, not to fill your AA quota.
pay was okay , insurance was garabage
The culture is still transforming to meet market demand and has a way to go
still accommodating to a new CEO and defining strategies for next years so it can be rocky for some teams.
Not having a good manager can hinder your progress.
Sub-standard pay, politics, far from a meritocracy
Sometimes you run into big company syndrome.
The biggest con is dealing with old legacy issues of the past. The old business model has changed from the "old days"
Difficult to advance once in role, get used to many changes every fiscal year
Lots of oversight. Not enough Independence. Too much red tape. Crazy amount of personal scrutiny.
Where to start. Expect to see constant reorganizations as management seems to lack any long term idea what they are doing. Lots of little fiefdoms run the show. Lots of confusion on what any particular team actually does. Projects get green lit and then are forgotten in weeks (unless they might make a billion dollars). The review process has been renamed but the results are still the same - you can't form a rock star team because someone always has to get the shaft. Work life balance is poor for many. That free soda and coffee is there to get you to work longer.
long product cycle, inertia. I am told it is changing for the better, getting more action focused, and ready to break down barriers.
can be slow and bureaucratic at times.
Not too many cons, but can occasionally run into a bit of arrogance.
May be challenging at times to try new ways that people in the company are not used to.
Can be slow to adapt. Too much process at times.
Microsoft absolutely does not care about entry level employees. As a whole, the company is extremely nepotistic, and upper management is completely unwilling to be critical to themselves or their subordinates. Ultimately, solidity of ideas, and data are simply proxies for interpersonal battles, with the actual ideas being unobserved.
Too much competition in the teams. Lot of duplicate work.
Pay not always aligned to contributions Senior managers are very, very political Risk taking is NOT encourage Field organizations have no power relative to the product teams
The move within the company is not easy. Even though company encourages such internal moves for career advancement, in reality it is not that easy.
Haven't come across any yet, I just got offered the job so I don't have any experience on the sales floor.
Slower to move, changing though recently
Career move is slow the company is huge, so it is not easy to turn direction Old or Microsoft-only technology Legacy enterprise product
Can't think of any at the moment
work life balance not ideal
As with any company, depends on which group you're in. In many cases, however, the old stack ranking system (purported to have been eliminated) still exists and is heavily influenced by politics. Loyalty to long-term, continuously productive employees is nonexistent. Ageism is rife.
Work-life balance, performance management system, too many layers of ineffective middle management.
Sucks with the performance review design. Almost impossible to adopt non-Microsoft technologies. Stuck with a Microsoft bubble.
Many lazy people, no one really doing much work. Everyone just seems to bulshit.
Slower to move, changing though recently
There's always lot of pressure at work, some teams has poor managers, but getting better as overall
Stressful. It becomes your life
You must be be fully available to move around. No restrictions.
* Slow growth * Only uses Microsoft technologies, no other technologies
Same cons as working for any large corporation. You need to be popular, outgoing, and love process in most of the company. In addition, you'll need to be pretty pushy to make it to the senior bands and making principle is rare and you'd be better served by starting your own company than trying in many cases. Also, the company gave up on Software Testing as a discipline, so if you love testing (or that happens to be what you specialized in) then look elsewhere.
Ballmer has sabotaged the company for a decade by not managing his reports at all (left it all to them to solve all problems / make decisions). Satya is a bit naïve about the transformation of the company. He's also green at CEO public communication (see Grace Hopper fiasco). Executives and Senior VPs are very weak, do not follow Satya's direction and spend their time politicizing. Micro-cultures are strong and you never know where you land moving internally. Bad managers can wreak your career. Pay is not keeping up with the competition that moved in Greater Seattle en-force. Too many hardware engineers are rejects from hardware engineering companies like Intel, some horrendous hardware management with overcomplicated designs when instead of putting their fingers in design should... manage! Supply chain management is entitled and wasting the talent from Nokia's device division.
High expectations to perform at or above 100% daily with poor tools and plans of execution in a timely manner is unrealistic. The daily communication pool for success is over saturated with ideas. This roll keeps you busy all day, creating reports and filing them. There are many Administrative duties that need to be completed for audit and are constantly interrupted by store sales. Lack of team support creates a struggle to maintain employee moral and ethics.  Microsoft as a Company has many great and solid future proof ideas with poor plans of execution. There is almost no plan or road map to success. Only a number goal and a time line, that create a constant struggle to perform on a daily bases, because of the lack of knowledge of the 'whys' and 'hows' there is high rate of failure. 'The Own It' program adds or often times triples the goal expectations creating an unbalanced depiction of the companies success. I can go on and on about business and employee success strategy failing over and over again. Until Microsoft decides to focus on the importance of WHY their goals exist in the first place, there will be a constant race to "the top" although Microsoft may never know what the top is or how to get there.
The company feels kind of huge and you feel like you are only one tiny gear in a really big machine.
Highly competitive. Bring your A game
Depending on the job work hours can be between 50-55 hours per week or more Has grown so much that has become bureaucratic
Microsoft is currently on a hiring freeze within the networking field.
Sometimes the size of the organization makes communication difficult. You'll find reorgs happen often, and you've got to be assertive about finding opportunities and challenges which will push your career forward. Sometimes people lack the common sense gene, over-engineering the most minute task. DevOps and combined engineering makes for a scattered role of building, testing, and supporting a product. Often, you don't work on a product long enough to have the background to become adept at supporting it.
Schedule requires too much flexibility.
Lack of processes, too much politics, inefficient, worst company I ever worked. There are 3 levels of leadership styles: Bosses, Managers and Leaders. Microsoft is full of Bosses, which just tell you to do something: "Do this, do that". They are not open to feedback or to listen to our experiences. They acquired Nokia, but have no idea how to use the tools and assets they acquired. People just stay at Microsoft to get bonuses. Other than that, a lot of people are humiliated at their jobs by their managers. Microsoft has too much money but have no clue how to best use it. Simply hate working here
No clear focus for much of the team
-Oncalls are a pain especially if your component is the backbone or infra on which other components are built
low salaries. no chance to become full-time employee
Going through big transition currently and management doesn't have a clue.
1. unhealthy managers vs engineers proportion 2. a lot of managers do not have technical background 3. micromanagement 4. slow business processes 5. msft technologies stack (a lot of outdated approaches)
Very political, lots of bureaucracy, groups constantly fighting with each other
Internal competition. Lots of incompetent managers from South Asia. Zero star should that be possible.
External Movement - back in the early 2000s, having Microsoft on your resume would open doors. While it's still relatively true (recruiters from FB, GOOG, AMZN will always try to recruit you) getting into smaller companies is hard. I had a few interviews that had a clear bias towards my experience because Microsoft was seen to be "old school" in their software development practices.  The Lifers - Sensitive topic, but there are some folks who basically understand the security of their job at Microsoft [see pro]. There are several people who are waiting for retirement and are working 10 am - 4pm hours. This is hard because they tend to resist any change or are non-responsive if you email them at 4:01 PM. It's hard to feel everyone has a shared passion for what they're working on.  The ball drop - Ultimately, somebody down the chain drops the ball. A project with a ton of passionate engineers delivers but the hardware team drops the ball and creates garbage. Or a perfect device but marketing creates these commercials that look like something my 3 year old made. Or a great platform with no ecosystem because the developer tools are hard to use.  The rat race - at some point in my 9 years, I subscribed to the idea of 'get promoted, otherwise I'm not growing!' Because the entire pay grade and responsibility is tied to your level, it's somewhat true, but when people start working the system, they are merely trying to get promotions (visible projects, taking on responsibilities at the next level) and not deliver solid work at their current level. I've seen projects where senior engineers were off trying to find things to get them to principle while they let their SDEs and SDE 2's architect the project. The code was a mess and I was surprised it didn't deadlock more often, but these are things that could have been fixed if their seniors architected the project instead of making them do the cross-team integration work. Not great if those engineers want to code but are being forced into PM-ish sort of roles. It's easy to get sucked into the need of perpetual promotions.
External Movement - back in the early 2000s, having Microsoft on your resume would open doors. While it's still relatively true (recruiters from FB, GOOG, AMZN will always try to recruit you) getting into smaller companies is hard. I had a few interviews that had a clear bias towards my experience because Microsoft was seen to be "old school" in their software development practices.  The Lifers - Sensitive topic, but there are some folks who basically understand the security of their job at Microsoft [see pro]. There are several people who are waiting for retirement and are working 10 am - 4pm hours. This is hard because they tend to resist any change or are non-responsive if you email them at 4:01 PM. It's hard to feel everyone has a shared passion for what they're working on.  The ball drop - Ultimately, somebody down the chain drops the ball. A project with a ton of passionate engineers delivers but the hardware team drops the ball and creates garbage. Or a perfect device but marketing creates these commercials that look like something my 3 year old made. Or a great platform with no ecosystem because the developer tools are hard to use.  The rat race - at some point in my 9 years, I subscribed to the idea of 'get promoted, otherwise I'm not growing!' Because the entire pay grade and responsibility is tied to your level, it's somewhat true, but when people start working the system, they are merely trying to get promotions (visible projects, taking on responsibilities at the next level) and not deliver solid work at their current level. I've seen projects where senior engineers were off trying to find things to get them to principle while they let their SDEs and SDE 2's architect the project. The code was a mess and I was surprised it didn't deadlock more often, but these are things that could have been fixed if their seniors architected the project instead of making them do the cross-team integration work. Not great if those engineers want to code but are being forced into PM-ish sort of roles. It's easy to get sucked into the need of perpetual promotions.
often a lot of barriers and rounds of approval in terms of getting things done
Politics, review process is unpredictable.
Once management decides that you are not performing to their expectation, you will be out the door, sooner or later.
Tricky to advance in this particular role from a title perspective.
As a new program, it has not offered to many opportunities for advancement...yet. With the scheduled growth cycle and portfolio soon to come, this will change.
Still opportunities to trim management teams. Lots of managers in the same place for a long time - makes it tough to change things up and leaves less opportunities for new, fresh employees.
There is too much politics. Whoever talks louder gets her or his way!
* Compensation packages tend to stagnate for long-time employees. * Performance review system still pits people against each other
Work life balance, expected to work more than contracted hours to be successful for no overtime. On call rotation for service incidents required on teams with services (Inc. Public holidays), no extra benefits as recognition (team specific). Projects can be very stressful.
Too many good things. Nothing bad.
Limited stock bonus, move slow
Review process is ambiguous Moving within Microsoft requires you to interview again You could end up in a bad team with poor leadership where work-life balance might suffer
Large variance in skills and employee engagement. While the employee performance ratings have changed, there's still a large degree of negative competition within teams and across teams
Health Insurance: This benefit went from having zero premiums, zero co-pay and zero deductible to having a $3700 deductible for a family plan and then after paying 20%. Then to make matters worst they have added a very complicated and administrative intensive HSA to manage all of this. Your wife will not have access as it is tied to your corp account so you will have to manage it if you are used to your wife managing these types of things  Expectations: The unspoken expectation is that you change jobs every 3 years or you are viewed as being dead weight. It is exhausting. So if you find a job you love and you are really really good at, you simply have to leave. Could this be the reasons our products keep getting worse? Because the people who know them have to leave whether they want to or not?  Stack Ranking: Do not believe the hype. This still exists. They just call it something else and it is more secretive  Review System: Instead of 2 reviews per year there are a minimum of 4 But they are called Connects now. You only get compensation for one. So they made something that was already a hassle and made it a double hassle. Everything you do has to have an immediate business impact. So if you have a long term strategy or even short term, say a year, nothing you do towards achieving that goal counts because it does not have immediate "business impact". This all started under Satya  Middle Managers: When Satya came onboard there was all this talk of getting rid of layers of middle management so the real ideas could get to the people who needed to hear them. This never happened. Every layoff or RIF, Middle Mgrs. were not impacted and well known technical resources were let go. This is a company that values non-technical business school managers more than technical people. Very different than when I started and the reverse was true  Promotions: You do not get promoted to a new job. You only get promoted within your current job. Being promoted is actually a negative within MS. For example, If your job level ranges from 50-52 (fictitious levels). Say you got promoted mid year from a 50 to a 51. You think great I am doing a good job! Then come review time you get a mediocre review. Why you ask? I am doing the same work I was before, same job. Management will tell you that now you are being reviewed and compared against others at level 51 so more is expected of you. Promotions can be used as a way to phase you out. If they want you gone they can promote you to level 52 so now you either have to transfer or end up with poor reviews at the higher level. I have known people who moved to jobs at a lower level so they had room to grow. Most people don't want to reach the dreaded level 63 or 64 I think which is where ALOT more is expected of you.  Outside Redmond: If you do not live in Redmond there are very few opportunities. Remember the move every 3 years, Do the math  Work Life Balance: This does not exist. You will be expected to work/check email on vacations, holidays etc. And respond. I will say that they are flexible about things like leaving early to go to a parent/teacher meeting and things like that. But you will work 60+ hours per week and be connected to email 24/7. They do lots of lip service about how this will change but in the 10 plus years I have worked year it has not. The trick is to take the popular vacations Christmas, July 4th, then everyone else is on vacation so you might not be bothered  Company/Product Info: If you think you will have access to new products, think again. You will have access when the public does. You will find out info when the public does. External customers such as TAP will know before you do. Mary Jo Foley will know before you do. This applies to internal changes in upper management. A memo goes out to the press the same time you receive it. There is no level of trust. There is also no internal system to share your ideas for product improvement. There sort of is, but it really goes into a black hole  Email Alias Nitemare: Want to talk to a real person about a problem you are having with an internal tool? Good luck. You will have to send email to an alias and they will respond within 48 hours. Call the Help Desk? Our Help Desk (the majority) is in India in case you are wondering. Want to get a question answered about Benefits? Again send email to an alias and wait 48 hours.  Cost Center: Do not work for a cost center. Make sure you work for a Product Team or revenue generating team. If you work in a Cost Center they are always nickel and diming and it gets worse every year. Work for a Product Team, especially one that is profitable and the champagne and caviar are flowing. I could not believe the difference.  There are too many temps or contingent staff. In my opinion it is just odd. And they have important jobs and get treated like full time employees. Until their contract is up and they have to leave.  Diversity: If you are a white male look elsewhere. This company is all about hiring females and non-white employees for the sake of diversity. Ironically there are very few African Americans here but people of other ethnicities  Change for the sake of change: Each fiscal year the manager's come out with their plans. Everyone throws their all into it, then come June it does not matter because the fiscal year starts July 1st and everything changes. Even if managers were on the right course they MUST change for the mere sake of change or they look like dead weight. Don't our products do that too?  Summary: If you are a student or technical rockstar looking for a home, this is not it. This is a large corporation with all the politics that go with it and then some more BS specific to this company alone. There are plenty of other options out there if you are gifted our just starting out. The health insurance when it was good used to keep people here, not anymore. I am waiting for some stock to vest and then I am looking for other opportunities
Inter-group collaboration can be difficult. Staff constantly move around to different groups
Even post-layoff, lots of dead wood
Microsoft is a Redmond, Washington focused company and working remotely has challenges
- Compensation is not attractive comparing to other companies
Not much interaction with people who are not in your group
compensation plans for sales are nebulous
No balance in life. With a steep salary comes steep expectations.
The company overall is struggling to re-invent itself, but seems to be on the right track. Not as cutting edge as Google or Amazon.
team culture is not good
Their server is not so great and user friendly, meetings are a waste of time
You're always having to watch your back due to the rating system.
Open source technologies not encouraged.Slow pace of professional development. Some amount of internal politics.
Best place to work ever, None
process some times can be painful
- Internal transfer (except company re-org) is based on network. If the manager moves to a new team , most ppl under him also move to that team. If you don't have a network its very difficult to get a new job in other team. - If you are non- Asian or non Indian, its very difficult to get job in other team. - Managers form the team from same ethnic . if the manager is Asian- you will see most ppl reports to him will be Asian and the same apply for Indians. - Due to re-org you may end up joining a team that you dont have any passion and has no interest - Its weird that for re-org there is no interview to transfer into a new team but if you want to find a new job by yourself there is interview(some team still requires 4-5 person on the loop)
The employee review process is brutal and has created a culture of one upping teammates in order to get a good end of year rating. It seems that the company can't figure out, nor get someone to consult them on finding a better methodology in order to address this issue. Hurts morale. .
Very Political Very Operational in nature
Lots of old-timers, favors and friends. Excellence isn't always rewarded.
Do not care about employees. you will lose your job from one day to another.
The company overall is struggling to re-invent itself, but seems to be on the right track. Not as cutting edge as Google or Amazon.
Large corporate culture. Policies stifle innovation and agility. Review system is ominous, large, and is often gamed by employees and managers alike.
Their server is not so great and user friendly, meetings are a waste of time
A lot of b-s to deal with, had 13 different managers in 9 years, each division acts as it own kingdom, too many layers of managers
VERY political Force you to compete with colleagues No solid matrix system, your compensation is in the hands of manager's personal opinion. No merit.
Work/Life balance was the pits, I spent many longer than average hours during the weekday and worked many weekends as well. Management is poor, often misleading, keeping information to themselves and playing politics rather than leading. This often lead to little direction, poor planning and high degree of pivoting on priorities. Little to no consideration regarding design being integral to the process of creating a usable, delightful product.
VERY political, management seem to only look out for themselves. They say they don't stack rank, but they still do and no matter what you do, if they need to get rid of the bottom 5 or 10% they will find a way to make it your fault even if you are doing a great job.
full loop interview if you want to switch team.
You almost always have to start as a part-time employee (Microsoft Stores) No dental benefits and no commuters benefits. Pretty good company so the pros out-weigh the cons.
Work-life balance tends to be trampled with aggressive targets and technology that enables work anywhere anytime philosophy.
Very little impact. Hardly anything changes. Status quo.
Salary is not so good. Salary is not so good.Salary is not so good.Salary is not so good.Salary is not so good.Salary is not so good.Salary is not so good.
You may get re-org'd out of nowhere and you may or may not have the same role / boss / skip-level. I've been here 2.5 years and have had 4 bosses and been through several re-orgs, the last of which moved me into a completely different role. I see pockets of really collaborative culture shifts, but in many orgs, you still have the fiefdoms from Ballmer's days. Hopefully that will change soon.
I was disappointed that the busiest position in the ENTIRE store was paid the lowest in the ENTIRE store.
hours being given out unfair
No Cons to list here
not much to complain about, great culture and great environment.
Way too many old ideas driving new minds.
A culture of sacrificing personal time and health for product delivery. Tends to be elitist and ivy league-ish. A lot of the developers think they are gods.
work life balance takes a hit but we need to do this anyway because the marketplace is brutal and and the competition is moving quickly too. anyways, this is high tech.
There is unfortunately a lack of personal interaction with coworkers due to a work from home culture. For some with families this would be a positive but if you like face to face mentoring and 1:1s then this could be a problem depending on which branch of the org and location you are in.
Falling behind competition in some areas
Heavy travel schedule, review process not clear.
No upside for sales people, quotas calculated to be beyond accomplishment, a great year is 110% of goal and you make an extra 15% of you base salary. Achievement beyond 150% of goal not allowed without review on your "impact" in the sales cycle.  No sales culture, management asks for solution sales and doesn't provide budgets, staffing, and comp model to support it.  Lot's of hard work with little hope of any upside.
Over-segmentation of HR roles makes it difficult to get the breadth necessary to grow into more senior leadership positions at smaller-sized businesses.
Doing a good job is not good enough -- you have to take on extra work and promote yourself to your manager's peers in order to have "visibility" when it comes to the secret stack-ranking meetings that they still do.
Doing a good job is not good enough -- you have to take on extra work and promote yourself to your manager's peers in order to have "visibility" when it comes to the secret stack-ranking meetings that they still do.
1) Microsoft is not a giant leader as it used to be, so be prepared for hardworking and high pressure (I'm talking about workload more than Google or Facebook).  2) Some times you need to deal with senior/intangible person owning some domains that not easy to deal with, and this also brings some politics issue. Mostly you won't find much in newer companies like Facebook (this also due to Facebook's unique culture I can't tell much). But yah you can still find some in other large companies in Google. But in general Microsoft has more of this kind of things.  3) Company has some issues preventing it from making stuffs fast. If you guys notice how Google struggles to move towards Mobile and still not succeed, Microsoft is just worse than this from this perspective.
Inability to hold top management caliber at partner and to some extent VP level
I wish Bill Gates would show up in person more often. He really is a great guy can can mentor the junior staff.
Review process was way too bureaucratic
KPI culture is not good,
- Company as a whole is unfocused leading to conflicting priorities
Some people are snobby and rude and have the "I work for Microsoft, I can do what I want" mentality.
Politics could hinder progress on projects. Not a lot of transparency in reviews or decision making.
Lots of standing up/ not much movement.
All parts of the company are not treated the same i.e. Product team vs services. the company is going through some pains at the moment with trying figure the true north.
There are a lot of politics on the Ad Sales team
Microsoft IT does not value people as they reorg, outsource and layoff regularly. The fact the Microsoft IT org is run by persons who made there names in sales is a big red flag.
Too slow to take actions
Bit slow to adapt to changing times
Stack ranking is kind of ridiculous specially for interns. My intern manager got fired after I left due to how bad the program became when she was around.
Strategy and leadership shifts too frequent to properly test and drive business initiatives. Corporate values used effectively during the interview process but thrown out the window for day to day business.
Poor company culture, not innovative, etc.
all in all is good :)
Obtuse way of getting ahead should be changed--Start using Azure ML to find the leaders in the org instead of relying on the old way of having management sponsor you up.  Sales culture is bad, but seems to be changing -- slowly.
Slow career progression. Slow to react to market needs.
Tiny fish in a big pond. Company is massive, so often the individual employee is forgotten. It is hard to communicate to the higher ups. The presence of an older company model is still felt.
Can be too bureaucratic at times and changes can be slow to adiot.
About half the teams there have atrocious work-life balance. My last month there involved 80 hour work weeks.  There was major bias against the Test discipline at the time.
- I equate Microsoft to communism. You are treated the same as anyone else of your lvl/title in the company regardless of project. So you will make the same if you work 12 hrs a day on some high profile project, as a guy work 4-6hrs on some low visibility project. - Titles mean nothing at this company, meaning you will find a lot of people in the senior bands that have just stopped caring and don't know anything.
Poor tools, especially for a market-leading tech company Disappointing Sr Mgmt focus
I am female and hearing impaired, and faced discrimination on both levels. I also witnessed racial discrimination.  When I pointed out an architectural flaw in the system, I was called a drama queen and ignored, until the system self-imploded from said flaw a few months later (of course I got no credit from pointing it out). I was never invited to team events and was blatantly told it was because I was a girl by other team members. I was the only female engineer on the team. My manager though topics like strippers was perfectly OK work conversation.  As for hearing loss discrimination, it got progressively worse over time. People joked about me to "not tell me to do something, I'd just hear it wrong." This grew to being told not to talk in meetings, not being invited to meetings, and being told not to answer anything verbally - the only thing I was told I was allowed to verbally say is "I'll get back to you with that" and answer via e-mail. I was also told I was only allowed to answer e-mails in one or two sentences. Then all project ownership was taken away from me and given to someone else so they could "manage my communication." I wear hearing aids and can lip read. All I needed was people to face me and talk one at a time, but they refused to do that and cut me out instead. I was told that as long as my "verbal communication problems" persisted, I would never be promoted again.  The only non-white member of my team had his computer hacked into by our mutual manager so the manager could send e-mails out from that person's computer when that person wasn't there, and effectively managed to destroy his e-mail credibility to the point where when the guy sent out an "I quit!" e-mail, no one at first believed him. Then the manager joked with someone else that I hadn't acted up enough for him to do that to me yet. I complained to HR about the whole incident, but nothing happened.  Those involved got away with everything, and are still at the company. HR said they saw no problems with any of this behavior.
The large corporate structure could be a negative for some. High level decisions are often made out of view of individual contributors which can be frustrating without lack of context.
Politics can get in the way of getting things done.
Siloed mostly to .net technologies. no free lunch unlike competitors.
Stressful environment, management might be bad, work/life balance not exists in some departments
big company, politics, not the current favorite like apple
company going through transition. Career growth not as defined as it once was.
seems like a lot of competition nobody seems to be allowed to be honest if a product that comes out is sub par objective conversations seem to be avoided
Good managers have left and only few left are hard to find. HR has a review process for managers but they never act on bad reviews. I would avoid it like plague
Too large and isolated. Lack of a cohesive direction that can be showcased by each business unit.
There is no advancement working here. If you are hoping for a career and growth, this is not the place to look. Also, the annual review for your raise is absolutely horrendous. The max you could receive is 4% of your salary and that's only if you go above and beyond your own job role and do others jobs for them (including management) and even then your still not promised the max.
Can have challenging work life balance if you are not someone who can take it upon yourself to manage priorities. Management has improved vastly in recent years, but still varies by team.
Microsoft can be a bit picky. Often the wrong moves are made.  Management might look down on employees or external people for some reason.
There really is only one major con at Microsoft - the review process. There is so much tied up in a quarterly and annual process that it just slows everything down. It needs to be more lightweight and tied to the results you show, not all the intricate bits and pieces of the process.  The benefits used to be top notch, but they've come down over time. It actually made it easier for me to leave.
Brand on Your Resume: After many years of losing market share and struggling to be at the front end of innovation and the fact that there's 90,000 employees, don't think MSFT is necessarily going to be attractive on your resume to more agile and smaller companies.
no cons at the moment
Too political, too slow paced compared to other companies in the software industry.
I dislike the internal hiring process which is just as laborious as hiring external candidates.
Difficult to commute. Low visibility because of remoteness to head office.
close source this is the point
I had some long hours, but that is part of any job
Work environment can be very hostile. It depends on your team. Rare to find a really good group of people who create a positive work environment. A lot of complacency. If you are an outgoing person who is very engaged and has a lot of good ideas, MS is probably not a good fit.
Growth is slow. You don't see a promotion for atleast 2 years.
Poor Work life balance for senior roles
Too many managers and reorg in too short time. Hierarchical and bloated middle management. Lack of work life balance.
an old company during transition. lots of new things to learn and adjust, including be more agile to the changing market, putting more focus on customer value.
Will not do proper HR investigations. Breaks/meal breaks policies are not adhered to. High employee turnover due to company culture shifts. Not a great work/life balance. Little opportunity for career advancement. For being at the forefront of technology, employee systems (POS, employee machines) are embarrassing. No support from upper management. Supposedly, there is an open door policy. Quick to judge, no positive intent.
Management always keep the employees under pressure for unwanted reasons. Constantly changing environment which makes everyone restless all the time about job security.
career opportunities in retail
Work life balance continues to be an issue however it is something that we bring on ourselves. Pay and benefits have taken a hit over the years, definitely not the highest paying company but if you're a valued employee bonuses and reviews can be nice
becoming too complex organizationally. You need to manage your own career path as your manager or HR do not play an active role in ensuring you are on track.
Politics, pockets of incompetence, and pockets of arrogance. The hyper-competitive environment leads to some dysfunctional behavior, but this is probably not out-of-line with many other large tech companies.
Limited career opportunities, company can be more aggressive.
slow advancement, middle-aged company with not a lot of employee movement in and out of roles lacking competitive industry insight, work-life balance low in the more challenging roles
Like most large corporations, more politics and red tape than would otherwise be desirable... as your career progresses, be ready to play The Game. It's hard to churn bad people out at Microsoft, I've seen unskilled employees stagnate for over 2 years before being let go.
Management just cannot let go of old-school Microsoft traditions despite new leadership. Everything is design by committee, and there is no room for creative approaches to problems. Even "fun" products are mired in process and approvals. Absolutely zero work-life balance. Career-minded people at Microsoft will focus only on themselves and their direct reports, no matter the cost to morale or product quality outside their fiefdom. Painful commute no matter which direction you're coming from. Toxic suburban monoculture.
Little opportunity for exposure to sound software engineering practices.
Bad managers, too much politics.
no career path to follow
extraordinarily bad senior management. the company is currently without direction. layoffs have focused on retaining the "yes" people and letting go the nay-sayers, under the guise of "business reasons."
They are not good at moving resources around the company.
some programs do not make sense at all while some do (which get cut for weird reasons). Some parts of the org are getting PM heavy (hardware to be specific) which is a road block for innovation.
Decision tends to be made top-down. You won't be able to make big impact if you are junior. Your scope will be small.
Has the reputation of being outdated in comparison to other young technical companies.
Can get bureaucratic, you probably need to play politics to do super well.
Can take too long to bring products to development.
Can end up bogged down in process. Large amount of churn due to significant re-org and role changes.
Work life balance not as billed, stress an be high. Shallow org depth at lower levels. Expectations based on resources are poorly managed.
Promotions are rare , very political, not based on real work, if you are invited to the vip club you can have a great ride, if you are not a political animal, you can be stuck at the same level for a long time.
It can be very hit or miss with coworkers and management. I had a great experience this last contract, but have had poor ones in the past, too.
can be slow to get stuff done, constant shifts in business, too much HR overhead for reviews bi-annually.
Initial start was difficult for me. Did not get any benefit for my PhD.
- hard to be more than a face in the crowd or have a real effect on the business - not the most progressive or open-minded leadership - lack of willingness to challenge the status quo, though you can hardly blame them
Not always the right Managers in place
Too big sometimes, tries to be everywhere in the market. Big company brings big overhead in some groups. Even though there are decent transit options to get there, traffic at headquarters can be a nightmare depending on where you choose to live
Sometimes feels so large and complex that it's hard to figure out where you factor in things. Work experience is heavily dependent on your direct management chain. Can sometimes be too process laden, making simple things take longer than they should. You have to manage your own career, there is little help from anyone else, including your own manager, on developing your skills and career.
-Big Company. Manager can make or break you. It is sometimes hard to find a manager that gives you full honest feedback instead of tampering it. -Changes can hit you hard. People can get really affected by the constant reorgs due to new CEO and changes in direction. - New review system is hazy. "It's all about impact", but at the end of the day you have a budget to distribute.
slow, too much process. takes forever to get coordination between teams.
The company has changed over the years. It's become like other companies, it doesn't have the same lure or attraction any longer. Stocks are different, admins no longer receive any. The medical/prescription benefits are different. It used to be really great - 100% coverage for many years and then went to high deductibles. Some don't want opinions or input from administrative levels. Not much guidance from management, depending on the job. Too many meetings to get your job done effectively.
it is not a challenging position. Repeat literally same thing everyday. Nothing to improve, nowhere to promote.
Work/Life balance is only for those in management. As a "worker bee", that term gets thrown around a lot, but can be very difficult to achieve.
The organizational culture in PR is very toxic. If you are excellent in your job, you will suffer (literally) because there are people that won't rest until you're out (or get burned). There's a lot of unnecessary micro-management and if you are not on their 'favorites list', you will get stucked on the same day-to-day tasks (no new projects for you). There's little to no space for creativity or innovation - and when there is, your ideas will be stolen and you won't receive credit for your hard work. People with less experience and academic preparation than you may have more opportunities if they hang out with upper management. Forget about work ethics and professionalism, its all about politics and having the right connections. This company is not for the good ones, you have to be willing to crush people and deceive your colleagues in order to keep going.
No training, work/life balance, paperwork
Annual review process, scorecard driven culture, can be cut throat and very political
Large company, lots of internal policy and processes that can slow down progress
Not always the right Managers in place
tough sales in a competitive field
Summers are full of energy with tonnes of visitors and interns. But once you are past summer, the lab gets really quiet.
Women are rarely promoted to the senior level. Concerns about this to HR are disregarded. Reflected in CEO's comments that women should not ask for raises, but 'trust the system' that they will get the 'raises and promotions they deserve.'  No thank you.
Disclaimer: I work on an older client product, so this may not be applicable to the newer teams/services. Development processes with a lot of overhead/bureaucracy. Engineering infrastructure is not good for some teams (fragile and limited automation infrastructure, very long build times, update delivery cadence of weeks to months).
To me their are know challenging moments. I always know how relate with my co- workers.
Very aggressive, male dominated environment. Easy to hit the glass ceiling as a woman - unconscious bias by male employees and leaders. If you're assertive in meetings, you're seen as aggressive even if the rest of the room is actually being aggressive - women are often in a lose-lose situation in discussions. Lots of politics at sr. leadership levels can create a toxic environment. This wasn't company wide though - it depended in which teams you were in.
Employee retention is high and morale is low especially around bonus time. The organization uses a point system of which an employee, regardless of the hard work, dedication, good customer satisfaction reviews, is put on the chopping block because someone in the group has to be terminated.
If you don't suck up to management, you will get nowhere. They will even prevent you from moving to another team out of spite. I was there for over 7 years and despite all the PR about stack ranking going away, it still exists. In fact, it's even worse now as your direct managers have more impact on your ranking and compensation so, if you don't kiss up to them, you get nothing. In fact, MS has been reducing all the benefits given to employees over the years. There used to be a top-notch benefit package and now you have co-pays and deductibles. They used to give you a hiring bonus and now that is apparently gone. Food in the cafeteria used to be cheap. Now it's more expensive than eating out somewhere else. Free soda was offered in cans. Now we get fountain soda so they can save money. Managements response to Satya's announcement of layoffs intended to reduce management bloat that exists at MS on my team, was to instead fire a bunch of FTEs and replace them with contingent staff because they work for less money, all in an effort to keep their cushy jobs. Management is clueless to how much one contributes to the team. Instead of focusing on their reports, they have meetings every day with each other and rely on reports that are inaccurate and what an engineer puts on their check-in. You can put anything on there and there is no follow-up on the success of the project. So, you have a bunch of people putting meaningless garbage on their reviews for projects that exist for no reason other than to put something on the review. I lost count of the number of projects I got involved in, thinking it was going to help make a difference, only to have it disappear off the face of the earth all of a sudden.
If you don't suck up to management, you will get nowhere. They will even prevent you from moving to another team out of spite. I was there for over 7 years and despite all the PR about stack ranking going away, it still exists. In fact, it's even worse now as your direct managers have more impact on your ranking and compensation so, if you don't kiss up to them, you get nothing. In fact, MS has been reducing all the benefits given to employees over the years. There used to be a top-notch benefit package and now you have co-pays and deductibles. They used to give you a hiring bonus and now that is apparently gone. Food in the cafeteria used to be cheap. Now it's more expensive than eating out somewhere else. Free soda was offered in cans. Now we get fountain soda so they can save money. Managements response to Satya's announcement of layoffs intended to reduce management bloat that exists at MS on my team, was to instead fire a bunch of FTEs and replace them with contingent staff because they work for less money, all in an effort to keep their cushy jobs. Management is clueless to how much one contributes to the team. Instead of focusing on their reports, they have meetings every day with each other and rely on reports that are inaccurate and what an engineer puts on their check-in. You can put anything on there and there is no follow-up on the success of the project. So, you have a bunch of people putting meaningless garbage on their reviews for projects that exist for no reason other than to put something on the review. I lost count of the number of projects I got involved in, thinking it was going to help make a difference, only to have it disappear off the face of the earth all of a sudden.
Constant change is not handled well. Satya's arrival has prompted more innovation and bolder, better moves, but you're still talking about a 100K full-time work force. Any change rolls through at a glacial pace. Some teams are agile, but the majority can't pivot fast enough (and who can blame them?). There are a lot of people who have been there 10+ years and no matter what, that encourages a settling in mentality that isn't really a fit for how the CEO thinks about the company.  Collaboration is still pretty new - so people say they want to because it's the new "in" thing to do, but that doesn't mean they actually know how.  Top level leaders, CEO and directs are mostly great and day to day coworkers are smart and motivated. Middle management is a mess (and abundant) so it's hard to translate the company vision uniformly across teams. If you're stuck in a backward facing, reactive org, you'll be frustrated.  It's still a pretty political place. History, size and constant change will make it really hard to stand out. You need both smarts, savvy and connections and good luck to you if you don't have all three.  You need to be in Redmond to go far. Period.
Sub-par bonus (unless you are at partner level), trench workers do not share in executive bonus, personal agendas (and ambitions) often trump doing what is right for the business, productivity is low in pockets, accountability is low in pockets, true leadership is not rewarded - managers must be highly technical and deliver what should be individual contributor work. High performers are prone to burn out (as they do the work of many slackers).
The attitude that you will meet your deadlines no matter what goes wrong or who is responsible prevails and is exhausting. Demands sometimes feel inhumane - succeeding always feels good, but should not be so costly. One often feels they are not living their life and enjoying their job, only surviving to make the company bigger, better, brighter, stronger, and faster. Remember this - you are not important to them, no matter how you feel or what they tell you - you are not important to them. What you can DO for them is important to them, but YOU are not important to them.
Long hours, non-agile/waterfall development model, large amount of overhead/process to get work done
Some groups at Microsoft will continue to dangle the carrot of rewards and success in front of you as they work you to death.
I join Microsoft as a H1-B holder. I think Microsoft should help me on green card process. But Microsoft use every excuse to delay it and they hint me that I can work in their Canada department for a year. When I decide to leave, the unbelievable thing happened. Microsoft and more than 60 agent company were trying to block me getting a new job!!!
their brand in the industry is so hurt that it almost hurts you to be an ex-microsoft employee which seems crazy, but its true.
Leadership is very hit and miss. Some of the most shallow, reprehensible leaders I have ever encountered work for Microsoft.
Not the most agile company and you will always have people who have been with the company for 15+ years who are resistant to change. May be difficult to feel that you are making an impact at times. Work can be process driven given the size of the company.
Hours, politics, bureaucracy, pay, time off
No real cons other than the leadership team (former) was to engineer focused. Engineers do no go to market well without effective marketers.
Salary hike is very less. Generally 2- 5 percent per year. Bonus is between 0- 20 percent and some stock award which will vest 25 percent per year
The size really takes its toll on people and culture. I don't know how to fix that.
Worse employee performance ranking system.
Management doesn't make decisions in a timely manner. Company to large
Got tired of the politics & infighting.
would like to have more training options.
Bureaucratic, overly doddering, top heavy
Sometimes inter-team politics gets in the way.
No real cons other than the leadership team (former) was to engineer focused. Engineers do no go to market well without effective marketers.
In 3 years I moved between 5 managers. Layoffs were happening, people were quitting left and right. Things did settle down a bit. What I saw was either a manager likes you or he doesn't. Managers don't check on code, its all about perception. I've seen Engineers work their way up with crappy code. The next guy in line has to clean up the mess. Fixing bugs doesn't earn you points at all.  Senior Leadership ruled like dictators. If you break the dev build (not even prod build), you will be shamed, your checkin privileges are revoked. Abusive language is used at times. This meant the blame game is played. Private emails are forwarded around. Project Managers fresh out of schools are hired to boss you around. A dev only writes code was the mantra.  In 3 years, I slowly felt the soul sucked out of me. They pay you well, but to them you are just a dev who will work 60-70 hours. You'd see people working weekends and late nights. It is highly frowned upon to only work 8 hours.
Your mileage may very, hugely, depending on the group you work for. Recent trend towards the bottom-line has meant much tighter penny-pinching. A bad manager can ruin your yearly review or even career with the company. It's very easy to overwork and burn out. Not to say you have to, and many roles discourage this behavior and heavily promote work/life balance.
Forget life balance, you'll wear "golden cuffs". Be ready to change before it's too late.
Management can be a bit hit or miss depending on which team you're on. Make sure you select a good team before signing on the dotted line.
competitive (sometimes to the point of rudeness), so big that rules get in the way on occasion, long lead time to get things done/approved, a lot of stakeholders
Nothing was a con as said before the culture was fantastic and the people were friendly so there were no cons
Frequent re-orgs Confined to Microsoft technology and tools
Lack of generational diversity outside of engineering Sometimes processes and communications feel over engineered A lot of time spent "navigating" internally to change things or get things done
Big Company, you can easily get lost among the crowd
large company, difficult to stand up, politics everywhere, pay less than average
none it was just so
It is a big company with a lot of process which can make work difficult to navigate. Experience can also depend heavily on your direct manager or the management of the team.
If you get a bad manager who is out to screw you, you're basically trapped. Too many managers!
Because there are so many areas, it is sometimes hard to make the switch between groups. You can have a tendency of getting to specialized. Convincing others that you have the skills to make a move is not always easy.  The expectation is that you manage your career. For some people, this is great. For others, not so much.
Can be disorienting if you're not used to working in a big organization. Not as nimble as a small organization. If you want an IPO lottery ticket, it's the wrong place for you.
not the best company any more. frequent reorganizations, for me almost new team leader every year. stressful evaluation twice a year.
Work life balance is hard to differentiate.
Politics and all that goes with it - review politics especially.
Long hours, would love to have more of a flexibility schedule when working during school times. Summer time could be open.
Trying to get apple fans and androids fans on board with Microsoft
Many employees suffering from bad morale and constant complaints about quota, stack ranking and back stabbing. HR is not seen as supportive of employees. Mostly seem to serve a role of protecting the company from lawsuits. A lot of bureaucracy makes it slow moving at times. Employees rest/vest and sit in their same jobs for 10+ years.
work hours, too big to navigate
Awful hours. clock punching. weekend and night. CritSit's all the time. Pay wasn't great, just barely competitive. Hired me for Job A, put me in Job B when i started. THIS IS THEIR HIRING PRACTICE! BEWARE!!!!
Even with a new, revised review model, Microsoft is a terrible place to fail or make a mistake. You get flushed out of the toilet pretty quickly. Managers play favorites on who they hire and promote, and who they don't.
We were already in a precarious situation at the time of the acquisition and I was glad to see Microsoft move fairly quickly to make decisions on the future of all of the Nokia phone businesses. It was assumed and became clear that all they were interested in was the Windows Phone business and announced 3 months after the deal closed that they were shutting down the rest. From that point on, it was clear that our teams were going to be shut down as well, but it took another 9 months for that to happen without a real idea of when it would be.  It would be best to work at a main Microsoft/Nokia site (i.e. Redmond or Finland). Otherwise, like most companies, not going to live for long. However, the sales and consulting roles in different regions are an exception.
Salaries not up to market value and the media side seems to be dying a slow death. While the product are really good, they do not come together as a whole.
can sometimes feel lost and often times you will struggle if not self motivated
The commute can be difficult, the cost of living is getting high in the Seattle area and the housing is getting expensive. Microsoft sometimes feels a bit silo'd in it's approach and could use a more user-based approach to product design.
Its getting very political and difficult to get stuff done. The once sought after culture of large startup changing the world has been lost to large company bureaucracy.
Cultures can be bureaucratic in certain teams.
hard to get a help from different organizations
salary structure not competitive
Not sure where to start.. Bad management, bad attitude, no recognition for great effort
Can be hard to move up if you're in the retail division, corporate is based out of Seattle so if you want to move up you end up having to move there
Massive amounts of internal process work to meet COO's scorecard metrics Field sales organization is driven by fear from COO at top Compensation systems have been broken for 11 of the 12 months of this fiscal year leaving sales teams with very little sense of how they are getting paid or whether it is accurate COO drives "accountability" down to the field sellers however hasn't taken responsibility or accountability for all the compensation system issues -- people see this as a major double standard
* TL,DR: Microsoft is a boring, stodgy place that’s long-term career suicide for a talented, inspired young person. Satya is changing things, but not remotely to the extent the press narrative claims. Join Microsoft if you need a steady, boring job so you can raise a family — or if you don’t have better options.  Don’t come here if you’re genuinely excited about being part of the next wave of technological innovation, or if you care about being at a fun, cool place to work. This ain’t it. *  When you see positive Glassdoor reviews for working at Microsoft, you should ask whether the reviewer has actually worked anywhere else. Microsoft typically hires people right out of college, who don’t yet realize they’re getting a bum workplace experience relative to our industry peers. It’s not a coincidence that almost never will you meet people voluntarily departing a top-tier tech company like Google, Apple or Facebook to work for Microsoft — even though countless MS employees leave daily to these competitors.  Why is that? Microsoft has 4 major flaws for a young person excited about tech.  1. IF YOU ARE YOUNG AND INSPIRED, DOING MICROSOFT LONG-TERM IS CAREER SUICIDE.  Microsoft is a fine place to go for 3 years out of college to learn a new discipline - especially if you didn’t get the GPA to go straight to a top-tier tech company like Google or Uber.  But Microsoft is a terrible place to stay for the long term — unless you really just want to have kids, a suburban house, and just need a day job to pay for all that. Doing a long-term stint at Microsoft destroys your marketability: you will have to fight in every interview to prove that you can survive in the agile, autonomous, resource-constrained, Android/iOS environment that is the real world. Companies will assume the worst of you in every interview. When you’re ready to leave, it gets degrading fast.  Yeah, you ship Windows and Office to a billion people. Big impact opportunity, right? Well, McDonald’s ships about 2 billion hamburgers each year. Wouldn’t a job in McDonalds’ headquarters also be a big impact opportunity? And if your idea of innovation involves years of making incremental tweaks to the Big Mac recipe, or wasting 3 years of your life to bring some executive’s insane vision of a hybrid ice cream & chicken sandwich to market, sure!  And the financial buffer of working at a monopoly means you burn 3-5 years of your working life on a single preventable fiasco like Windows 8 or Vista, during which your Silicon Valley friends just had the time of their life and got filthy rich helping create Uber or Airbnb. Instead, you’ll be working on ridiculous projects that only make sense to Microsoft executives living in a suburban Redmond bubble. You will be the butt of jokes at parties with your college friends when you try to explain what you’re working on (“Wait, so it’s kindof like an iPad, but it has worse hardware specs, no software, it’s buggy as hell… and it’s more expensive than the iPad?”).  2. YOU DON’T GET TO MAKE A DENT IN THE WORLD.  At Microsoft, you really won’t change the world. Not a bit. You will waste months of your life trying to get organizational buy-in to do what would take days or even hours at a Silicon Valley startup.  Microsoft is not a company that goes out and makes things better for customers, just out of employees’ own passion or conviction. There is no love in the Microsoft workplace culture — it really feels like working at a fading monopoly whose primary mission is to figure out how to keep cranking out bucketloads of cash, in a new reality that no longer needs it.  This is what makes Microsoft such a boring and soulless place to work. You’ll find soullessness in the dull, corporate posters in the hallways, the bland workspaces, and the uninspired cafeteria food. And with the cloudy, dark skies making for dark and depressing open-seating workspaces (Microsoft’s last great perk of private offices is being phased out), it can sometimes feel like a real-life re-enactment of Apple’s “1984” commercial.  Microsoft does an amazing job selling interns on the company — amazing parties, food, concerts, free hardware, and lots of executive face-time. If you’re an intern, enjoy every moment of it. But remember that you’ll never get any of that once you work for the company — all you’re getting is a sales demo.  3. MICROSOFT IS A TRADITIONAL, HIERARCHICAL COMPANY  While tech companies are typically egalitarian and flat, Microsoft is traditional and hierarchical. This hierarchical workplace manifests in big ways, and in little ways.  In little ways, it just makes for a lousy work environment. In every e-mail you send, your job title and tenure rank (junior vs. midlevel vs. senior) appears at the bottom, so people can judge your ideas by your rank - just like the military. It means they serve the worst food of any tech company, since executives get personally catered meals and don’t have to eat the dogfood-quality lunches food themselves. And it explains why the shuttle service that takes you around campus is a time-sucking nightmare — executives have special “888” shuttles that actually work.  And in big ways, this means that if you have a great idea, you’re probably not going to get it into a product - unless it’s specifically your job or charter to do so. Microsoft doesn’t want you for your creativity - they want you for your ability to shut up and execute on other people’s (executives’) ideas.  In fairness, there are small improvements like the new annual Hackathon. Yes! For just a few days each year, your original ideas and your creativity are valued! But there are other companies where your ideas and conviction are valued every single day.  4. MICROSOFT DOESN’T CARE ABOUT YOU  Your immediate manager may care about you, but Microsoft as a company doesn’t. Microsoft won’t even do an exit interview when you quit. When you give notice that you’re leaving for a “competitor” (basically, any tech company worth its salt), you literally are escorted out the door. Your health care and paycheck is also terminated that very same day.  HR interview? Nope, you’ll receive a survey that you literally can’t even fill out — because it expires the moment your MS e-mail account shuts down (d’oh!). They literally don’t care why you left.  It sounds brutal, but Microsoft at its core is traditionally an unkind company. Until recently, they even required managers to give bad reviews to roughly 20% of their teams on a forced curve (“stack ranking”). When they ended this management practice, Microsoft’s leadership never even had the humility to acknowledge or admit that this was ever a bad idea or unjustly hurt employees.  Working at Microsoft also means you’re also stuck in Seattle. Competitors like Google let you work as an engineer in almost any exciting city in the world: New York, Munich, London, San Francisco - you name it, they have an office there. At Microsoft, well, you better love Redmond. At least it’s only a 45 minute bus trip during rush hour to Seattle.  While companies like Google lavish new toys and freebies on employees, Microsoft is dirt cheap with employees. The only “free” hardware I got was a junky Surface RT (promised by Ballmer to be ‘free’, but then we had to agree in writing that it was actually the company’s property and would be returned if we left), and a Windows Phone (which was only ‘free’ if we signed up for a nearly $2000 contract at the employee’s sole expense - despite the unambiguous promise Steve Ballmer made at the company meeting of a ‘free’ phone. And true to Microsoft, they never explained or apologized for not actually giving employees what they promised us - as an MS employee, you’re generally expected to just shut up and be grateful for whatever you get.)  Microsoft seeks to be a hardware maker, but offers marginal discounts to employees at best. You can get a better price on the internet for an Xbox or Surface. Whereas Apple gives employees $500 off a new Mac, Microsoft gives you nothing like that. Microsoft-logo’d clothing at the company store costs as much as actual fashionable major-brand merchandise at a major clothing store.  (This isn’t necessarily a problem, as a noteworthy sign of the company’s downward relevance is that almost nobody will ask you to buy MS discounted products anymore, certainly not compared to when I started.)  It just goes on and on.  Overall, Microsoft isn’t horrible - but if you’re a talented young person who wants to make a dent in the universe, don’t come to Microsoft.
* Lack of a healthy work/life balance * Lack of cohesive management within certain departments poses a challenge and stunts individual growth when looking to advance in your career
Performance management system traditionally incented people to prove the value of their individual contribution over the teams and actually delivering important stuff to customers ended up not being #1 priority. Satya is changing that but it's a big ship to turn.
Projects too slow due to lack of single threaded ownership.
Very big company, slow to move, can be bureaucratic
politics, bureaucracy, slow path to promotions
No real complaints right now.
Still has a corporate atmosphere in some ways. Age of employees are higher than startups (con for me). 9-5 is normal. Sometimes too much focus on business structure instead of engineering
process and output is low.
- Management - most managers I've dealt with only manage up and a little sideways and simply don't have the people manager skills or desires to properly take care of their reports. They only listen to their loudest reports. This management "culture" seems to be a result of Microsoft's stock early, quick ascent until 2000. Managers didn't see the need to nurture and build their reports since many Softies retired after 4-5 years. Why bother building people when you knew they were short term anyway? After year 2000 people getting rich at MS dropped significantly but the management culture did not change and appeared oblivious their old idea of being lazy and telling their reports to own their own careers was not healthy for the company nor their reports. Perhaps things are finally changing with the new review structure but unfortunately those managers who thrived in the old system are still the gatekeepers to making the new system work. Good luck. - At least in the groups I was part of, the engineers who get hired are consistently from a narrower and narrower band of personality types which restricts diversity of thought and action. I guess it makes it easier this way to plug and play engineers when the wind changes and a VP or director is replaced and they want to reorg. - Dev and test merging into one. I'm a dev and I always respected and appreciated those in the test groups who had a passion for testing and breaking things. Their passion wasn't necessarily to design and build the software. Now, everyone gets thrown into the same soup and guess what, the former SDETs are usually handed a lot of the test work but now, they won't rank as high as the former SDEs since many DEV managers still value product code output over testing. Many outside companies are happy to grab the disgruntled former SDETs so it's a boon for those companies. Unless this changes, it will be easy to predict, over time, Microsoft software quality will drop. - Work life balance. It's getting worse. I talk with my old friends still at Microsoft and they continue to be more and more warn out with increasing loads being placed on them. Some are dev managers and even though the products they work on, especially cloud, are getting many more users, their teams are not allowed to grow. In fact one friend who has had a number a folks leave over the past few years because of lack of work life balance, has not been allowed to hire new people in to at least backfill those who have left. Yes, the team has to get more efficient but largely by making the rest work harder and harder. Comparing Microsoft's profit/employee ratio to largely advertising companies like Google is a fallacy.
-Layoffs -Unstable environment -Politics rule rewards -CEO and Senior Leadership off track
It's a big company, and quite established. With that comes some inevitable internal politics. You can do well at the company by playing political games, and it's likely that you'll get caught up in these at some point. This is not common, and probably less prevalent than at many other companies, but it can happen. The review system that encouraged this behavior has been changed since I left, so management was aware of this, and was trying to fix it.
This has been improved but still lots kept from the lower level employees and recent reorg changes have left many unknowns which make employees look elsewhere for job security.
Long hours. Politics. Poor review system. Running behind on important stuff like mobile and cloud. Still a lot of duplicate efforts, but getting better under Satya's reign.
After loosing lots of battles in the past decade, the company is trying to reshape its culture but that happens slowly.
large company, inflexible management team
- Work/Life balance - Management Chain sometimes rigid leading to questionable decisions & limiting collaboration - Slow to change because those closest to the issues are not empowered to make decisions. - Review process favors personality contest vs. performance on the job
Product cycle is slow and there are many layers of management.
* while they are improving on it, some teams are still very bureaucratic  * senior leadership can make decisions that seem out of touch from reality  * builds a lot of technology pieces and likes to dogfood it. While this is a great strategy for the company, but as an engineer you get lesser opportunities to work on the latest cool non-MS tech.
As I said, PM jobs with in Microsoft varies team to team, therefore you need to find the right balance in-terms of what is right for you and your passion.
People can be mean sometimes
Not as focused as i would like it to be
really depends on your manager and unfortunately if your entire chain of management 2 levels or more is challenging to work with you are in a tough spot. the company does not have a good process of rooting out who is a good people manager. just because someone is a good individual contributor does not make them a good people manager and the entire teams suffer endlessly from randomization.
Lower level management untrained, most were new to the job with little support
Challenging scope, time, cost constraints - like most companies
Still not a technology innovator
Teams get in each others way often.
Lack of communication and slow grind to get things done and approved.
There does not appear to be much innovation in Silicon Valley.
sometime the do the same job long time, need more challenge and try different and new things
Nothing I can Think of at the moment
middle management is terrible here. and you find the worst kind of bureaucrats who stay in their positions much longer than they should be allowed.
None to say. It's just wonderful working.
Nothing gets done quick, or not at all.
bad senior leadership slow promotion cycles excessive corporate politics bad news will cost your job
The volume of work is almost always overwhelming. While there is a lot of flexibility with respect to time spent in the office, there is little time that I do not feel expected to be connected: nights, weekends, sick leave and vacation time.
can be a bit iffy at sometimes
Nothung I feel great to work
Sometimes, teammates will have negative feelings about the company's future, and that quickly drags down morale
Not as much opportunity for advancement recently A good deal of churn happening Not a great place for older workers
Job movement across teams is still not very streamlined (need to go thru full interview loops for switching the groups within the company - and the interviews are as grilling as they grill outside candidates)
Supervisors and store inexperienced. Part-time staff rarely advance to full time. You are penalized if you have limited availability as student or parent. Poor safety practices. Obligated to complete training modules yet rarely provided time to complete during work hours and prohibited from doing them during off hours.
Microsoft grew over time by maximizing revenue in a single market of channel-driven microcomputer software. Once that market started to dissolve, the company began to implode. Satya came in and tried to re-invent the company to be relevant in a cloud-first, mobile-first world but all of the organization and middle management was optimized to the old model. The infighting and politics kills any move toward innovation.
- Since big company, so politics comes along with it - Not very happy with the yearly performance review system. It can be improved
Tends to be engineering driven but we are working on this As with any large company, process can be tedious
No cons at all.
Reward process Too many meetings NEPA and MEA structure Business in MEA Management
too many layers of management
No real cons, seeing how company responds to various competitive threats to their businesses.
Need to define your own charter and earn credibility.
Not that much of belief among the staff about good future of the company. Promotion is still extremely hard. Its criterias are still unobvious. Chaotic workflows, but as in any company of that size, I believe.
The closer you are to a type-a personality the better you'll do, most likely. Things have gotten a lot better under Satya, but it still helps to stand out.
Politics of some groups makes it difficult to get things done in a timely manner.
Company is under huge transformation. Last year they removed the test teams. Developer are learning how to test. Program management job changed shape and they have no idea what they are doing. Review system changed but, company still have same managers and they still don't know how to work with new system
Company is under huge transformation. Last year they removed the test teams. Developer are learning how to test. Program management job changed shape and they have no idea what they are doing. Review system changed but, company still have same managers and they still don't know how to work with new system
Many roles have a 5% forced attrition rate meaning that every year the bottom 5% must go. This was adopted from GEs management of factory floor assembly workers and does not apply well in the field I work in. Oddly enough middle management and some other teams are not subjected to this but technical resources are and the evaluation is typically done by non technical managers who have no idea who's good and who's bad. The market for skilled experienced engineers is finite and with this policy Microsoft is only making it difficult for them to stay competitive as more talent leaves than comes in. I've seen some pretty pathetic new hires recently simply because less talent is interested and the limited pool of resources has been polluted by this arbitrary and obsolete standard.
I loved working late hours. It was one of my best career choices.
The field sales leaders are missing the boat on technology. They are very good at sales management but are completely out of touch with modern IT environments.
Not a clear go-to-market strategy for some products
As the company has gotten bigger, it can sometimes be very bureaucratic and it can take longer to accomplish things that once were easily done.
limited growth space, political and compensation is not competitive on the market
Poor technical expertise from leads/managers. Their position is still very political. Developers seem to work too much even if they are not doing things right.
It is a big company. You have to know how to work within the system.
High expectations from all levels of management that increase over time. Can eventually cause problems.
Starting to gravitate too far into the dev-centric side and losing sight of the customer experience. Testers are being forced to develop more and spend less time testing. Telemetry is replacing ensuring quality before shipping it out the door.
A lot of the best talent has left. You get a lot of lower-performing people remaining. Easy to coast. Top-down decision making in some orgs. Very slow pace of work compared to competition. In middle of reinventing itself, which causes pain. Poor perks compared to competition.
Stressful, overworked, Egotistical, Sense of entitlement
It is only if we could have a competitive salary.
Size, processes and agility
Getting old and bureaucratic, Change is slow, Not much cool there anymore
You'll have to buy and maintain your own phone(s). The competition is enormous.
culture in transition, lack of vision - MS really struggled in the Ballmer era to have a reason for being other than increasing revenue and DCM. there needs to be a vision to the orgs existence outside of counting money. profit growth is important, but you get there by having a unique pov on how to solve important problems. you can't reverse engineer it.
Salary doesn't quite match what's on the market.
Bureaucratic. Review policy is stifling. Getting to "yes" can be arduous.
The higher you get the more you need to deal with politics. During my first 4 years I had great managers, during the last 2 years I didn't and that deteriorated the experience because I had to deal with micromanagement, that happens with some teams. Sometimes quality is sacrificed.
tied to email. Frustrating to take time off, but feel you have to monitor your email or you are buried in it when you return.
At the end of the day most people are just a disposable asset. Politics and red tape abound.
Destructive internal rating system causing very political interactions. Managers from Director and up are more focused on managing their relationship with their managers than to build effective and efficient teams that work well together. It gets worse with progressively higher roles. A strategy for surviving is to move roles every two years, before bad things catch up with you.
There are still fief dorms and when you get to Level 64 or above its more about politics first and less about delivery or innovation. Plenty of L64+ are struggling with the transition to the "Cloud" and are making protectionist decisions not in the long term interest of the company.
Flexibility to change strategies quickly
cool working environment .awesome r n d
More that a 40hr week commitment. So much internal movement results in you having a lot of managers. This can sometimes feel unstable.
Being at Microsoft for almost ten years and around several regions and teams, New York Metro sales is probably the most toxic of all U.S. teams from which you should avoid. The bullying culture is still very much alive, and unless you can also be a jerk, you won't survive here.  In general, people lack passion for what they do, though they have passion for their own personal lives, which is covered up by the compensation. If you have Microsoft on your resume for too long, it might actually hurt you, because you're too bought into the ecosystem and less desirable for other companies, especially startups.  Good employees are often let go or allowed to walk away, while bad managers are protected by their managers and HR.
No training, internal competition, overwhelming bureaucracy.
High level of energy required to work at Microsoft
Internal IT is slow to develop.
- Difficult to ramp up in beginning - tons of different services, endless internal acronyms and code names, not much documentation (or it no one remembered where the documentation is, or it hadn't been updated in 5 years). A lot people had been there years, so they didn't understand what it's like to be new. - Some managers (unfortunately mine) clearly got to their positions because of their ability to play politics rather than technical skill or leadership ability (or intelligence), and the engineers under suffer because of it. - A lot of process and overhead that doesn't always make much sense and slow things down. - Dependent on internal tools and infrastructure that can be unreliable and difficult to find documentation on.
Promotion can be hard in some groups, and it heavily depends on the personal relationship with immediate manager.
Sometime long hours but never when unduly needed and always rewarded. It is a large company so sometimes politics feels more at play than one would like. Within this large company though, are many individuals good and bad, just as in life, that make it either easier or a challenge. It's a personal choice how to handle them.
Leadership had problems figuring how our studio fit the new reorganization
Things tend to move extremely slow at times.
- Too Political - Work Life Balance - Staffing Management Teams lack focus on developing employees - Review Model: zero visibility into performance status and bonus distribution. Provides environment for favoritism vs rewarding work
With the latest reorganizations the company is not focus enough and employees worry about their jobs. Bad Managers
Management style in sales lacks leadership and innovation at the mid levels
none none none none none
Overly political at times High variance in agility in different groups
Company culture is not the same team to team.
It is true what they say -- if you are on the right team, it's incredible, if you are on a bad team, it's incredibly painful.
far too many yes men who control through fear and/or threats. Many managers are vindictive and short-sighted.
Arrogant coworkers, job opportunities can be limited based on locations
Long hours / Top Driven metric
It's a big company. Like most big companies, it's easy to get lost in the shuffle and there are a lot of people that are more interested in the politics than in doing great work.
Far too many PM's, too many re-orgs
Politics and solidified networks rules the company and overrides everything else. Perception is the name of the game and results in innovative "projects" by middle management (Director, Sr. Director, GM and VP). One of the most risk adverse companies I have seen and it is getting worse, partly because the mindset, direction and decisiveness still is lacking.
none really that I can think of
Too large sometimes to see opportunity.
Too competitive sometimes. It could be better.
Reorganizations were frequent and disruptive. The administrative overhead could be considered over the top in some situations. Functional managers may not communicate very well, leaving you stuck in the middle to pick priorities and hope you made the right choice.
Duplicative functions that didn't make sense made making impact much harder. Needs better sense of urgency across the employee ranks. Scrappiness is rare.
management chain is long, not open
A lot of random tasks cross my desk
not really in control of your calendar
Typical boys club decides how you grow
New management is trying to achieve a startup like atmosphere, which means no work/life balance. Working evenings and weekends is standard.
Work life balance is not good in some places but it really depends on your role Performance review system basically encourage competition inside the team
Technology was forced into without much attention to the user experience. But that has changed considerable over the years.
- Traditionally slow to market innovations - Work/Life balance trends to the out of balance - Intra-company collaboration is near non-existent - Too much tribal knowledge - Ever-changing business objectives
Though the company is doing a lot to make it more competitive in cloud and mobile spaces, and feel more like a startup with hackathons and social competitions it is still a big company and it can still take a long time to figure out who is the correct contact to help you get something done or a port opened in a firewall. Also the culture of "dogfooding" means that everybody pretty much always wants to use only Microsoft products and services which makes sense but there is just so much good open source software out there. They are working on becoming more open source friendly but aren't quite there yet.
There is no cons here
Bureaucracy Micro-Management High Sales Goals Constant stress to achieve outlandish goals No appreciation for effort
The benefits are not what they used to be!
Microsoft is too big. it is extremely slow to make a turn. It has all the legacy of the enterprise software, when build something new, the thinking is always that to reuse the old stuff and they have to think about the backward compatibility.
Slow train moving but once it moves it moves
Can sometimes feel lost in a large company
Leadership sometimes can lead in a bad direction
Microsoft has a large company feel. There are a lot of inefficient processes.
When I left, and I have heard it is changing, Microsoft had become very bureaucratic. Unfortunately, trying to get hings done required the synchronization of many groups and there was often no incentive for alignment. even if management was aligned, the front line troops often weren't, which meant things would not get done. And being a large organization, blame was rarely applied.  Also, the evaluation system, which has also been changed and should be investigated, was one that created individual rewards at team expense. Provided that that has been changed, this may not longer be an issue.  Regardless, try to find a group that is as autonomous as possible and a boss that has a reputation for fighting for his employees, as that will always be key in a large organization.
No complaints. Overall great experience.
Large corporation which means red tape like you wouldn't imagine. No life work balance and movement within the company is a bit stifled unless you know someone.
over worked, under paid, benefits keep getting reduced
Management would promote PMs rather than engineers. Focus is on PM culture. In hardware builds you would have 3 to 4.times more PMs than engineers
Bureaucracy, too much politics, slow to change
None I can think of.
- Too frequent org changes(every 4 months)
The old review model may be gone, but the "throw each other to the sharks" mindset that underlies it is most assuredly still going strong. Expect politics to be the rule, not the exception, and merit or workable solutions to fall by the wayside in favor of empire building and protectionism. There's a very real "you either drink the kool-aid" or you aren't one of us feeling, that goes down to small things (like choosing to use an iPhone meaning you're "disloyal" to the company). Criticism of poorly thought out policies or poor long term strategy is strongly discouraged - god help you if you're the one to ask why the emperor has no clothes.
Salary is low Busy, overwhelmed Future is not clear
Innovation, Management issues, Pay and hype
would like to see larger West Side presence.
Still a little too much process and some layers of management that aren't too inspiring. The move towards a more growth hacker mindset is encouraging however.
hard work and harsh review to move forward.
Human resources just released guidance to managers about the upcoming review model and the stank ranking will be done on the back end of the rewards part of the model. Up to 8% of employees company wide will not get a raise, stock or bonus. Even top teams will be forced to make the decision to punish someone. I can't recommend this place to work.
it takes time to develop the career. it is competitive, there are many others with better skills than yours. also, this position doesn't come with immediate respect. you still have to earn it and find ways to provide value to your team. you can also easily end up in an org needing to transition every 3-6 months, which takes time from your normal tasks.
a lot of tired, disillusioned sales people who expect a customer to cut a PO after they send a powerpoint deck and pricelist. Avoid these as both a customer and as internal sales.
Little people management opportunities, internal promotion system
sometimes the work could get quite routine
- Too many layers of management
Some really good managers, some really poor managers. Politics is more important than job for few managers.
(HW business units) Lots of politics and bureaucracy. Lots of BSs all over the place. Very conservative and very defensive engineering organizations and teams. Disgusting working environment and culture. If you are a good HW engineer, this is not a your place never.
Not as nimble as it used to be. Very stable like IBM
In list form. - Management does not know how to handle or reward innovators or tinkerers. If you're the type who asks "why" often, you'll eventually become unhappy because you do work for shareholders and they do set the direction. - Asking why will actually get you into a lot of trouble in some cases because you'll be looked at as a risk. - The current "culture change" is not moving fast enough (if at all). The CEO and low level management are very out of sync. - Because of the culture change, many new problems are coming to light... (what do you do when you find something more pressing than your day job? Do what's right for your customers, or do what you're told? The former should be rewarded even when it contradicts the latter) - Many of the hackathon winners feel like they weren't rewarded or appreciated from their efforts at OneWeek. Some teams felt like their efforts were absorbed, taken, or dropped (to be fair to Microsoft, it was a work event and I sort of feel they shouldn't be that upset over this. To be fair to those people, the did bring a bunch of new innovation to Microsoft and were not actually rewarded in many cases) - The recent focus on hiring diverse talent is being spearheaded by lower level management who are actively trying to manage diverse talent out. (I'm specifically referring to a group of people but I'm not going to say which group. I will say it has nothing to do with race, sex, gender, or similar.) - The current review system is heavily based on your relationship with your manager and your value to your manager, not your impact. (there's a slider...)  *this will not be the same for every team.... Sadly, this is the case for the team I'm on *
Ever see the movie Horrible Bosses? Management is inept and the environment is toxic to partnerships among employees
Growth depends on the job we assigned.
Less exciting I suppose than what's going on in the valley.
Redmond centric, arrogance, not customer focused
-Not much executive vision, a lot of top down decision making -Reward structure / promotions highly correlated to how much your boss likes you the visibility you get on your projects (vs. actual customer value you deliver) -Slow career growth trajectory
Politics are out of control...mid-level managers often more concerned about CYA than the business outcomes Much of the business is under siege
Working environment varies from area to area. Be sure to ask a lot of questions to the hiring manager about management style and expectations about the job role.
They need to learn how to build quality products.
time based promotion - not really based on merit - 10 years to get to Group level at least and then you are competing agaisnt very smart people at Bing I found that I prefer it when people are in the office but there is a tendency in Silicon Valley for people not to be at work on Mondays and Fridays
Many teams working at Microsoft are in direct competition with one another. Instead of working together toward a common goal each team treats each other as an enemy. So sharing information is a painful process. This mentality has bled into the old Microsoft personnel and working with them is not pleasant. You'll have to constantly watch your back as they'll throw you under the bus without a second thought. This sometimes will be your own teammates! Growth is good at the start but Sr. Management is a wall. Lots of 10+ year Microsoft people clogging up the ranks making it difficult to move up past a certain point. No respect for non-Microsoft ideas (I came from Nokia and watched as they systematically destroyed profitable, revenue generating teams in favor of internal money losers) Don't rock the boat mentality (So getting new ideas off the ground is incredibly difficult)
I spent a lot of years at Microsoft. The exact number of years is irrelevant, but looking back, I deeply regret how many years I have lost to really not doing anything substantial (i.e, changing the world). I will try to provide some insights to help you decide.  You wont ship a thing in years : I have been in teams which have not shipped anything externally for years. Most of the work is lost either because the product is shelved or because the sponsor of the project vanished (everyone in Microsoft knows when to jump off a sinking boat really well).  New leadership : The new CEO is doing a lot of good things. But things continue to be the same internally. Most changes that are pushed down remain in the news for a few weeks and are then conveniently forgotten. They are done because the CEO wants it to be done that way. No one really believes in it, but since they have to protect their jobs, they will pretend to adhere. They just do it because they were asked to.  No of engineers Vs work available : With about 60,000 people in R&D and limited product lines (Windows, Bing, Office, Xbox, SQL, Azure to name a few), honestly there are more engineers than the work available in the company. Most teams re-invent the wheel by doing the same projects across different orgs. This is what I did and saw many other teams do in my long tenure with the company. We used to do exactly the same work that was already done by some other team often knowing that it was already attempted. And to make it worse, we would leave the work half baked so that some other team would again do the same thing in the future.  Complacency : No one questions anything because they just want to get their paycheck and continue happily.  No worthy competitors in the neighborhood : There is absolutely no other big company in and around Redmond which could absorb Microsoft employees and also pay the same salaries. This creates a terrible situation. Employees don't want to move out of Microsoft as they cannot find a job that pays as much. Honestly, many employees are also afraid they will not be able cope up with the high demands of jobs at other companies. That's the bitter truth, whether anyone confesses it or not.  No goodwill for other development centers : I will keep this short. There is not much goodwill in HQ, Redmond for other, possibly more efficient, global development centers. My managers and their bosses would do everything possible to malign the efforts of other development centers and create as many obstacles as possible to make their work look bad.  Dev/Test/Combined Engineering - The Dev/Test orgs continue to be the pillars of the company, but with the latest combined engineering model things have started to deteriorate. As an example, look at reviews of the Office products which calls them half-baked . Quality is non-existent at Microsoft nowadays.  Performance appraisals - Earlier there was a rating system which was a good thing because you knew your trajectory. If you got good ratings over a few cycles, it would create a good pressure to get you promoted. The rating system was eliminated a year ago and now there is no indication of when your next promo might happen or how is the employee trending. It is just a continuum and you can stay in that limbo state as long as you wish to.  Poor end user products - To top it all, the company makes poor products. I know you are thinking why did I spend so much time in the company when I think so poorly about their products? To be honest, I tried my best to improve them when I was around. But I could barely make a dent. Compared to other companies, it is difficult to rely on Microsoft products say in a life and death situation (for ex, with your smartphone).  Already many teams are loosing revenue to other software companies that are selling free software. This has lead to massive layoffs. It wont be long before the remaining customers move to these new platforms, please note that these customers purchased Microsoft products mostly because they did not have a choice at that time. Now they do.
Poor Management, Poor Innovation, Micromanagement
Lots of micromanagement and politics
Culture can be somewhat rigid compared to other tech companies and varies greatly between teams, not much company investment into employee groups and activities, almost no company sponsored morale-type events.
Management is relatively traditional and does not encourage so much the new means
stress that can sometime occur
-I came from Nokia in the acquisition by Microsoft, so my experience is somewhat unusual. It was difficult for us in the transition to become a part of Microsoft, but I do believe over time that it has gotten better. -Microsoft has people work very intently on what their specific job entails. There is not a lot of room to go outside of your silo.
I do not recall much from what I recall it was all positive except for some managers who where too career oriented and had limited management or people skills
Difficult interview process is probably the biggest problem I can think of. There isn't too much else to complain about.
Evaluation process is unfair. You will move from “high performer” to “low performer” for a trivial reason.
Lack of passion, conservative (slow growth)
no much career growth unless you are willing to relocate.
Lately the MSIT department is trying to make the evolution to DevOps but I think that they don't even know what DevOps is and had us SE's in a stressful situation. MSIT also grew out of control and that resulted in layoffs lately (me included) that had no sense in the criteria used to layoff people.
Sometimes a bit too stressful.
- Corporate culture promotes alpha-type behavior - Lack of collaboration between departments and groups - Lack of company self-awareness and understanding of market position
Microsoft bought Nokia mobile devices, creating reorganization and Lay offs.
Review system means that it's easy for top performers to be overlooked.  If your management chain has weak kung-fu, you won't get promoted. On the contrary, you'll get annual reviews that consistently reinforce the message: you are average, keep up the good work!  Eventually good engineers capitulate, take on reports, and become bad managers -- as this is a much quicker way up the ladder. And the cycle continues...
Design by committee. Slow to respond. Apathetic leaders. Limited by own team. Review process sucks. Demand tons of hours.
Things can move too slowly
Although the salary is competitive, the salary could be better given the location of the company in a very expensive city.
Like most companies, particularly large ones like Microsoft, there's some passive-aggressive behaviors that are not healthy, and difficult to manage.
Suburban location, sometimes stifling bureaucracy
Slow, very slow. Very political no matter how they change the review system. You need to play the game to get ahead
Sometimes it can be tough to competition for reviews and performance bonus. Work hard and it shouldn't be a problem.
Sometimes the size and distances can make progress slow. There could be multiple groups working on the same problem.
The overall package at Microsoft is becoming less and less competitive each year.
Culture depends on group you work in...
-large and rigid corporate structure can make it difficult to enact change and think flexibly and creatively -incentive structure sometimes not aligned with actually doing a good job
A lot of managers are poorly trained - they want things done exactly their way and their way only, and there is little room of initiative or - good forbid - improvements.
* Internal politics and bureaucracy causes huge friction -- very hard to ship new stuff * Microsoft has lost their commanding position as center of computing universe -- now they are scrambling to turn things around * Middle management spends all of its time justifying its existence -- not results-oriented any more * Developers often fiddle around while Rome burns * Lay-offs are starting to affect the company negatively
No Career Advancement, Retail Hours, Little Support, Holiday Hours, Lack of HR Connection
Heavy work schedule. Very demanding. They can dump you any time.
Work life balance Politics Bureaucracy
Can not think of any
The compensation system has skewed everything to follow the one year review cycle, this has led to negative consequences for the company culture and the quality of the products it produces.
Slow moving at times meritocracy - very Alfa env. Slow growth from IC to people management.
With the recent change in leadership, many re-organizations have occurred and this has left many (who remain after sever layoffs) ready to work hard to meet goals, but the objectives have been changing as the company as a whole shifts course. I am sure this is temporary and I am certain that decisions and goals will be set soon.
There is a "Boys Club" culture present (certain employees are hired on by "who they know" and not by their skillset). There has been a lack of planning in projects in the attempt to make a splash in the culture. This has backfired in many cases and has led to department layoffs and legal issues. Upon leaving, the turnover rate for my former department was 40% due to morality and ethics issues. Only one employee that I know of was actually let go. These employees, as well as myself, left even though the compensation was well above the market rate.
The company is very big and slow, hard to change
Always on. expectation for 24\7 engagement
Boring work/tasks. Goals should be clear rather than vague
The only cons I can think of and on which the company is improving is not being monolithic
Microsoft was once the Mecca for Software Engineers. While it's now still prestigious, start-ups and other big companies (FB, Google, Amazon) are held in higher esteem. The company is still trying to become more agile in nature. They've done this by laying off staff, and converting all SDETs into Software Engineers. Due to the conversions, some organization are still figuring out what to do as they now have people with decades of experience testing code who are expected to now compete with other Devs who have decades of experience writing code. Teams which run web services are slowly starting to release at quicker intervals, but it's still a work in progress.  The culture is different in each org, so be careful of which teams you choose. Middle management is still embroiled in politics. Reorgs are also fairly common, so do not get to attached to one manager.  You will definitely be the a small cog in a massive machine if you join Microsoft. You will not have much power to affect the company. So if you're looking for high impact work where you can be agile and heavily dictate the future of the product, then this may not be the company for you.
Not lean as compared to its competitors
Highly political - difficult to 'fit in' if you have a hard time in these types of environments Many cases of paralysis of analysis impacting final quality of deliverables Attempts to connect with the employee often fall flat due to trying to formalize all employee moral boosting into programs
Highly competing environment, performance review standards are too high bar to meet. Stock value never goes too high or too low. Stocks are basically a joke.
- change happens so frequently in teams that lots of effort gets lost in the shuffle - your manager has a greater impact on your happiness and career path than s/he should
dramatic increase in control processes, lack of agility
challenge to have agility To big, but all decision base in US
Lots of politics lingers from old-Microsoft culture.
Difficult to move into different areas, may get stuck with a weak manager - there are a number of managers who are not good with people
Treated as a second-class citizen as contractor, gender biases, overloaded corporate reporting that keeps people from getting actual work done
too much competition, work life imbalance, if not in right project then hard to grow in the company
The review system creates a 'destroy or be destroyed' mentality. Kevin Turner has created an environment of mistrust.
Good management is not a priority. Mid managers are untrained and often unskilled at people management. A bad manager can make life miserable and hurts team cohesion and effectiveness. It can be a highly competitive environment, especially in times of lay offs (like now 18,000 and counting).
Review system, dated processes, slow to react to industry trends
A company of this size, streamlining processes is a challenge and remains a challenge.
Legacy organization model, more of a top-down approach. Benefits not as good as they used to be.
Too much politics. The review system is keeping people work against each other.
The culture of competitiveness with peers and coworkers. There are precious few rock star people managers at Microsoft. Get a manager who decides they don't like you and your professional life at Microsoft becomes miserable.
If you are not tapped early as one of the anointed ones and put on the fast track to executive leadership, you won't have much career growth at this company. Jumping from one division to another can be difficult. Microsoft is heavily matrixed and it's processes and bureaucracy stifle innovation and the ability to react quick twitch to business opportunity.
middle management, slow to make changes
Office politics can slow down your career
A lot of mundane work that you need to get out of the way before you have time to look at the big picture and strategize your work. These include a lot of process overhead, there are probably good reasons for them, but they take away time otherwise could be spent on innovation and collaboration. Advice: be really quick with the mundane stuff and spend as much energy as possible on the strategy and prioritization. Everything is kept in SharePoint, and by default permission is denied, so a lot of wasted time finding the right documents and more wasted time tracking down document owners and asking for access. Despite the attempt to turn around the "hero" culture and despite the push for more collaboration, the word collaboration at Microsoft means something different from what I understand it means coming from Silicon Valley. The "hero" culture is in the way. People aren't willing to let go of ideas that they can take credits from even though it's not the best idea. Despite the nominally new performance review system, the old spirit of stack-ranking remains, managers simply change names of what they call the different tiers of performers. The function of how well the company perceives your performance is in large part how much your manager is willing to fight for you and how much political capital she/he has in the calibration meeting. The only true way to transform this culture is to stop the individual bonus and to give bonus at the team level. The number one priority is revenue, not the users, which encourages short-termism and stifles innovation -- or maybe I was on a wrong team.
A lot of mundane work that you need to get out of the way before you have time to look at the big picture and strategize your work. These include a lot of process overhead, there are probably good reasons for them, but they take away time otherwise could be spent on innovation and collaboration. Advice: be really quick with the mundane stuff and spend as much energy as possible on the strategy and prioritization. Everything is kept in SharePoint, and by default permission is denied, so a lot of wasted time finding the right documents and more wasted time tracking down document owners and asking for access. Despite the attempt to turn around the "hero" culture and despite the push for more collaboration, the word collaboration at Microsoft means something different from what I understand it means coming from Silicon Valley. The "hero" culture is in the way. People aren't willing to let go of ideas that they can take credits from even though it's not the best idea. Despite the nominally new performance review system, the old spirit of stack-ranking remains, managers simply change names of what they call the different tiers of performers. The function of how well the company perceives your performance is in large part how much your manager is willing to fight for you and how much political capital she/he has in the calibration meeting. The only true way to transform this culture is to stop the individual bonus and to give bonus at the team level. The number one priority is revenue, not the users, which encourages short-termism and stifles innovation -- or maybe I was on a wrong team.
There are also not-so-smart people that will ruin the company. The code quality is getting from bad to worse, people just don't care about code quality anymore.
Politics,bad managers,review system.Bad project planning.
Too many people are doing the same thing. New projects pop up all the time so that someone can get a win for their review. Many of these new projects are pointless or a repetition of other projects. Very little is really new or exciting.
Culture is still in transitioning
career growth is very limited
Politics is a large part of your work, sometime you are too far from the business and your customers
Too much politics, fighting between org, peek out @ senior levels
IMO, i dont have any cons
no worklife balance.insurance is bad
Mostly arrogant people, little respect around
Nothing that I can think of at the moment
A lot of bureaucracy in management Competing between teams for projects Long deployment cycles
Most of team members are all old and senior. Don't have much fun at office.
If you're over 40, watch your back. Working hard, exceeding expectations doesn't mean you won't lose your job. Morale has declined a lot over the years. I worked there close to 13 years, then laid off with a two-day notice. No opportunity to look elsewhere within the company. They lose a lot of good talent to their competitors. Lots of intellectual capital goes out the door instead of trying to find another role within the company.
Its very charming to join Microsoft but the consulting practice, specially the public sector services practice is not the best place to join, at least based on my own personal experience. If you are looking to work for Microsoft and want to grow your career, try to join the other business and product groups.  Consultants are expected to work on multiple projects to meet sometimes difficult utilization goals and held accountable even if their main job is to deliver and not sell. You will be expected to travel 100%. Instead of complementing the great products Microsoft makes, there is too much focus on quantity then quality which is doing nothing but hurting the Microsoft brand.  You will not be rewarded for your extra contributions and keeping customers happy, and helping grow the business even if you miss on a single negligible operational/administration commitment. Microsoft has done away with the stack ranking model but unfortunately some leadership in the consulting practice is still using this model.
- Not that I can think of - Great with new CEO moving fast and work in a small team
- Sometime bureaucracy can become overwhelming - Middle management might suck sometimes but this is becoming better as the middle management overhead is being eliminated slowly
Lousy front line management. Company is filled with empty headed managers that kiss up and kick down. Rating system is patronage wrapped supposedly objective process.
Deep management hierarchy can be frustrating. Even your skip-level may not know what is ahead in the next month. Low turnover rate and job cushiness means a surprising amount of mediocre senior devs who don't seem to care as much as they should. Size of company can make it hard to feel significant.
People would spend 6 hours at work on many days, and in that time, not necessarily get work done. Additionally, in some cases, projects that were doomed to fail or not well thought-out were assigned. Some employees could have put their talents to use in better ways.
Too many middle management, review system is a popularity contest, enough bad leadership around to spoil the culture.
It is retail so the hours can be long and often expected to work late and overnight during holidays and promotional events and product launches.
too many team within the org, can be difficult to get things done
Not as nimble compared to other companies. Still has "me" vs "us" culture yet have seen strides to change that.
nothing want to say, he he
The company has a lot of opportunity to improve and grow in the market, but I fear it will be hindered due to having the same old leaders at the top. Keeping the same execs, but giving them new roles won't give us better or different results.
1. The Windows technology is not used by the world. And it's going downward, so your experience at Microsoft will no longer help you when you find new jobs outside. Because everybody else are using something different. 2. The Benefit is going down. The medicals increased deductible, like 3K for two people family. 3.75K for family with 1 kid. 3. bureaucracy and politics. Now revolution is going on, like agile(ship monthly), flatten structural, merged engineering. But the many level of leads and managers are not going away. After a while, they fall back to their previous role. The lead now doesn't own head count, but they are doing exactly the same thing as before. That's pushing others. 4. The famous Stack ranking system. It is being revolutionized, but it's still there. And now Microsoft have a lot of crazy policies like: if you didn't get good review last year, you can't move within Microsoft, you have to leave for other company. If you leave Microsoft as FTE, you can't work for it until 6 months later even as vendor. My friend was just forced out of MS, now they don't fire you, they ask you to voluntarily resign from MS, with very small amount of money no matter how many years you have served here. MS is becoming more and more mean, and less sympathy here.
A bit slow and bureaucratic. Slow upward mobility.
Complex environment can be difficult to navigate
Due to the size of the company all divisions are different. Infact coding/engineering practices, tools, computer languages used differ from team to team. Collaborating between teams is now being encouraged but could be better. If a project goes hot or red then work life balance could go for a toss otherwise for me it is acceptable.
None that I can think of
No free food. I have not start to work yet
Sometimes not very efficient as a big company
Strange people to work with
long hours/ no time with family
Lots of ambiguity during these times of change
Still too top heavy and matrixed, needs great patience and political adeptness to succeed
- Benefits used to be even better - Very large company so you can feel like you're not having much impact at times - Still moves somewhat slow compared to smaller, leaner companies - Changing teams is almost as much effort as changing companies
Nothing has changed from the Ballmer days ( Have had two stints , one under each ). All the old practices that made this place horrible still very much exist but with a new name and nomenclature ( annual review vs connect ) . People in the management roles have no clue as to how to compete in the new SaaS world and instead look for opportunities to blame rank and file for their inefficiencies . Examples include not being able to hire sales folks even into Q4 of the year and still blame folks for not making number . Make partnerships with your competitors (aka SFDC) and expect you to sell against them taking away your only perceived advantage in terms of product integrations . Cheapness in price is the only thing left as a strategy . Some of the offers are as ridiculous as $1/usr/month of CRM license against SFDC $65 and that intimidates customers because you only give away a "cheap" product that cheap . No pun intended !
Got big so lots of overhead and bureaucracy.
Too much internal bottleneck and politics
While Microsoft was a growing enterprise, the work/life balance was tilted toward the work end of the equation. However, it started to become clear that employee burnout is not a good strategy, and Microsoft started putting a higher emphasis on work/life balance.
non-existent on boarding, high medical deductible, no work/life balance
As with any large corporation, there are challenges. The single most hated thing was stack-ranking, which finally fell by the wayside as I was leaving. Other challenges - sometimes the teams are far to big and far to distributed for 'management' to keep up. Details get lost in the mix due to a lack of close supervision.
Annual reviews typically result in staff reduction and project graveyards.
Really poor people managers, extreme arrogance by many (and for no reason)
Challenges working at Microsoft which is a massive corporation is cross teams or divisions. Near impossible. If your role and success is dependent on other organizations it is a steep uphill battle. The review/reward system has changed in the last couple of years to be less about what you can do alone and how did you make others successful around you which is a great step forward. That being said, the culture is deep and this change will take a while.
It is hard to find anything bad about my internship
The hours and demands of the job can be taxing on your personal life. I found myself working many late nights.
Like any company, some groups are subpar. Steer clear of MSIT for example. Other groups can be hyper competitive. Principal and higher level jobs require you to spend a lot of time greasing the wheels of a wide group of people because your job and promotion will be decided by that group, not just your manager.
colleagues competitive with each other for share of bonus, junior resources in senior management roles
Travel time, hoops to jump through
trying to be more flexible
Competitive, especially with peers, due to a highly charged review system that pits you against your coworkers to try and squeeze out the next promotion or bonus.
With Balmer, everything was about Windows so, all "new areas of opportunity" used to not survive much - meaning if you were in one of these groups, you would be in a black list when, few quarters later, they decided to quit the unit.
Toxic culture. Significant infighting. Microsoft prizes tenure (which is generally good) but in MSFT case long term employees focus on preserving turf to allow them to "Rest and Vest" at the expense of new ideas, high performance and innovation
No room for promotion unless you move out of state
work hours can be challenging and the climate isnt the best
Sometimes you would be feel you are not getting the free hand to be your self and work like you may want.
Here are the trade offs to the impactful work, fair pay, benefits, and opportunity for personal growth. Culture, one of the most challenging aspects of working at Microsoft is navigating the diverse work groups to get daily duties done. 75% of the job is focused internally verses the customer. Their are a lot of smart people who think their way is the only way to crack a nut at times. It can be difficult to deal with.  They have changed the review process in the recent future with the goal of connecting with your manager 4 times during the fiscal year. These are called connect meetings. You are asked to request feedback from peers across your organization. This is where the challenge lies when working at Microsoft. If you have a strong manager and great team your career at Microsoft will go will.
- Big company problems--tough to quickly iterate on ideas and serve customers - A lot of managers just are along for the ride...complete risk aversion. - Not really a fun place to work. It used to be...somewhat. Sinofsky really started to clamp down on the budget in Win8, and it got smaller and smaller each year. The new leadership has only continued this...there are rarely any moral events. When they do have them, they're lame and maybe have some nibbles the admin bought at costco. It feels like my Mom is putting on these moral events sometimes
Quite bureaucratic and still very much so transitioning to be a agile and modern software company. At times still hold onto old methodologies and practices as well as sticking to old technologies.
I cannot think of anything.
Very meeting driven culture, often times the politics can outweigh the ability to actually do constructive work, caught in the abyss sometimes between trying to establish (regain) a tech innovation culture and the inertia that comes with an org of the size and complexity it is.
Still lacking collaborative environment: Seen the cartoon of the Microsoft organization chart with guns at itself? Yes, it is true. In the recent years, the company has somewhat finally coming into terms with the problem and is trying to shift to a more collaborative environment. Unfortunately, the successful veterans, many of who are managers of other people or owners of product areas, are failing/do not want to adopt. Normal human behavior, they try but it is unnatural and revert to the old comfortable (unhelpful) ways, that gave them control and success in the past. Several of them moved to other companies (e.g. Google) and are known to continue on the bad patterns. The problem is becoming lesser in Microsoft, but still pretty significant. This is not an issue with new hires without past experience, new hires do bring a more open/positive energy.  Little life-balance: This is something that has consistently been insane and has consistently been the lowest bucket of priorities. It is an unspoken consequence that people who practice life-balance will not advance, or advance extremely slowly. The problem is that if you are given a task and take the time to do it, you will be blocking other people who have less life-balance, and so managers rather give you a less impactful task. Bottom line, a less impactful result means a lower review score. If you want to advance and/or keep your job, do not count on life-balance, specially if your manager is from the old culture. As many people over the years have attested, this is often not worth it, missed the time to live with your kids as they grow up, divorces, etc.  Weak individual contributor roles: The company is now more catered to advancing manager roles. However to become one is very difficult and political. Individual contributors are now treated more-or-less as well-paid laborers. Opportunities for innovation are very scarce and very tightly controlled, there are instead huge loads of fairly dull tasks that needs labor. Most of the time an IC will be on these tasks and will no way get an award for them. However, a manager having several ICs completing all these tasks will definitely get rewarded. People have observed again and again how some managers are rewarded almost consequence-free, regardless of the product outcome, attrition level, or less-than-honest influencing.  Very bad leadership coordination: Managers do not coordinate with each other very well, even with their own peers. Often you will find separate teams with overlapping efforts, one manager is trying to out-do the other, instead of trying to align something greater together. This was more pervasive in the past, lesser of a problem now, but still there (old culture). This is a common source of frustration among ICs in trying to figure out what to work/not work.
none, you own your result.
None, none, none, none, none
-Long hours driven by some unfortunate inefficiencies left over from previous teams -Sometimes too much focus on strategy
too crowd in traffice and others like
Not a place to build a career. 80% Mid upper management riding the waves to retirement and won't bother with new ideas or approaches that require their active involvement.
Forced ranking rewards bottom dwelling suckers who float upwards.
Nepotism is a common pratice. Many of the job opportunities are posted publicly even though they already have someone secure for the position.
Not a lot of room for growth, really bad engineering tools, Windows
too much overlapping at middle-management
multiple reorgs in 2014 and 2015. There is already talk about a new set of layoffs and reorgs in 2015
Job level system prohibits job growth for loyal long term employees who did not enter the company at already higher levels. employee review system left a lot to be desired.
The location is not suitable for me
Lots of challenges in reaching consensus to make a decision, sometimes too much focus on work/life balance
Their performance model is like a lottery ticket. Doing your best work is not good enough and you have to campaign yourself all the time. A constant comparison/competitive within. People have their own personal agendas which may conflict with the company/department objectives and goals.
Prior to 2014, the stack ranking system made performance reviews very stressful. You may have found yourself doing extra projects unrelated to your primary job function just to stand out from your peers for performance ranking time.
Lack of agility, too many turf battles, lack of progressive marketing vision and execution, less meritocratic at senior levels
Not all teams have the same Microsoft standard. MSIT is the IT backbone and most program manager roles have redundancies with Solution delivery managers
As an SDET, not all the work was that interesting. We got stuck doing a lot of manual tests since vendors weren't budgeted for our department. Also, sometimes it felt like we were all waiting round for something to happen. Which was boring
Review process and change in health benefits.
Internal politics and power plays are standing in the way of innovation.
lot of employees are still old school, not fast enough
The company tends to go through too many re-orgs which causes a lot of inefficiencies. At times they are not nimble enough to make fast decisions.
Management is pure crap, probably the worst you can find. Managers (from direct to VP level) are just a bunch of email addicts doing nothing except re-organizing every 6 months to justify their job.  There is also a lot of incompetent engineers, really unbelievable.
Entrenched politics in most groups. Knowing the right people and ability to embellish is more important than pursuing productivity and customer satisfaction.
lack of value adding to company
I worked nearly 10 years at Microsoft and always looked forward with optimism to working with intelligent, dedicated, hard working coworkers/leaders and on cool projects. However, I mainly I saw poor middle management, dysfunctional teams, constant re-orgs, back stabbing, empire building and cost cutting that during my time I was "reduced in force" twice on two teams. The first time I landed a new team and never left the company, the second time I wasn't given such luxury--despite getting 1s and 2s and promos over the last few years.  I left MS with a bitter feeling that I never found what I was looking for. I met some very intelligent people, but seemingly most had significant character flaws that were disastrous to building high performing teams. What frustrated the most was the constant empire building and self preservation that occurred at middle and upper management levels...basically what they tell you is just lip service to make you feel good, but no substance. (Not uncommon at big corporations, so that shouldn't be a surprise)  Before my second "RIF" I had two teams interested in having me move, but my last GM pleaded on two occasions that I not leave, so thinking I was favored by him that would mean a brighter future, so I stayed--yet not 3 months later I was axed with 4 other coworkers. Best I could figure is that we weren't "diversified" enough to keep, despite all being top team performers with important projects. Not sure who or how the layoff decision was made, but from my perspective, when you have common traits as far as gender, race, sexual orientation, you don't stand a chance if you are in competition with the more uncommon folks working next to you even if they perform worse. (Honestly, 4 individuals on that team who could be classified as diverse had either delivered nothing of important in years, stayed in the same role for many years, or actually screwed up to cost the company money.) Probably not an unusual situation at large corporations since meeting certain diversification requirements are important to someone up high, so for me it's time to move on to a smaller company.
Silos, too many layers, field empowerment, month to month focus is unrealistic in in the old perpetual revenue model. Not a sales centric organization
Hierarchy, Re-org, laid-off, confusion, politics
very challenging and very demanding
High pressure at times of release
work can be stressful sometimes
Can be slow but things are changing Decision making is slow
The biggest challenges are work/life balance and stack-ranking. They say "Microsoft will take all that you give it," and the expectation is that you give it your all -- at night, over the weekend, instead of your child's sporting events, etc. Then, with stack-ranking (which I heard they've since done away with), you're always competing with your peers to work as much/hard as they do. As someone that had a family to take care of, it was frustrating to have to compete with my 20-something peers that gave their lives to the company to prove their worth. Not all teams had these same challenges (but many do), so if you're interviewing with Microsoft, please be sure to ask about the team's expectations and views on work/life balance with the hiring manager.
Are expected to work hard and work long hours.
Seems to be limited opportunities for roles outside services and sales in field offices.
The SVC campus is somewhat old-fashioned. There's no agile development, and everyone sits in separate cubicles. Not much collaboration, so it seems like everyone is doing their own thing without any teamwork. A lot of the code reflects that as well.
There aren't really cons as such from a company point of view. The pay is competitive with the rest of the companies, if you join laterally. but if you are moving up the ladder, the growth is real slow and outcome is not satisfactory
Performance review model promotes internal competition and not really cooperation, voice of regular employees virtually non-existent to upper management, too many similar products competing with one another. If you don't belong to Windows or Office, you don't have a lot of say.
Leadership makes decisions and passes them down
Work-life balance, too many reorgs
Culture in flux, some making the transition to the new way, others holding on to the past Not able to modernize from a tech perspective as quickly as possible
Satya has the right idea. His vision is spot on. But when it comes to the execution, his generals are falling short of that vision. Rather than the innovation he is committed to, they are too busy protecting their fiefdoms. The result of this is that the people who want to innovate are stifled be the focus being placed on "saluting the flag" instead of being trusted to do what they were hired to do. So if you're young and have ideas... you may want to look elsewhere.
Too much developer centric. Microsoft would need to put more effort on usability test and design.
Review system set up to reward peer-to-peer fighting. Remarkably political. Hard to get rid of bad apples, who get passed from group to group.
The company is very disorganized. Restructure upon restructure has left everyone a bit confused on how to get business done. While they have done a good job breaking up the cliques that prevented new workers from finding a role in the company, they also didn't provide a real alternative, so things can be hilariously bad. Administrative issues are slowly sorted out, and only with executive-level involvement. It took 3 years to get a work phone number and IT is a dystopian nightmare. Hardware refreshes are every three years with strangely limited availability of surface pros.
None. I find everything good . No cons in my opinion . You will love it
Slow, overly structured, resistant to change, conservative workforce. High BS to real work ratio. Lots of cooks in the kitchen, making it hard to make real strides in short amounts of time.
Politics and relationships have become a major part of your success versus business deliverables and impact. Leadership and management expertise are not considered when being evaluated at each review cycle or for opportunities to manage larger orgs
Very political. Regardless of performance, you won't get ahead if you don't play the game.
Not a professional sales organization, this is a product company with much of its revenue coming from legacy products.
Unwanted processes, bureaucracy, lack of urgency to move on
Bad managers Too much useless processes/tools Political ineffective decisions
None to highlight from my experience.
Can be very political and busy.
not innovative and moving fast
It's retail. Politics play a huge part in promotions. Transitioning to corporate is tough.
highly competitive in an unhealthy way lots of back-channeling relationships matter much more than professional competence
It was difficult to get meaningful work done
Too many people that have lost their passion Complete inability to make decisions and move forward
As much as things have changed, there's still a lot of old thinking going on. Stagnant management corps. Also are any of their major businesses still relevant?
Agility in delivery. Microsoft still needs to up its game with respect to innovation ,agility in delivery and risk taking capabilities.
benefits no longer as fantastic, work no longer as important
Very big organization and can be tough to figure out who to contact to get things done.
Incompetent leadership (even post Ballmer), with many leaders promoted from an internal "old boys network." Hard for everyone else to advance beyond a certain level. Zero leadership accountability (but great skill at buck-passing). No coherent or executable vision (eg, compare Microsoft's grand aspirations for the future of its mobile business with the reality of the marketplace). Size makes it hard for good new ideas to break through bureaucracy, processes and divisional "not invented here" syndromes. Widespread discrimination against female employees in mid level positions (and a bulletproof glass ceiling except for a few token appointments). One of the worst healthcare plans in the tech industry (used to be by far the best), and relatively poor work/life balance. HR department, once one of Microsoft's secret weapons, now very weak. Cares little about retaining the best and brightest (many of whom have left the company).
Decision making procedure is not transparent. And voice from the bottom can never get to the upper management. Software engineers are not encouraged to innovate, but just to follow PM's requirements and design.
someone are not responsive to your email
Not as challenging as other silicon valley companies.
Outside of sales, the bonus structure is horrid and the pay scales are not on par with the industry.
Career advancement to Microsoft corporate is still very rare, they need to bridge the gap.
A lot has changed in the last 9 years, when I signed in our benefits were unbelievable and now they aren't that bad but it takes a lot of work to maintain the hsa plan and now I have like 4k a year of out of pocket expenses which I did not receive a pay increase for. Also if you're not at the mother ship in Redmond it's not the same experience.
There are some groups that still are very old-school and frown on working anywhere other than the office for 12 hours a day. Some groups are simply so over worked that even with the flexibility it's difficult to find balance. The benefits are not what they used to be.
Unfortunately all the above is true but very few people understand how to navigate the system in order to be truly successful. This is especially true in the non producing roles (outside of sales and engineering) were development is based on "owning your own career". What this translates into is an organization that doesn't fully know how to develop it's people and/or how to maximize their full potential. In a competitive market such as we have today, excellent people will continue to be leave and/or be wooed away by competitors.
Much of what you hear is true...compensation and benefits are no longer a selling point and are steadily going down, big, big company means lots and lots of red tape, getting great work to market is problematic.
You are insignificant part of a Mega corp. Too many meetings, politics, and sometimes it is really hard to move the needle, Too many stake holders, processes, and deep hierarchy, with everyone having his own agenda. Sometime it becomes very difficult to move the needle. You work to please your manager/lead, otherwise chances for success are slim. If your manager doesn't like you, he can screw your ratings, and there is very little you can do about it. The stuff and technologies that you learn , are mostly from Microsoft technology stack, and most of it is not relevant in other big companies (amazon, apple, google, facebook etc), or even in startups. Compensation is somewhat lower than industry.
Extremely political. Promotions are based on visibility and how good/loud you are with the right people, rather than quality of work. People and teams often have trouble working together. Not a collaborative environment. Performance incentives are structured to reward individual success.
Since we were only temps, we didn't get extended training like the permanent employees did, which I understand, but there were still a lot of things I didn't know that customers would ask and that I had to rely on other teammates. There are also a lot of bundle promotions that switch.
Politics can be stifling, particularly in the larger organizations. In order to survive, stay on top of your game at all times.
A mile wide and an inch deep. Don't think, do.
No cons of working here.
It is challenging to meet product, team and business goals without losing "balanced" work-life perspective.
The old culture is still extant- Microsoft is kind of a career Galapagos, in that you're really only adapted to the MS culture if you stay. The job experience there is not entirely well regarded by other innovative tech companies.
None, every thing is great
Risk of "paralysis by analysis", bureaucratic processes, a huge organization, very US-centric. "All the roads lead to Seattle", a beautiful but remote city where it rains 155 days per year. Terrible company if you are trying to stop being a workaholic.
Long hours, bureaucracy, performance calibrations, project management.
Long hours, bureaucracy, performance calibrations, project management.
It all depends on the team you join. Some teams really foster growtha nd learning. Some others are super hierarchical and keep you down with low prospects of growth.
None I can think of! Some long hours I guess
moving up is a bit difficult in the retail sector.
Very demanding, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Nothing to really complain about - typical start up
Didn't like being time constrained on certain projects, but all in all there aren't very many con's.
Lots of layers / orchestration/ politics Sometimes different product groups are not aligned and actually compete with each other The behavior /attitude changes at the top haven't always trickled down to the rank and file. Not a great brand reputation with consumers Spotty management - there's really good and really bad managers
Bad managers abound (but so are good ones). Schedules can be aggressive and that can be stressful.
- Large company syndrome- 100K employees doesn't move fast. - Very slowly converting to a more agile software mindset, but large chunks are still box-product thinkers - Tendency to group-think about brands, etc.
I felt people are not very willing at talking and being social. As an intern I was expecting people to be more social and helpful. Don't get me wrong: my manager and tutors were awesome, but I can not say the same about the rest of my colleagues who did not even bother to learn my name.
Hidden Level System, Weird promotion system, really big company
big corporation not much room to grow in the field org.
Not really many cons, its amazing
pms have too much power too managerial
Incompetent people higher up in the management chain don't get weeded out quick enough
Great company at the moment and no negative comments.
Always-on environment. Be prepared to live, eat, breathe the company in what can feel like a 24-7 continuous cycle.
Political, no real impact
1. very challenging, sometimes if you have a bad day it can be stressful
Very little of the old company remained when I went back. The stock benefits are gone replaced with a partner level elitist group managing the company to maintain their own comfort rather than innovate or compete. Stock itself is meaningless, and the pay and benefits is marginal (both of which are not real reasons to join a company, but are part of the old myth of MS's wealth and prosperity, which is long gone.) Innovation is of course routinely suppressed and rejected. There are so many "cons" to list that this would be an entire compendium of books (for example book #22 would be "Harry Potter and the Abominable Review System that Keeps Wage Slaves in Their Place"). So I'll skip to the end: Microsoft refuses to change and keep with modernization of technology. Its hard to blame them, as IBM did the same thing with mainframes to maintain their market position and profit. In the future, you will see a time when MS executives are on the street trying to sell a CDROM, shrink-wrapped version of Windows 22/Office 2023 with the tag-line of "Its all we really understand how to make". And don't be drawn in by their lip-service to anything "cloud" or "online"...they'll revert back to shrink-wrapped product on 1.44 floppy disk given even the smallest chance trying to relive the "glory days" of their revenue heydays.
No innovation for product, High title engineers afraid of newer hires because of their knowledge are dull
Microsoft is a hard place for women to grow their careers. There is much talk about diversity in race and gender without much true action. While HR says that pay disparity is less than one percent by gender BY JOB LEVEL, women must note that in many cases they are doing the same job as a man but being paid at a lower level...so it is all semantics. As an example, many female sales managers in the US are level 64. Male sales managers are often level 66. When MSFT says women and men are paid the same by level, in the example above this would mean that L64 female sales managers are paid at the same rate as L64 men...but they leave out that level 64 men are sales reps. Equality would be raising the women to the same level 66 as their male counterparts and paying the same amount for an equal job. With MSFTs semantics issues, women should start to be concerned with the integrity of the company as it relates to the core company values. As an employee for nearly two decades always in the top 20%, I personally realized that my values for equality didnt align to the company values.
does not feel the ownership of the product
Too large, Lots of overhead and bureaucracy, Slow to get decisions that allow change
Salary is just so so but super tired.
Company is undergoing a transformation. Corporate politics between different divisions.
Little work\life balance. Continue to force 5% of workforce out each year in a large area of the company.
you really need to manage up to move up. and most managers don't exactly do anything for their reports
- get stuck in supporting legacy software
Microsoft is working hard to adapt to adapt to the changing development cycle for technology and software. However, they still lag behind competitors in terms of flexibility and willingness to experiment. It can be draining.
Your fortunes depend a great deal on who your manager is and how much pressure they're under at any given time to create turnover. This can lead to toxic working environments and those managers that create those environments may be rewarded in the short term, but ultimately word gets around an no one wants to work for them just to be fed to the wild dogs.
A big company so has its share of process.
Some things take a while to change
Sometimes project parameters were too unclear
Work-life balance could be a little trying at times.
Decisions tend to be slow as it can involve a lot of people and politics. Projects end up taking longer in part because the teams get larger than they should and devs ends up working on stuff and reinventing the wheel instead of reusing existing components.
I didn't think career development was enough of a focus. People management was often weak. It was a common understanding that if you stayed with the company long term your career growth was slower than if you left the company and came back as a new hire.
Redtape Legacy codebase Poor tools Uninteresting work Long product life cycles
No career development here and that's with both jobs that I had, training is encouraged to be internal and for the most part, you need to take charge of your career path. Also, the work here is very much depth and not so much breadth... if it's for you, then you will love it here! Work life can be awful, when you have deadlines, you have deadlines.
Weather can be bad, too much workload,
Challenging to connect with others in work group if you are not based in Redmond. Also felt as though promotion opportunities were limited if not based in Redmond. "Out of sight, out of mind".
The new company values have not universally been adopted at the middle management level. Middle management bureaucracy, politics and overhead remain a roadblock to meaningful change. Rewards and recognition still come down to how well you market yourself - resulting from many years of the "internal competition" management approach that resulted in a inter-company and employee level dysfunction that has stifled innovation business evolution.
-Contrary to popular belief, MS has some good managers, but when you get a bad one, it is the worst you've ever had. My last two years there were terrible because of two horribly incompetent, arrogant managers -Work-life balance is paid lip service only -Career dev is a joke
Work can vary but not ever given the lead to run with it as a vendor. So boring it you are a take charge type of person.
The work is definitely tough, but it gets you thinking in a way that makes you grow as a person. Don't come to Microsoft if you want to ride easy in a normal Software Dev role.
Too much of in-fighting and many layers of management. Less focus on design and customer as opposed to appealing to what is important to your management.
Too much political behavior poor internal diversity programs
Horrible work life balance and middle management is inept
Repetitive work, employees often forced to overspecialize The offices outside the main campus do not have much to offer in career opportunity or fringe benefits Easy to feel like you don’t matter in the big picture, skills are dispensable
Very satisfied with this company...
The current transformation of the company can shift your priorities in one second.
Slow in innovation, but things have been changing under the new CEO There might be some slackers in the team who are just enjoying the ride
Company restructuring pains. Contribution to mission is not clear.
The competitive nature of some of the teams can make it hard to make cross group work happen efficiently.
Unreliable environment. No job security
Some teams are bloated Too many naysayers Heavy management structure
The company is a big company, so you cannot expect to learn more for your future career.
Most recently they've become blind to recognizing the quality of individuals and have focused instead on meeting position targets
Many positions are within a large software developer and subject to change and reorg so job security is a risk.
It is not good product company. No good product vision and execution. That is why it will fail. Also it is not growth company any more, so career growth is limited.
Large company, less focus on people.
I can't find any cons for this company
Some of directions and feature decisions are hard to understand. Management teams and PMs sometime are lack of startup mindset when define features. Over engineering due to have more resources and are not agile enough.
Bad teams can give bad experience
Competitive environment and employee performance stack ranking could be a real nightmare. Often having more work to accomplish with less resources.
Work culture is confrontational, and can sometimes border on toxic when decisions are made to preserve/grow personal empires instead of customer/business benefits. To get ahead, you need to be aggressive, promote yourself, and have the ability to pass on the blame when things go wrong.
Big company, lots of process (mostly necessary)
They aren't a very creative company and many times can be stuck on what they are working on such as a new program.
Location of offices would be better if they were out of DC for easy access.
Part time benifits, opening new store, leadership
management buying into every stupid trend in the industry from open space offices to getting rid of test/quality. this idea that the more test you have the less responsibility dev will have on their code and the more buggy it will be delivered is crazy (so more test == more bugs therefore less test == higher quality). This is the most recent manifestation of what I encountered early in my time at MSFT when as we approached a ship date the quality bar would be redefined so that you were told not to enter any defects short of common crashes. same thing with open space, when I started every employee got an office at 110 square feet. then it went to fishbowl glass sliding door office at 65 square feet, then it went to open space in a "six pack" where 6 cube wall divided spaces shared a bay, then they came in and took the dividing walls, then the name plates for the six pack went from 6 name spaces to 12 just in case they wanted to add more folks to the space. Another group put us in a completely open floor with some nonsensical discussion about how open space ("radical colocation") would allow us to cooperate better. open space was so noisy they had to issue us all noise canceling headphones so now I was sitting at a desk staring at my boss in front of me with noise canceling headphones on so that my coworkers could only get my attention by waving their hands or sending me email (didn't exactly foster cooperation). review had to fit to a curve, so even if everyone was a rock star someone got screwed on the review (this was explained that it encouraged folks to move around in the company to spread out excellence). the result of getting a non rock star review number was that you could not even get considered for jobs within the company.
Cutthroat performance review system that pits employees against each other in competition for bonuses and promotions. In the right groups it works well to incentivize excellence. In some it is toxic and full of politics. The company is making some good changes recently but it is still the same stack ranking system underneath. Work/life balance can get bulldozed over if you're not careful to create clear boundaries for yourself.
Work life balance was something always discussed, but really slow to implement some of the ideas. At the end of the day - bean counters controlled staffing and for most my time there, several groups were not staffed correctly. Upper management is much like any other company of this size
It's difficult for women and minorities to succeed. It's definitely a male-dominated, male-oriented company and this hasn't changed in twenty years.
If you are an admin, you will be treated like crap and be on call 24/7. If you don't drink, that's also a problem because almost all social events eevolve around booze. Male hierarchy and culture makes it hard to advance.
Not many, might get touch with outside world if stayed long with company
Sometimes too big to move quick enough in changing market conditions
it WAS awesome place to work before ~2010. company is struggling now. competition, economy, and poor upper management leadership you may never make a good career there. if your team would have 20 members and all would be Nobel Prize geniuses, they all would get "average" on yearly calibration/review, they would never get promotion. To be "strong" you'll need to prove that you over-performed others. Stack options are insulting. Medical benefits WAS awesome before 2012. Now, if you have family, you have to pay $6500 before insurance start covering 100%. If you want to ruin your careers join MS, work 20 years, and get layoff with almost same level as you started.  SICK company. Big layoffs, reforms, and reorganizations are upfront, otherwise it won't survive.
Isolated technology compared with open sources. No good products in mobile or Internet areas. Limited growth.
Nothing is really bad about it.
Like to re-invent the wheel and play catch-up with other companies.
Big company politics slow progress and professional development
Work/life balance. Competitive employees/culture.
The company is big, so sometimes you can feel that it is not easy to make a difference. This is not much of an issue though, as the managers work actively to make you feel included.
Fast moving industry leads to having lots of challenges
Lots of in-fighting, I worked on boring projects, lots of planning compared to the amount of code I got to write, lots of meetings, one of my projects was scrapped because they had to re-assign my testers to another project, even though I completed the coding work.
Lot of politics, slow and difficult to move things
Too big to adapt quick changes.
Like many large companies, it is difficult to get things done quickly and not everyone has subscribed to the "customer obsessed" mentality yet.
Lot of entrenched management overhead causes little fiefdoms. Since Satya has started as CEO, seems like he is intent on changing the culture and emphasizing sharing and enabling others.
Nothing major just the usual politics of a big company
laid back atmoshere Simple departments Data Entry
Work are not balanced. sometimes extremely busy sometimes nothing to do.
slow pace and political complexities
Very competitive due to smaller departments. Relies too much on venders. Hard to connect with anyone outside my department because it's so big.
Lots of slackers who get promoted, politics.
Ahhhh, the roller coaster ride of High Tech with corporate giants
There is no leadership because leadership positions are infested by the overpaid parasites. The company is directed by the impulses of these parasites' for survival. Working here is exactly like working for a corrupt government office.
My lowlights:  - Pressure from stakeholders makes profit go before people - MSIT under constant pressure to change with no articulated vision as to what IT should be causes constant reorg churn, org tweaking, role changes, that just changes people from being the main asset to a pion you can just move around - Still no vision of the future. Cloud first, mobile first is so large and vague, it means everything and nothing, basically, it means we will go where the market goes instead of where they think it is going and what they want to offer.
A few people I know there aren't that smart.
The company does not have a clear view on where it is headed, mostly due to mismanagement by Ballmer.
Google competing in same space and hard to break through.
The biggest challenge is that success within the company has significant demands that can be a challenge to maintain a good work/Life balance. Recent health benefits changes have resulted in significant increase in healthcare costs for employees.
Lack of opportunities within our San Francisco office
In the day to day work I found a lot more managers who were not leaders. Often times they would just reiterate what their bosses said and there were critical times where they would misinterpret the message and send the wrong message down the line.
The company is obviously very large and thus makes it very difficult for groups and departments to get things done. The communication between departments is absolutely horrible which causes projects to get delayed, sidetracked or just cancelled very often. This also leads to a redundant workload that has possibly even been done by another team!  There is way to much of an engineering driven culture at Microsoft which tends to make the product or service you work on very bland and unintuitive.  To say the company is risk adverse is an understatement. If you are looking to create something new and exciting then this isn't the place for you. Get ready to iterate on unlikely/unrealistic scenarios that pander to business needs much more that the people that use them.  There is very much a 'live to work' mentality at Microsoft rather than a 'work to live' mentality. This leads to stressed out teams and even more stressed managers.  There isn't a vision of where the company is going in departments let alone at a company level. This can be very uninspiring.
Backstabbing peers, rat race ruin environment. New CEO promised to change that.
At one point, every role turns into sales. Most employees are coin-operated.
Politics Not much equity Work was terrible Lot of inefficiencies
Big company with Dynamic Operating models
Depending on the team, it can be stressful at times, with long hours and countless battles to do the right thing for the customers.
Red tape, sometime just too big
- old-Microsoft culture traits (aggressiveness, lack of collaboration, internal competition) still linger among small pockets of old-timers - benefits not at par vs. competition -- e.g., Google / Facebook / Yahoo! (free food, lengthy parental leaves), Apple (sizable HW product discount for employees - SW discounts are great!!)
Lack of free food that is seen in many tech companies. Health care is no longer free, but they do provide money each year to cover a portion of what you might have to pay, so you just have to save that up for 2 years to no longer have to pay anything out of pocket.
Lots of legacy/historical process slowing down the company, making work frustrating at times. Currently a lot of churn to reach "ideal state" as quickly as possible (as mentioned in the pros). Company culture is still not very in-tune with the rest of the market and how competitors do their business at a tactical level, but this is improving in the last year.
political, upper management focused on their careers & perception
Unfortunately, they have drank too much of their Kool-Aid and don't realize they aren't the leaders anymore. Time to make competitive products and empower the employees again!
Silos still exist preventing a feeling of a shared vision. Some organizations more entrepreneurial than others. Need for stakeholder buy-in means be prepared to attend a lot of meetings before anything gets done. Teams sometimes rush to develop their own systems rather than using existing capabilities resulting in duplicate and unnecessary business processes. Competitive bonus structure still fosters a tendency to throw others under the bus to get ahead. Ability to navigate Internal politics is critical to your career.
Difficulty maintaining work/life balance. While your pay is high, you're often on the clock even at home (email, nighttime phone calls to other locations etc).  Depending on the team you work for, Microsoft can be very sluggish to respond to market needs. There's still a sense of fiefdoms and intransigence to new ideas. There are many long-timers there (though many were laid off recently). So, people who have less time in aren't given as much respect. It can be a very, very tough place to work when you get down to the wire and are close to a product release. Lots and lots and lots of overtime during this period.
very high standard of work required. those with poor work ethics need not apply. great perks etc if you are willing to work for it.
Heavy processes, not moving fast enough
Growth impedance. Company direction isn't clear - leadership not strong. Office culture can be very political, especially higher up.
I worked at Microsoft IT for 5 years. It started well with a good manager and ended with 2 bad managers. Just like other positions at Microsoft, managers matter a lot. I talked to other engineers at product groups like Windows and Office. Their culture seemed to be more engineering and technical focused than playing games and politics. There is politics at every workplace. Microsoft IT seemed to get it the most. My review was heavily affected by if other engineers liked my personality rather than liked my engineering contribution. Who decided that? The ranking system dictated by the managers.
Previous to new CEO, overly focused on wars with competition. Health plan now average compared to previous. Not "Sexy" like other big tech firms. Some fits and starts in transitioning to Cloud first.
Company moving to top down environment. Not much room for your own contributions. Benefits are no longer competitive.
You need to understand how you can do what needs to be done. Its different in different parts of the company. So different in fact that you might as well be working at different companies all together when you switch teams.
Sometimes projects took too long to complete
Lack of benefits as a vendor, difficulty to transition to full time, lack of job security and relevant training courses, groups can be cliquey
Very competitive place to work, the old stack rank mentality still lingers (some groups still use it, I believe, although my understanding is that it was eliminated for the most part).
Very competitive place to work, the old stack rank mentality still lingers (some groups still use it, I believe, although my understanding is that it was eliminated for the most part).
Late to mobile, Search, Social and generally slow
no good leadership team, changes moved too slow
Little cultural focus given to manager and leader development. Manager experiences a luck of the draw over a "Microsoft" management way.
Can't think of any at this point.
Complicated org structure means you need to be mindful where you land
Insular -- if you're not using 100% Microsoft products, you're seen as a traitor, rather than keeping your skills current in the job market
It is very feature centric rather than user centric.  Everything is so convoluted and unnecessary complex.  It is a top down organization where you got not enough time to even do what you are told to do. There is no room for innovation at all.  Everything is about the bottom line and backstabbing to get ahead.
The benefits are weak since Obamacare. We used to have 100% coverage for all medical expenses, no deductible, no copay, no paycheck deduction. Now we pay over $6k/yr for a family of 4. Some teams are moving to cubicle farms or open work areas instead of the private offices everyone used to have.
Undergoing change to the agile way of doing things, lot of teething pains, lack of vision, too much infighting and chaos, politics to the extent to inducing failure in partner organizations
yes too too many hours :S:S:S
24/7 on-call responsibilities for Azure, although rotations are much less frequent than at many web services companies
Not a place to build a long term career
Navigating company can be tricky
As the title says, the change is happening but slowly
culture is political can be hard to move up, i found it easier to move out of company and get the experience needed to get hired back in a role I wanted to do
Limited Investment to Go To Market in the Field's hand, Size makes difficult to bring agility.
Politics, difficult to be promoted past Technical Advisor
Too much politics and slow decisions.
Slow. Out of touch. Need to be agile. Too many layers of management and old school of thinking. Not getting enough new perspective is hurting the company
The frequency of reorganizations throughout the company causes significant disruptions and turmoil for employees. Often leadership has a difficult time making decisions and acting fast enough.
You will be having to meet quota as far as selling product. Its almost a commission based environment without the commission.
At least for the team I work with, the average age of my team is in the lower to mid 30s, which is jarring for me. For me, things also sometimes moves at a slower pace than I like. Obviously, this can be both a good and a bad thing, but I'm in the camp of moving fast.
Limited Investment to Go To Market in the Field's hand, Size makes difficult to bring agility.
flexibility does not necessarily equate to WLB. silo'd culture.
Company very large, not very structured across divisions, sometimes hard to attain necessary information/resources to complete work
Big organization and lots of teams
frequent reorg and direction change and unstable team organizations location (in Seattle) is not very ideal unless you love the rain
The internal compete both in your team and outside of it is sometimes almost brutal one. Because of the ranking methode people is fighting aggresivly to be team number one
Management is horrible. Lots of managers are promoted based on relationships not competency. Lots of management turnover. Employee ranking/evaluation process contributes to this problem.
Requires constant training and reading You need to know how to navigate MS culture to progress in your career faster
Some parts of the company might be bureaucratic...
Lack of collaboration across teams
Not all those working with you have the same loyalty
This is a great company to work for.
No career development, limited opportunity for advancement. Easier to get a promotion/transfer by leaving and getting re-hired than to get internal transfer. Given internal change makes it difficult to reposition yourself. If you are with the wrong team politics can be ugly.
big company politics slow down things sometime
Very large company, more processes
It is all about the group you are in and the management of the group - which changes constantly. Oddly enough, the Stack-Ranking program drives many talented people out of the business and keeps the average folks.
maybe slow to change and can be very political depending on what team you are in
Big company, have to deal with a lot of politics. Really feel like a small fish in a big pond, not really getting a say in what happens with your feature
Very little gets done on the individual level, tooling could be better and the decision making process seems to be concentrated at the upper echelons of the company.
Unwillingness to listen to any suggestion. There is good reason Bing is far behind Google. Off shore team was culturally clueless about American cultural which is important for search and advertising.
Moving between products is a cumbersome process.
Not much to complain about.
Very cutthroat environment. Getting ahead often means stepping on people. To meet deadlines for product releases, you can expect to be working very long hours and weekends. This is especially true when senior management decides to make modification to a project late in the development cycle.
Some highest leadership team members are lack of vision, especially windows phone org.
Tiresome politics and bureaucracy. No one is really interested in getting work done, it's all endless meetings.
The weather in Seattle is hard to get used to.
The company is so diverse and fragmented that working across internal boundaries is pretty challenging and can come in the way of success (individual and org). Team or individual failure is hardly seen as an opportunity to learn, rather a way to point fingers and weed out
Two re-orgs a year, constant office changes, it's not what you do, it's who you know, too many layers of management
Politics, Compliance, HR is the true decision maker in the business, has become extremely sales based and hurts customer experience.
Difficult for entry level positions
too competitive among peers, revenue target only culture, dinosaur organization
- It's trying to do too many things and therefore does most of them only average - Management seems to re-invent product strategies every 6 months (including re-orgs) and as a consequence really only worried about H1 (H2 is about re-thinking a strategy) - It's hard to manage your career as even with the new evaluation systems you are compared to others... but you don't really know who they are. So every year, bonus time is a surprise - Everything is measured and data is manipulated to make decisions. Very few people who know an industry and can make decisions that are obvious rather than go through a 3 month process to discuss it. - Finding a new job internally is all about the network. HR provides no support.
-Moves slow, most work isn't engaging. -I was not challenged. The firm gets in the way of itself all the time. They are trying to change, but will do so sluggishly. - People are underutilized.
Future is uncertain and they are willing to take risks at the expense of employees.
Many re-orgs cause change in managers, which are key to your success and ability to move up in the company.
too much re-org leadership changes too often
not so good management hierachy and review system
lack of focus no clear objectives
It's so big that the different organizations do not always have common goals and objectives.
Can't think of any cons
large companies like MS can move slower and be more political. also, lots of smart people work here, so be prepared to deal with massive egos in some cases. overall, i had a great time working here.
Too many managers who do nothing, too much process
- If you are in a group that is in a cost center, and particularly if costs are being cut, then the only way you can grow is often for someone else to shrink. This has incented poor behavior in some places.  - There is no end to work, that is making your project and yourself better. Balance that with your management. You need to balance work/life or it can get out of control. - it is not a meritocracy, you will need to network and sponsors to protect and promote your career just as much as doing good work. - rewards are very tied to making your direct management chain better. If you helped another team outside your direct managements unbrella do well, you often are not rewarded for that.
Things get slighly bureaucratic at times. There is also politics being played when it comes reorganization. People are afraid to take risks and bet on new technology when it comes to enterprise.
Aggressive environment rewards people with bad attitudes
Corporate Politics galore. Review system breeds individuals to step on others to advance ones career
nothing to be mad about great job
nothing to be mad about great job
Management is in that awkward puberty-like stage, they're not really sure exactly what's going on and trying to keep up makes for a few stumbles and voice cracks.
Lots of management changes. Lots of layoffs.
Company has significant legacy assets, which from one side is great, because it's a good baseline, from other side integration between products and necessity to support older version of software makes life harder.
Bonus and stocks are not much.
Limited upward mobility Internal politics and favoritism Top heavy and middle heavy organization structure Too many processes and people just to manage those processes
- Review system is really bad
Retail hours. Inexperienced management staff.
ranking system that ensures bias
not as good as elsewhere in the tech industry, both in terms of compensation and culture wise. there is no culture, just politics, and progress is much slower as a result and people are less happy.
It's big. Sometimes it can be hard to make things move quickly. When the customer base is so large, every change or move has an impact.
Many time invested on internal focused activities Difficult to set a long term career, the company is no longer growing but reducing headcount, can't ride the wave It it's not invented on Redmond it does not exist
My group was treated as a stepchild. Did not get the full Microsoft employee treatment. Eventually, my entire group was eliminated. Still had the Nokia culture in place.
Internal culture is not good for many people who are not really strong type A personalities.
Lack of mobility in the company
Lots of politics and drama
Frequent reorgs, different parts of the company are often at odds with one another, lots of politics among mid-management, although there are some very smart and talented folks, there's also a surprising amount of dead-weight that still manages to get rewarded (thanks to politics). Although benefits are good, total comp is not great (I think they target to pay at the 65th percentile of industry)
not too many cons, hard to beat. I've had many other offers from other leading companies that I won't consider because I have no reason to leave and the stock options provided every year make it harder to leave as well.
Extremely hierarchical structure, lots of reorgs by management to compete effectively
Training/Onboarding for the team I supported was essentially non-existent, too many layers of management, no clear road map to guide you through career advancement, "who you know and not what you know" is a common theme in hiring (coming from someone in HR), being able to "talk the talk" is often more important than "walking the walk"
Depending on which group you are in, budget and staffing is limited.
The company will take every hour you give it and will quickly expect long hours as the norm. There is a constant push to 'go faster'. There is also a Microsoft 'kool aid' mentality where Microsoft technology is considered the best and is the only tolerated technology - all others are admonished regardless of their merits. The company maintains a minimum attrition rate (for what they call 'good' attrition - i.e. low performers). I have seen many good employees walked out the door because attrition targets had to be met.
Layers of middle managers and bureaucracy, makes getting things done hard at times. Review system is designed for internal competition, which can be detrimental for the company and product.
The title of this review is a quote from a comment a senior director made to me when I was a couple of years into Microsoft and sadly it's an attitude that appears to prevail in almost every part of the business in my experience. Microsoft is also everything it is reputed to be in terms of political infighting and backstabbing, the majority of middle to senior management spend most of their time fighting one another to retain their status while caring less that the ship is slowly sinking...
Way too big of a company and it's nearly impossible to move up/around in the company unless you know people. It really is true that it's not what you know, but who.
Easy to be unheard, sometimes climbing up the ladder can be stressful
Work-life balance can vary depending on team, some teams have a lot of politics. The culture shift that Satya is driving is catching on but it will take a while to permeate everywhere.
Complicated licensing, over matrix organization
Orgs are getting larger. More work and emphasis on navigating lots of teams with different priorities. Makes it harder than ever to get simple things done.
Poor work-life balance, top heavy management, some bad people managers.
Entirely too much reorganization - over and over again.
1. Mid management impedes more than it helps 2. Bad review growth system 3. Too much work politics
Too many layers of management that do more to confuse and disrupt than actually drive the vision forward. People move positions frequently, averaging a new role every two years, which leads to more disruption - particularly with customers.
Open workspaces, lots of team politics, moves very slowly, review system sucks, layoffs and general job insecurity, recent reductions in benefits makes them far less competitive
Non what so ever and i need a change.
In general there's more work to be done than fits in an 8 hour day. For nearly 20 years, I generally worked a 10hr day 5 days a week, with another half day accumulated across evenings or weekends.  The annual review process imposes a ranking across team members which is not representative of how well they did their jobs. This can lead to deflated compensation and advancement opportunities for individuals who are doing their job well, and vice versa can advance employees who don't deserve it simply because they did better work than their team mates who were less competent. This process is slowly changing, but I have no insight as to what and when new policies will be in place.
Company culture was radically different between Redmond and other offices. HQ seemed much more brainwashed and unrealistic about the competition and the quality of their own products. Strategy felt reactive. Never a good thing.
-Forget making a difference, this place is too slow and everything is in Redmond. -All good opportunities are in Redmond. -HR is a complete mess, it feels like they are using an India call center. -Politics, politics. Teams do not collaborate, they are against each other. -Slowness. This company makes the government seem like it's running quickly! -There's no point or advantage to being in Silicon Valley. The company ignores what's going down on here and lives in its own little Redmond world. -No Silicon Valley perks, the food is awful.
Too many cooks in the decision making process. Sometime things do not get done because of the decision and approval process.
I found that the company does not know how to address politics and the associated conflicts with collaboration properly - especially managers. As a result you find yourself in situations where you simply cannot resolve these political issues and management cannot do anything. It becomes just a matter of time before it gets out of control, dysfunction sets in and it impacts the delivery of projects.
Didn't see much growth opportunities for Senior folks.
If you are in the wrong team, you could get affected by internal politics. Program managers run the show and are answerable to no one!
too many buckets and still in the process of getting their ducks in a row
Some teams could be boring amd slow
Growing with the company is tough as not many positions come up
Ever-changing structure. heavy dependency on staff augmentation. Many of the managers are non-technical. The life balance is extremely poor. Expect to work long hours. complex review system.
Highly competitive culture, consistent reorgs, long hours (dependent on role)
Mgmt is ill trained and rarely puts their staff members in positions to succeed. Most of the time they are looking out for themselves.
If you are in the field and on the management track, upward mobility is limited even for top performers. Once you reach a certain grade level it is very difficult to advance any further without leaving the company.
Work life balance is not good, not enough transparency in Performance review system
Many "old school" mentality for what is to be a Customer Focused environment. the House will always win. Quotas are consistently late for fiscal year setting.
Long hours Strong competition among peers Requires strong perseverance to engage and secure buy-in from various stakeholders Takes long time to execute the approved business model
Work scope could be limited working in a big company, especially if working on a product that is in sustaining mode.
Overall very corporate. I couldn't get the current vision of senior management and people in charge. Plus the way they fire people is just not fair.
too much heirarchy follow rules too much, getting wrk done can be slow.
BIG company, bureaucratic culture. There are people and even product units that do not contribute. Easy to move around but impossible to switch career (e.g. Engineer to Product Manager...frowned upon even before an interview). Out of touch with the rest of the world when it comes to technology trends.
Large company culture is too ingrained into most of the workforce. This comes in the way of nimbleness, leading to lower productivity when compared to other companies in the same space. Wish the changes that are being pushed now, were undertaken 10 years ago. I fear its too late to recover now.
Highly competitive environments on some teams. Not always appreciative of Individual Contributor innovations. Some internal teams operate under the mentality of this is the way we have always done it and this is the way we are going to continue doing it. Although, Satya Nadella is trying to change that,
My team was solely intern based, so mentorship and personal growth were limited to the knowledge of the other interns
new console has terrible software.
There are opportunities for growth in the area of diversity related to the recruitment and advancement of disadvantaged job candidates and employees.
It has become a very huge company, so comes with its own disadvantages
Politics, review system, lack of transparency, leadership
The career growth is limited. It is really hard to change to different team. The company is pretty old and lag the productivity
Most of the management is out of loop from what exactly they want to do and what is their priorties
It takes a long time to get one thing done as it is a very process driven company.
Too many reorganization happening in recent days which lost many talents with strong experience and expertise. Some teams focus too much on impact so that they fight for features with visibility.
the culture of employees is not so good. nothing is designed well, bureaucracy to get a job done sucks.
Despite attempts to improve the culture, it remains oddly self-destructive. Talented people don't really help each other, produce flawed products and then paper over the failures to get their bonuses. Learnings never get passed on.
Unskilled managers with large egos that lack accountability and only care about themselves. Very toxic environment.
It's a BIG company bogged down by its organization size and engineering complexity. Teams mentality in generally towards other teams is negative and distrustful. Microsoft has evolved from from a scrappy start-up like mentality to operate more like IBM. The average employees technical IQ and passion for technology and customers has waned over the years. Teams often have a hard time working together to achieve common goals. Good people managers (leads) are not rewarded as such unless you are a middle level manager where work-group and people management is your primary responsibility.
not much potential and upside
* the medical benefits -- often touted as "amazing" in the past, have changed dramatically recently. Make sure you deep dive on this before you join and don't be swayed by some recruiter marketing. The main Medical plan available to most employees is a high deductible plan complete with amazing amount of paperwork that you have to manage. That said, I appreciate the opportunity to have the benefit, in the first place. Just make sure you understand what "top notch" medical benefits are vs. just above average.  * prepare for the politics and the constant change - pretty standard for tech but I was surprised how fluid things are. This is good and bad. Choose your opportunities and alliances carefully.
Changing benefits, but that is inevitable with all organizations.
- work-life balance is okay sometimes
Microsoft management decided to reduce the workforce in the San Diego facility, so it is not such a great place to work now (at least in San Diego), c'est la vie
Promotions, work-life balance, career support
Large company. Not as nimble as it needs to be in its industry.
[-] Not all of the restructuring has hit the right targets. The SMS&G sales and marketing groups have only made minor changes -- the usual "pruning" of non-conformists, instead of removing the inward-facing roadblocks to change. [-] Outside of Azure and O365, prospects are mixed and direction less sure. [-] Windows revenue (client and server) declining. [-] Still unsure how to monetize consumer-facing services. [-] Mobile and device strategy is fragmented. [-] Although top-down efforts to change toxic culture are encouraging, everyone who has risen through the ranks, during the past 10 years, did so in the context of the old culture. Many of the leaders still look at their careers as a zero sum game, where they win only by making someone else lose. [-] As in most large companies, norms of equity preclude offering sufficient rewards for taking entrepreneurial risk. [-] Sales and marketing is the most risk-averse part of the organization -- most in need of a shakeup.
Losing their way in many areas Over-complicated approval infrastructure Politics happening at all levels -- too many decisions made on the basis of political agendas over the real needs of customers and the market Too much focus on the business model -- it is important, but they should focus on the customer first and let the business model come from optimizing the customer experience
Many layers of management. In my experience (9 years) the management is generally weak when it comes to focusing on the output of the team and employee development. Managers seem to pay more attention to pleasing their superiors.  The other major drawback is the culture of competition between individuals, a legacy of the old review system. That stack ranking/forced curve system is gone, but culture does not change as quickly as one would hope.
In transition from a business focused on software development to a business that runs a service. A lot of turnover and churn in management and reorgs. Lack of senior leadership vision and customer focus. Too dependent on enterprise business to focus resources on winning consumer's hearts and minds. Cannot win the loyalty of 21 year old and younger generation.
The real work happens deep in middle management at the lead and IC level. Depending on your manager and project, you can have little or a lot of executive exposure.
There are really two areas that hold Microsoft back from being a great company to work for, both could be easily addressed. First, your experience will depend completely on your manager - good manager = good experience, bad manager = bad experience. Microsoft has failed for a long time to effectively train, develop and mentor their first-tier managers and this is the core of their failures. Second, there is still far too much "busywork" that doesn't apply to a particular role's core execution. Does a developer really need to know how to sell a Surface? I agree that "everybody sells" but Microsoft seems to be lost in a morass of everybody sells everything...and the portfolio is just to broad and diverse for that to be the case.
Very ambiguous environment, unstructured and not well organized. Lots of office politics. I'm relatively new to the company and my work peers have all been there for many years so there is tremendous resistance to change even though change is needed in a lot of areas.
If you get a good manager, good team and/or good product/project-- there are no real cons. BUT--- there are way too many reorganizations and strategy changes making all three of these variables-- too uncertain.  If you do get 1 bad review you are set back for 2 years, but can climb out of it-- Have had amazing, great reviews and horrible ones...  Managing "Ambiguity" Mantra is a way for SVP's to buy time to change Strategy and not make "Hard Decisions".
Politics Lots of competition with old timers Stack ranking still exists. You can get a bad review even after meeting all goals Microsoft technologies/tools centric which may not be super marketable outside the company
Top heavy, very very big
Too many reorganizations requiring effort to reestablish goals each time
Slow pace. Lack of engineering execution. Lots of people who don't add much value.
Decision making could be better streamlined.
It is a company geared for college hires and young hungry go getters. The company's unofficial "move up or move out" is great for people looking to climb the corporate ladder, and is strongly encouraged. It is not a company where older workers who are satisfied with their job level and just want to do the best they can is rewarded. If you're unable or unwilling to strive for a promotion, you are eventually phased out as "too long in level." This culture of constantly moving tends to limit corporate knowledge. It also periodically stymies true innovation, as people are more worried about getting to the next level, rather than doing what's best for the customer.
Too Big, confusing buildings hard to get around.
Cons will vary by division, so my experiences may not be representative of all - or most - groups. Within the the advertising groups ( i.e. in OSD or A&O) Microsoft is victim to a very subtle 'passive/aggressive' culture that seems somewhat pervasive of a lot of companies in the Seattle area (so, not just a MS phenomena). Disagreements or direct confrontation is frowned upon, while 'back channel' negotiations and positioning drive influence. If you prefer a culutre that is far more direct and vocal, Microsoft may not be a great environment or experience for you. Promotions and advancement can be very slow unless you have an acceptable 'alpha dog' personality and or othereise are a strong contributor and belong to high profile demographic groups. If you don't fit these categories, make sure you get a level and salary you will be happy with when you start for at least two years or more as you will very likely not be considered for promotions until your second or third review (unless you stand out like a rock star). Smaller companies reward and promote much quicker, so if you are used to or expect that, you may be disappointed. While Microsoft makes much of its merit-based promotions/rewards system, its really difficult to believe it. This is the problem of any large company where promotion and reward decisions are made further and further up the org hierarchy, so its just really difficult for all but the most signifciant (or narcisitic!) to get noticed. This means that employees who consistently deliver good work but don't generate a lot of awareness can often be overlooked. The lack of transparency around 'level's is one of the problems IMO: Promotions are secretive and not acknowledged in most groups, which is kind of weird and doesn't lead to a lot of trust in a system if management is not willing to acknowledge who gets promoted and who does not. The work you do may be exciting, but there is a 12 to 18 month cycle where the project/product you are working on will go from high profile to mundane or (as seen recently) a target for personnel reductions. This leads to one of the solutions and problems at Microsoft in that you are going to have to change internal jobs frequently to stay relevant (e.g. 18 months to 2 years). There is little value placed on consistent results generation, Microsoft wants rock stars who will generate internal enthusiasm and garner resources and rewards, which leads to a sort of self-fulfilling prophecy (until they ultimately flame out, see Xbox One launch!).
Biggest con just comes with the size of the organization. It can be hard for lower level PMs/Devs to induce change either a) on a broader scale or b) on any scale outside of their own area of immediate responsibility. While communication to immediate managers and CEO is actually pretty good (with town halls, q&a sessions, etc.) communication to/from more intermediate level managers is often lacking (and for managers outside your immediate org, often non-existent.)
While changing, fiefdoms still exist. Very bloated and no clear strategy for the non enterprise business segment.
Always changing environment, vision isn't always clearly dictated
In my opinion, there are no cons to working for this company
Politics Metrics not rooted in reality Scorecards that are not your control - a bit too much Jack Welch of the 1990's
When I started, the company felt pretty young, even though it wasn't. Riding bikes or playing Frisbee in the hall were normal. By the time I left, things like that would have been frowned on. The company felt much more corporate.
lots of change in culture and direction from Sr leadership
University recruiting end-to-end time span could be shortened.
Amount of work, amount of change.
Strack ranking review model, cookie cutter 1st line managers
Field scorecard obsession is still an area that we need to get under control.
Sometimes teams are too large with too many cooks in the kitchen.
Lots of reorgs and Managers without the necessary skills
- Some internal "paperwork" processes may be difficult to navigate. There is plenty of help available - but this is definitely an area we can be better at.
Very political, slow to change direction.  promotions and to a lesser extent bonuses are based more upon networking and people skills than they are about job function or performance.
pay compensation compare to other competitor companies
Massive change at mid-senior management level right now. Very little direction can make it hard to see big picture at the functional and workgroup level. All old systems seem to be scrapped and tagged "bad" without anything to replace them which can be touch with such a large beast to maneuver, new CEO, lots of new people in charge. Will take another year for changes to net out to really evaluate what it's like as a place to work. Disappointing to see last round of layoffs - lots of great people and not a lot of explanation. Morale at risk in many groups.
Lots of change going on, realignment of teams, projects. Review model can still harm individuals. Lots of poor decision making in the past has led to mistrust and fear in some areas and teams.
Infighting, duplicity, bureaucracy, silos, self serving behaviors
Employees get good benefits, but very little perks at work. Most of the decisions come top bottom, very little engineering driven
1. You are almost limited to MS stack 2. Too many middle managements are playing the safe game to secure their positions 3. Things could be quite chaotic in the engineering team due to the change in QA team's job function
Few managers are biased while making decisions
There is so much opportunity that it's hard to step back and take a break. If you're the kind of person that wants to get a job and do the same thing for years, I don't think this is the company for you. I feel like, if even for a week or two, I don't make forward strides that I move backward. A little scary but challenge is good.
Inflexibility - Large company so slow to respond sometimes Sometimes too process heavy Cronyism can thrive in teams as a result of the large size of the company Recognition and Rewards system encouraged backstabbing and was generally an unhealthy process Lack of diversity - women, people of color
Big problems and lots of work to do.
Legacy & organization structures continues to hinder agility and innovation. Politics can really frustrate you. Review system is really over indexed on how your manager thinks of you, and I have seen smart people suffer and leave company based on that.
Those of us in support who have 15+ years are seemingly a part of management pressure to be past tense. To be expected as today's economy has college graduates with sometimes multiple masters degrees looking for their first good paying job. So, they get a lot of (usually) unproven talent at a bargain supporting the same application as a person with a lot of years experience.
The company's products are driven by the marketing departments. If marketing thinks the customers want something, then resources are dedicated to it. If marketing doesn't think customers are clamoring for something, it is actively resisted, because you get no rewards for creating features that marketing doesn't want. This means that innovation and creativity are inherently locked out of product development, because by their nature new ideas aren't yet being asked for by customers. It's foolish and short-sighted by utterly entrenched and every kind of compensation reinforces this policy.
Have to fit into the corporate model.
The adversarial stack ranking system has been made less transparent, but is still in effect. 10% of a team will get a 0 bonus every year. 0 bonus means you are done at Microsoft. A predictable system, combined with smart people who understand basic game theory means employees have to focus on internal politics more than doing great things if they want to succeed.
Microsoft isn't immune from the drawbacks of working at a large company. It's bureaucratic, it can be slow moving and decision making can be tortuous and often risk averse. The two biggest cons in my experience are that firstly your success will often be decided by who your manager is. Finding a great manager is probably the most important thing you can do. The second thing is that the company is focusing on younger, cheaper workers, so if you're getting into middle age and working in middle management levels or below, this probably is not the long term company for you.
Work environment not great in certain teams
Once you reach a certain level there is little opportunity for growth. It appears that those whom are most successful don't have a fair work-life balance.
Lack of long and short term vision that is realistic given the competitive environment, leadership out of touch with individual contributors, lack of clear career path, weak mid-level leadership, requires long work hours into nights and weekends
IT department is lagging behind the rest of the organization regarding customer focus and innovation. The new review process is still a work in process, as such not consistent across the company.
It seems like management is incredibly, cripplingly political. Without some turbulence at that level, there will be stagnation. Getting rid of the "process enforcers" and low-value add employees was a good idea, but there didn't seem to be a lot of attention focused on management structures that aren't productive.
Promotions almost impossible to get. Good managers not valued. Recent changes to review system are a mess, e.g., your typical manager still doesn't have a clue about your 'relative contributions' and definitely has little or no influence in compensation or promotion -- compensation still done by senior leadership behind closed-doors as before.
Too many reorganizations. Changed management several times over the past few years. Company is huge and you are a small part. Several managers are too technical and do not know how to manage. It is a cut throat environment and highly competitive, which doesn't allow for good team dynamics. The company does not focus on customer service. Field engineers are highly technical, but lack the soft skills. Performance reviews are not based off customer reviews.
Large company, too many layers, people worried about themselves and not the teams
Work-life balance is challenging. You'll need to plan days off several weeks in advance. Hours can be very demanding.
Not much, need to work a lot on training
None. This company has been very generous to its employees to the spoiling points. God bless you Microsoft.
WAY too many layers of management. Managers who didn't know how the product worked took over and everything deteriorated from there.
No interesting relevant prouts to work on. Very political - all TECHNICAL decisions are made on the basis of how to please the upper ups who are usually - to put it mildly - less technically savvy. What is valued is so called "visibility" rather than true quality of work. And the most ironic of all - while Microsoft is giving the customer one of the best development technologies and environments in the world, it greatly lagging behind in using it for its own products. Management is dominated by the "old school" people who worked in the company at 90s and sometimes in 80s. They invested tremends amount of time in old times coding skills and greatly resent if not always openly resent the use of moving forward with technology and skills coming up with ridiculous excuses to justify it.
Be prepared for intensive person-to-person, org-to-org combat. Blood bath happens twice a year, but the bodies are removed only in July. HR policies are near medieval. Narcissism is a valued art form and primary management motivation.
Not a very social or engaging environment - head down, work through lunch and go home atmosphere The company does not even pretend to have loyalty to their employees Management can be horrible or great, it varies. Not sure there is much accountability for being a good manager.
- Long work hours. - Politics in senior leadership roles
Big year of change but believe in their new direction
Political bureaucracy holds ups projects, everything moves slow because the company is too big and cannot move things fast enough, not through through decisions like removing FTE testers and PMs only to replace them with vendor testers and PMs because their teams were not prepared to switch to the new model of just developer and few PMs.
hard to move around within Microsoft, ex-MSFT folks have a bad reputation around Seattle, lots of process and red tape, SO many meetings
1. Your focus becomes too narrow and you get insulated from the world thereby become obsolete in the real world 2. Too much politics. 3. Microsoft gets work of 10 people from 6 people. It is a coal mine and will suck your life out of you. 4. if you get a jerk as your lead, your are stuck with him/her and that is the end of your career at Microsoft.
Did not like the politics. Not a great work life balance. SLAs were rigid and contractors didn't have very much room for anything else
Lots of changes going on, team and product changes, roles changes
Insufficient "transparency" in work done by people in a group makes it hard at review time to know where you rank in terms of production and impact. As a manager, my hands were tied by privacy rules when I tell someone they produced less than the group average but could not identify their peers who did so much more than them, especially if their peers were folks in another team in the group.
too many politics in the working place
Health benefits are more costly ever since Obama care was announced a few years ago. Work life balance can really suffer in some areas, especially where I am in the core Azure and dealing with excessive feature development due to 'playing catchup' with AWS. Some areas can still be super competitive despite being 'One Microsoft'.
Work environment has changed to a Civil Servant-ish one, if you're really book smart, and are good at the political schmoozing, you'll succeed, if you're a hard worker that just wants to be really good at what you do and be left alone, you'll fail.  Spend more time justifying existence than doing the job at hand, probably 20-30% of time is done in this exercise.
There is Lack of forward thinking and I feel we are always reactive
- Poor senior leadership team that does not listen. Head strong senior management that does not even listen to its immediate reports. Subtle retaliation if you speak up. Lack of transparency. - Poor quality of products due to reducing QA efforts.
No mechanism to challenge a bad manager review. Top down management.
Commute from Seattle to Redmond, company culture, no benefits for contractors, strange team environment
holiday hours are brutal but they will give you overtime expect to work 10-12 hrs a day
low base salary, slow move up the ladder
All parts of Microsoft are not equal. There are some teams like Bing where the work culture is far superior. So you need to make sure you join a good org within Microsoft. But if you work in an org with a lot of good work happening, your work life balance always suffers.
- Lots of Bureaucracy. - The way they pay and reward employees is similar to a communist system. Your level determines your pay grade regardless of the type of work you do. You could work 60+ hours a week (like me) on a highly technical project and still get paid as much as the guy working 30 hours a week (lots of them). - They company is to large and old. A lot of the upper management is stuck in old ways and it really holds the company back. Its seems some of that may change with Satya, but I wouldn't expect it to happen to fast. - Many people have titles they do not deserve, leading to bad assumptions about what person can do.
pay is below industry average, too much office politics
No cons what so ever, always room to grow
There is a "Gottcha" mentality within the retail division that seems to be spreading to the rest of the company.
The company is big so navigating it can be very challenging. Due to the old model of stack ranking employees, employees are very self promoting and culture gets a little political especially at more Sr level.
VTech is a Hong Kong company that does not have same values and culture as Americans. This results in inappropriate behavior by HK employees on occasion. The US HR department is generally incompetent and does not address inappropriate behavior and harassment in the work place.
Lacks focus, can't prioritize and therefore gets things wrong a lot of the time
After senior (63) and above, you spend most (literally easily 60%) dealing with politics, making sure you look good, watching out for yourself, covering your back, building alliances. If you choose to stay blind, you may survive if you have good management and they do these for you. Otherwise, no matter how good you are, how much great work you do, you may find yourself thrown under bus very fast, very unexpected and even your manager may not be able to save you. Politics are everywhere, don't get me wrong. However, since only people highly political can survive, senior and above is dominated and ruled by people who have their political empires and what matters most (and sometimes what only matters) is where you are in this political map. A minefield for technical people. It also kills your technical savvy by time and makes you irrelevant for the rest of the industry. If you choose to stay at MS at senior levels for extended periods, make sure you are still marketable or you become the slave of this system.
Your work at Microsoft prepares you to do your job at Microsoft, not a lot on the outside. Every year someone would get the bad annual review, which meant everybody is on edge for the rest of the year. What does that mean? Their is incentive for your coworkers to stab you in the back. Managers don't know much about your daily work, so presentation skills are vital to get the visibility you need to survive. No matter how much Microsoft wants you to have work-life balance, everyone ends up sacrificing it due to the threat of a bad review. That doesn't mean your boss wants to skewer you (he/she might, different story), it means everything is tinged with internal competition. Internal competition is more important than external, because the customers won't fire you, but your boss will.
Uncompetitive in mobile. cloud and phone. Lost it's vision. Reactionary company. Moving to another corporate thumb screw factory. Innovation is underfunded, executives are overpaid.
Very little ambition amongst the employees.
Everyone says that the culture has changed a lot. Reviews are cumbersome and require a self-written evaluation.
Culture favors developers and who you know in the insiders club. Innovation is long gone.
salary, politics, no free lunch
none except that chage management and hr are - well let´s say have areas to improve
Huge organizational structure can be challenging
You have to be in the good books of yr manager too...But i guess thats everywhere
So many internal metrics and scorecards that create false/meaningless priorities and lead to undeserved bonus'.
Due to all the reorganization and consolidation going on there's a lot of cutting and hard choices happening now and probably for a while longer. When all is said and done what was cut will likely make a comeback but right now much of the work is focused on table-stakes and platform code cleanup.  Also, if you want to work on any of the productivity or server products be prepared to find the most challenging job ahead. They're boring because the hurdles are in improving something that millions rely on every single day. Small changes take years to work through. This is can be a fun challenge or nightmarish political hassle depending on your point of view.  The company and most teams are largely run in a top - down model. Orders are driven down and individual contributors are left to figure out how to get it done whether or not data suggests a decision is good or bad. How development or design progresses outside of the edict can be influenced heavily from the bottom - up and with lots of good data and practice.
- bad politics and peformance review model - complex relationship
You are constantly on the job. The global nature of the teams allow for a wide range of experiences and interactions. But that also means that when you sleep, someone is asking you for something. Also, the company has more than its fair share of type A personalities.
Easy to get lost in such a large company and not see the value to the bottom line if you're not working on a key deliverable. Consistently behind delivering relevant products first to market.
Lousy culture, management resistant to change.
It is so big, it can feel like there re multiple companies. Working in the field has a completely different culture than working in Redmond (HQ). The old review model was terrible, but that is gone now.
It is very difficult to move up from the stores to corporate. There is no room for personal growth. Managers are only out to make themselves look better and refuse to help out the staff. They do not help you develop a career and make the job seem like it's dead end. Since the opening of the store several people have left because of the negative environment. The turnover is worse than any place I have ever worked at. No one even cares they will just hire more people. Store is extremely understaffed and it can be chaotic for the employees. Women are disrespected and men are favored. Male managers ignore everything you say if you are a woman.
It is a big company
company has become to big.in the effort to become one microsoft they do not communicate changes well.
Not an easy job, changes impact millions of users which can sometimes be very stressful and impact work life balance.
Too many leadership & org changes over the last year, new HR rating system in place still need to be tested.
Lot of politics, too many middle managers, personal growth depends on the manager, your perception is valued more than your actual work
Some who have been here a while are not grasping the changing environment well.
Lot's of churn and uncertainty. The review systems and stack ranking STILL exist even if managers deny it! (I was a manager there) This results in way too much dishonesty and "looking good" to managers to get top compensation. Folks are afraid of looking bad so there a lack of candor about issues.
Current rounds of layoffs are blowing employee morale
Lack of support for career growth.
Job transition within the company isn't easy and very structured. HR is clueless during interview process Letting direct manager have control of ranking can be mishandled because of inexperienced managers. Many managers have no skills in people management and function more as project leads. Lack of follow through in vision and uncoordinated leadership that lacks empathy.
very poor culture. politics wins over contribution. bias, partiality, nepotism.
New CEO firing nearly 20,000 to get rid of unnecessary layers of mgmt but most layoffs were for ICs. Mgrs retained and moved into IC roles for which they are unqualified.
Politics and all type A personalities!
Not a very entrepreneurial company
nothing as such but would say going in the right direction.
CEO change and recent layoffs have created some uneasiness with many of my colleagues. Would hope that those changes are behind us.
Stack ranking, overworked, compensation, people putting in face-time
From a contract point of view~ You're going to be disposable as a contract. The best thing to do about it is just accept it and do your work and not take anything personally. Don't get starry eyed about maybe going fulltime there, you will find at least a dozen contractors who have been going in and out for years and never gone fulltime (and many of them deserve it). Instead of hiring in, lots of jobs are being outsourced overseas. When your contract year is up, just take your 100 days off and hope you'll have work when your break is over. By the way, your "break" means unemployment, which means filing at the unemployment office and applying for jobs every week. This lifestyle as a contract will be forced upon you.  Lots of closed door meetings won't include you. You won't have any say on what level you work on, if you're moved to another team, and won't be involved in finding solutions. Even if you don't have any say in the matter as a junior, there's a lot that can be learned simply by being a part of meetings.  You'll be forced to use a contract vendor and they take a huge cut of your salary. There is no apply directly at Turn10 (this seems to be the Microsoft standard). You will end up working a ton of overtime into the evenings and weekends before deadlines. Don't be surprised if your lead gets to go home at a decent hour to have dinner because they have "family". You won't be given the same courtesy if you wish to stay valuable, whether or not you have a family of your own. If it's the holidays and you are forced to take time off due to studio closures, hope you saved up enough money so you don't take a big hit on your paycheck. Many contracts feel forced to work surrounding weekends so they can get a decent few days off for vacation. Any overtime hours must be pre-approved. Your lead sometimes will try to give you too much work for a 40 hour workweek and you'll be forced to work some unpaid hours to keep up with their demands or have to admit that this is more than 40 hours which makes you "slow" (work smart, not hard. But also recognize when the deadlines aren't feasible).  Due to the realism of the games, everything will be made off of strict supply of reference. This can be cool, but if you are an artist that likes to create orcs and dragons etc from an artistic vision rather than a realistic one, this job will be just that - a job. Don't get your hopes up about making anything for your portfolio either, all the cool stuff will most likely be outsourced. Not to mention there's so much overlap in the levels that nothing will really be your own to claim. Don't be surprised if someone takes the bulk of your work like a model, applies a texture that Tech Art made, and plops it in their portfolio claiming it as their own.  If you're not really interested in racecars or motorsports in general, pretend that you do. Learn how to act excited even when you're really not to better fit in with the studio. Don't bring up any interests you have that will make you seem weird or not part of the team. See if you can get an invitation to "Guys Night" on Tuesdays to get beer with your male-only coworkers (yes, this was a thing). Never mind the fact that most of the studio is male and that this is excluding the minority.  Upper management doesn't care about you personally. They care if you get stuff done on time and done well so don't get involved and thinking you're making friends with anyone (it's best to just accept this early on in order to function). Fulltime employees are too busy watching out for themselves within the Microsoft foodchain and don't care to mingle with contracts much.  People do get sabotaged in to losing their jobs here. Some leads will hold you back from allowing you to doing your job with conflicting and false instructions, impossible deadlines (not just difficult ones, impossible), create bugs and shift the blame to the contract etc. Upper management, HR, whoever, they don't want to hear about it or deal with it if you're contract. If the lead says you won't jump high enough, you're out no matter how much evidence you have of the lead being inadequate.  I've never been happier to end a contract. Out of the few jobs I've had in the game industry this was the worst of the lot. I would not recommend this to any one planning on going in as contract unless they really need the work. If you end up at Turn10 as contract never stop looking for other work in the industry. Don't commit to a job that will never commit to you.
In my group, the only way to move up was to kiss up to the manager. I had many, many years of great performance, then reported to this clown. It was all downhill from there. As a woman, I found the culture very difficult and sexist.
The last several changes to the review structure were awful (and still stack ranking without the official stack ranking), the drop in benefits took away one of the compelling reasons to stay, and upper management seems to have no idea what actually works and does not work. Work life balance stopped mattering to anyone a few years ago, and training budgets were a joke. A lot of lip service paid to developing careers, but no actual structure or plan for it.
Leadership is lost and executing a Walmartification employee approach. Vision is fuzzy and primarily backward justifying. No job security Petty, vindictive management
HR focus is on special groups leading to underperformers lingering.
you can not get change to touch core technologies , especially in very large teams. You only got very sliced chunks of work to do. Not good for your career development if you are ambitious.
No pay except to the pretty ones wait what thats wrong a lot of pay but not to me theyre like oh do you even work here
Some teams still to many levels of management and middle management making, but great talents in places like Bing.
Work/life balance can be challenging, lots of negotiations to get things done.
Re-orgs happen a lot at MSFT where you find yourself with a new boss or part of another organization. That experience means your the expert in your area and having to educate, prove your worth to the new manager. In the services world, it's pretty much 24x7 with email constantly flowing and there are on call rotations for everyone.
What's not so great? It's a different Microsoft today. The values the company expressed to its employees through benefits, salary, stock, and promotion opportunity have changed - some of it is related to Steve & Bill going, although the changes started before both of them left. The benefits are so-so today for a company of Microsoft's stature. The cut throat nature between groups and individuals is stunning - to get to Level 65 you have to demonstrate that you're willing to be ruthless and will stab a co-worker in the back. You can't succeed at Microsoft unless it is at the expense of a co-worker. Sad. You MUST be connected in order to get beyond Level 64. So many employees spend all their time networking and building those relationships at the expense of everything else. It's very disheartening to see those folks rocket up the career path to greater rewards (stock, salary, promotions) when, really, they haven't done much to advance the business. Those that focused on helping others to be great, who focused on doing the right thing for smart business? Well, if you haven't networked to the nth degree, you'll be stack ranked. The notion that Microsoft no longer stack ranks couldn't be further from the truth. My last review (and likely my last with the company) resulted in me being ranked at the bottom of my group despite having outperformed half of the group in terms of RBI attainment. Coming in at the bottom? Means you're out the door in 6-8 weeks. Period.  You will put in long hours, although to be fair, you have to do that anywhere to be successful. You will not have a pleasant work/life balance. I rarely recall taking more than a consecutive week for vacation in over twenty years. I lost vacation every year. I never took time off without having to engage at work in some form or fashion. Perhaps that's a fault on my end? Maybe - but it sure was expected.
Little to no investment in training or no truly dedicated HR department (outsourced.)
New review model TBD, large company
There aren't many cons. But can certainly do with more agility in processes.
You are just a screw.
This is a great year for Microsoft where company is making right changes. Unfortunately damage done by previous management is painful to cleanup.
it was stressful to meet the deadlines and I didn't have a good work & life balance
Only people left are the grave diggers.
Very smart people not always doing smart work. Overly dependent on vendors. Massive layoffs and furloughs for vendors is effective because of the inefficiencies, but hurts real people. Stack-ranking stills happens, despite mgmt. aggressively denying it.
low benefit, average engineering level is low too many managers
No talent management: Each group is an island. If your job is eliminated, HR doesn't look to see where in the company you might be able to find a similar job, they just say goodbye to you, and loose incredible talent, knowledge, and institutional knowledge. This should really bug stockholders that realize this churn is expensive. There is employee development, just no talent management.  There is a bit of ageism. Not by factor of age, but by factor of tenure longevity. Supposedly there is a finance formula that creates targets of longevity, pay, grade, and other factors when a reduction is needed. In the recent job eliminations in 2014, this theme of more tenured, therefor older, employees are let go, and evident just looking at the people carrying out their boxes. It was just too obvious.  Women seem to have much slower speed in advancement. Paid the same, but men move through the ranks quicker. It is easy to see, if 29% of the company is made up of women, then why aren't 29% of Midlevel to senior managers women? The company isn't a startup there are established people of both genders. The company has 50% sales, marketing, operations, these are not traditionally male centric roles.
Managers are rude and DOES treat you with respect. Favoritism is a big part of your promotion and even though you know and do every job in the building if your not kissing up no raise or promotion.
Long Hours, Challenging Work environment, Large number of open offices yet I'm sharing a work space with 12 other people.
Constant changes in the organization structure makes it hard to stay focused on anything for more than a year. Hard to build expertise because of that. Decline of benefits over the past 6-8 years has made the company's morale decline substantially.
Its big, it can be tough, and it isn't always a clear path in terms of work or your career path. Often you not the first to market.
* Too many organization changes * Some managers are terrible and should not be managers * Some Leaders lack vision.
High pressure/stress. Low on the work-life balance scale...but getting better.
Lack of strong leadership. Or maybe too many leaders.
Golden Handcuffs Rudderless Management Dirty politics for promotion and bonuses The "System" promotes anti-teamwork Watch out for MS lifers, they've learned how to work the system
* politics - this did not appear to be that bad years ago but got really bad * management - very bad with favoritizm all over. I know that manager generally don't know too much about details of each person's job but recently all my managers were completely clueless. Any issues, problems and help with improving/changing things were met with brush off. I strongly believe that bad management at lead level just trickles down from upper management. * recent firings let go of most valueable contributors and left lots of dead wood stayed around. I think that they should replace most of the management and try to build from there. * constant requests for feedback and such but this is only used to create meaningless reports and nothing useful happenes. Years ago we had a big drive to improve some metrics. Lots of meetings and such and it looked promissing. Then one day the whole thing died and was forgotten - pretty normal at Microsoft * I used to be loyal to Microsoft and there was big thing about people being most valuable asset. Over the years there was more and more of people as replacable and the firiing of 18000 people was just final "we don't care about people"  Am I being resentful for being let go? I guess I am but I am also try to be fair too. Most of biggest contributors that I knew were let go and almost every looser (people that have done nothing or next to nothing but had good connections) kept the job
Flattening of the organization without a real care for people who were previously managers. Gross management incompetence from the top down. Lack of accountability. Benefits on the decline. Review system hasn't changed (it's who you know like it's always been). This company has changed - for the worse.
ever changing orgs, you must learn to just go with it.
Poor review structure Encourages competition over teamwork
Constant re-orgs can be difficult to adjust to.
Career development is slow specially if you are young
Lots of differences between groups make it hard to really tell what Microsoft is. Besides, all what Microsoft made great is in transition, more and more the pitfall for success is that knowledge is no longer retained because talent is moving or leaving. While Microsoft is reforming itself in big strides the management quality in many teams is decreasing and putting way more pressure onto the staff, while the Agile Development not always helps to engineer the greatest solutions.
Several re-orgs in almost every group in Microsoft. Most of the times your manager will change every year. Things take time to get approval that slows down growth.
Tiring could be more 'fun'
bad management, bad management, constant looking over your shoulder
Leadership = No vision and promote based on popularity and not on real contribution Success = who has the most brown on their noses Incompetence = MSFT Management Lazy and no motivation = MSFT Culture Company dismal and failing outlook = Sataya N. Waste of time = useless 2hour and 4hour meetings debating terminology with seasoned professionals. (No wonders Google and Apple is kicking this companies butt and handing MST's butt back for lunch
but PM team is still largely irrelevant and slows the company down. Not sure if upper management sees it. Almost EVERYONE at the individual contributor level certainly does. PMs are mostly team admins, schedule meetings, write basic specs based on what they learn about the feature from their devs. Their specs serve no purpose other than to make themselves and their management feel useful. They are not at all technical and overall just slow down the system.
- it rains a lot :( - Lots of meetings
The term "constant change" is a gross understatement. Your personal experience will depend on multiple uncontrollable factors. For instance I had 3 different direct managers in under 1.5 years and a constant team changes. Your learning curve can be as long as a couple of years due to the amount of company/cultural change.
Iceberg minutiae of things...the number of approvals required up the change of command is frustrating - not agile. Don't make everybody and anyone a PM, some need to learn the ropes first and then become a PM. I understand there are superstars, but there are some who either can't PM or were put in that position and won't let go of what they used to do.  I am torn because working is a dream come true and, compared to other tech companies, it really is a spectacular place. But, I don't feel like I do as much work as I can - between the number of approvals needed and all the meetings, I feel stuck - I feel like we should be moving much faster.
Bureaucratic but it is changing fast
You can notice the dead-weight at times. It definitely seemed like Satya Nudella, the new CEO was trying to take the company in the right direction. While I would bet for them succeeding as opposed to against, you can tell there it'll probably still take a decent while.
You work on week-ends, can impact social life.
Frequent reorganizations on every product cycle - always scrambling to worry about where to land. Stack ranking still happens in many groups - just not "official" anymore. Performance rating and bonus determined by managers many levels above who have no idea who you are unless you do a lot of upwards lobbying and marketing of yourself and your team.
hard to grow,politics, senior management, lack of direction
Middle layers aren't implementing the message from the top
If you're someone who wants to fit in and not push the status quo, not a bad place to be. If you're politically skilled and are great at winning consensus battles, great place to be. If you just want to build great products and not worry about politics, maybe somewhere else is a better fit.
Senior management at times don't seem to be in sync with lower levels of the organization.
Microsoft still has work to do to fully embrace the new cloud-first world. Its extensive legacy is a relative guarantee of revenue, but is also a huge deadweight that hinders innovation. Not as sexy to work in as it once had been, so it may not be attracting the top-most talent anymore. Compensation is less that some of the competition. The entire technological stack is proprietary, which means that technical skills you learn will not be immediately applicable in Open Source shops without some adaptation.
Increased rigor in processes makes life hard. High, ambitious growth targets drive lots of pressure.
Poorly trained and executed leadership - management based on poor practices - short term thinking
Small market, and relatively small team. Limited upward opportunities. Can be very competitive.
Unfortunately my lead was an inexperienced lead. He micro managed and made the working environmnet very stressful. It very important to work under a good manager. Career growth is totally in the hands of your manager.  I have seen the team leads of other leads and they are very friendly and very mature. Work is very good but unfortunately work evironment was very stressful for me because of my manager.
SMSG scorecard culture has gone laughably overboard - time consuming and applied to everything. A cool-looking scorecard trumps real insight, actual impact and doing what's right for company & customers
If you don't self promote and communicate the right impact regularly you will not move the dial for raises, stock and promotions. You also need manage your role by understanding organizational change by balancing management communications with an outside in view of the business. You need to be good networker to plan your next role and find the right team and role to grow your career.
Upper management not very good at people management.
innovation rut in last few years
Managers play favorites based on personalities versus results, managers love flashy shining things versus content or substance, managers share personal information of their employees with the employee's peers, managers are often threaten by employees who know more than they do, and managers often do not have the background and experience to perform their roles and are often very defensive as a result.  Culturally, Microsoft has a challenge of too much in fighting, too many people worried about show casing sales type slides in PowerPoint versus the content shared being real or providing value to the company because managers do not understand what they should be looking at, no emphasis on results and more about marketing (mostly vaporware), too many arguments of a word or term such as one that remembered "what is a application versus a platform?" (I thought Microsoft should have known this by now), and the culture is one that no one can truly advance without stepping on others as a regular practice and declaring their work as your work.  Politically - this environment is the most politically charged environment that I have worked in. Of course there is politics in every company and very bad people in every company. However, not at this magnitude. Even Human Resources has told me in the past they see the bad behaviors and are working on it. So, I waited 8 years and still no improvements. Things have simply became worse than ever.
Big & Mature company means low agility some times
Change and Reorganizations is rampant. Very much internally focused (technology and process). Nokia integrations is a slog and an impact to recourses and culture. Microsoft often abandons technologies and projects. Still playing catch-up in the cloud.
Changing teams due to reorg might lead to losing people you enjoyed working with on a project.
Stack-ranking is gone, but the new review system is just as bad. In the old system, 10% of the team had to be given the lowest score, even if they were all great employees. Now, no one know how the system really works. It appears that the managers get to do whatever they want. If you can't demonstrate "impact", you'll get pushed out the door. The problem is that there is no definition of what "impact" can be. It is all up to your manager. If you don't have a good manager, then you are in trouble.
Horrible management. People in it for themselves and have no concept of what a good Manager should be like.
Managers spent too much time creating - you guessed it - PowerPoints for weekly meetings with senior leadership. No time for mentoring. I spent way too much time doing manual configuration work for our project that was necessary but didn't get lot of press (despite my best efforts to communicate it). My org was incredibly top-down, which just doesn't work when you're trying to quickly churn out incremental pieces. Once our major project launched, a lot of us got laid off, even after many spent countless nights and weekends trying to salvage the project. Of course, senior leadership wasn't impacted by the "job eliminations."
Too much politics and lack of customer focus. So many blunders at senior leadership level and product user experience.
Time spent during the review discussion was limited because the expectation is that this is a significant moment when proper coaching is required.
Microsoft technical is not welcomed outside of Microsoft.
* Highly matrixed organization * Preponderance of time spent on internal politics versus what's right for company and more importantly customer * Middle management that does little in the way of actual work or execution
nothing for the cons on company
You work a lot (though you get paid well.)
WAY too many managers (and of those, only a small percentage are of any real benefit to their teams or the company). During my MBA we studied Jack Welsh, former GE CEO and Chief Executive Magazine "CEO of the year". I recall Welsh noting that "managers should have ten (10) direct reports at the minimum, and 30 to 50 percent more if they are experienced" - that would be 12 to 15 direct-reports for a good manager. The teams I worked with in Windows Division and Developer Division had only 3 to 5 reports for each manager. Not only did this create on-going fiefdoms and turf battles but also lead to to excessive micromanagement. Many managers provided little real value to their team or the company. (And for many, their overriding focus seemed to be on their next promotion and bonus.) Customer needs and what was best for Microsoft were frequently sacrificed for bogus features sold to make the manager "look good". Once released, new products often fell flat so the next year they'd be off pushing some other idea (which often again, didn't meet any real customer needs). (It seemed that many managers are just going through the motions and putting in time to get their tenured "partner" status.) I got tired of the silly politics, fiefdoms, turf wars, and micromanagement. After 7 years at MS I resigned and am now at Google (so far, much better).
Work life balance can be very bad.
Annual performance review system was bad, but in process of changing
- Heavyweight performance review process - Lots of meetings - Corporate politics and good ol' boy networks - Intense peer competition of individual contributors for fear of being "managed out" - Poor communication from management to IC's about organizational restructuring - 3 organizational restructurings (re-orgs) within 2 years - Company-wide shift to "combined engineering" (SDE and SDET are no longer separate disciplines) in progress. - Company-wide flattening (removing the first layer of management) in progress. Leads have to become IC's, which is a demotion as far as resumes and career growth are concerned. - Company-wide shift to maintain talent by allowing anyone to change teams without notifying their manager - Only young folks. Rarely will you find an engineer over 50. - Cost of living is very high in the Seattle area. Housing is even higher than SF bay area.
May feel slow paced in some teams.
Comparatively lower pay v/s competitors, Software Giant experiencing fierce competition and in the steady decline
Microsoft management does not have an ounce of moral fiber. Instead letting people go as RIF, they putting them through the psychological beat down and humiliation of being "Managed Out" so they don't have to pay any severance package!  They are slowly working their way down the list and I'll be very surprised if they're not #100 by end of 2015.
In my limited can experience tinge of politics, u need to be aware of that to sail through
Performance review system basically encourage competition inside the team. Salary is not very competitive in current industry.
Worst Worst Worst, and again worst management structure.. Total broken attitudes of pointing fingers at employees for a total management failure.. No matter how smart you are, how well you perform, if your manager is having attitude sickness, you are done.. and the beauty is, you cant report it anywhere. They make your life hell, they create a hostile environment, and pressurize people... Icing on the cake.. Utter political game in the company.. Its all about who knows who, who is friend of who..  I was in a team where the entire team thinks in one direction, the manager thinks the opposite, and stuff happened.
The company is struggling with massive amounts of change coming from the new CEO, especially in marketing. Microsoft marketing is very unstructured, lacking ability to understand or utilize data to make informed decisions about customer interactions. Because it is such a political place, teams will often group together to discount an individual or team that attempts to create structure via analytical marketing. Marketing campaigns are often not measured, and the monetary waste and lack of frugality is substantial. The company overall lacks a pulse on their customers' interest/pain points/goals, especially in B2B.  Leadership lacks vision, long-term goals, and ability to simplify or communicate. Management is highly political, some teams hire groups of people to pad for a riff without ever attempting to develop the new employees. Employees typically spend time managing vendors and lack the understanding of how the job is actually done. With technical roles, the vendor teams who are in the details will often indicate roadblocks that, if the FTEs understood the details, wouldn't exist.  Although the company used to freely promote from within, promotions are much more difficult to come by now.
slow to act, w/l balance is off
Highly politically charged environment where real contribution can go un-noticed.
Lots of internet companies are using none Microsoft technologies like hadoop, java, rails. It's a little hard to reuse your skills. Since Microsoft's layoff, you can't apply PERM for at least 6 months.
Typical large company mentality. Culture is still more competitive than cooperative. Front managers have almost no management skills.
It is a very internally focused/centered culture, with lots of layers of middle management. Responsability gets dilluted. Good perks.
As with any big company, bureaucracy in some processes exist.
Dealing with rude, ignorant customers that refuse the help and resources we have to offer them. Also inconsistent schedule, but consistent hours.
Culture still needs work, still very individual focused vs team
Management is clueless, acts on impulse, paranoid for no reason. Management is more focused on how to poorly rank the engineers instead of coming up with a competitive product road map.
- Big company and everything negative that comes along with it - politics, miscommunication, self-promotion, etc. - Some employees don't contribute, but are still rewarded because of the above - Some products feel out of touch with competition and market - Somewhat out of touch with industry best practices and could do a better job of catching up
No sales culture, huge quotas, high commission threshold, little overachievement.
So much constant organizational change that it's hard to get settled. Plus, often questioning broader strategy and ability to actually grow the products we were working on. The talent assessment process in terms of bonuses was absurd and ineffective, based more on politics than actual contributions (and I believe it has been changed since I left).
lack of clear leadership to take the company ahead
Horrible and incompetent management, company is full of back stabbers, lazy individuals who are very defensive and often shoot down people who try, and full of "YES men" Worst company I have ever worked for in 15 years. Culture is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!! And, the stack rank system (although rebranded) is still alive and well.
No free lunch. Manager controls most of the things.
With recent changes in the company its really chaotic.
Being such a large company can give the impression of feeling disjointed and sluggish. Plan on figuring out your job on your own with little guidance.
Bad management and bad policies towards evolving technologies
coming from the outside it's hard to get up to speed.
Good enough syndrome. Brain drain.
It is a very big company
The enormous product portfolio makes it tough to set an overall direction with which everyone can align. If you're not aligned with the current "true north," it can be difficult to accomplish your goals. The result can be a baseline level of politics and position jockeying that can be discouraging at times.
Annual performance evaluation process is quite convoluted
Back stabbing, deceit, racist, sexist culture. Most devious and self promoting engineers win. If you want to do good engineering work then go somewhere else. If you love politics and outsmarting your peers then this is the place for you.
Duplicated work Competition Politics Heavy Process Legacy systems Slow in development
Frequent re-organizations put a limit on what can be done. Anything that can't be done within the time between re-orgs (6-12 months) is unlikely to ever be accomplished. Acquisitions are used to make up for a lack of internal organizational ability.
Ideas can sometimes get lost in the mix. Microsoft is still way behind the competition, both in development practices and in shipping products. Growth is also really slow unless you're willing to sacrifice your work-life balance.
Company is struggling to regain a position of leadership in a number of area. They just laid off a bunch of really good people because the Board wanted to jump the stock price. The old review model completely sucked. They've tried to address this but the jury is still out. The management hierarchy is too steep with two many personal fiefdoms. They are trying to flatten it, but the jury is still out. The long term future of the company remains doubtful.
1. Less learning opportunity. 2. You will not get good motivation in work as work culture is not what it used to be earlier. Now focus has shifted from core innovation to business. 3. Very frequent re-org. It becomes very hard to settle new guys in team. 4. Here Developers are mostly focused in covering their ares so that they should have secure jobs. It makes very hard for new hire to get settle as very few would be interested to share their work.
Health insurance used to be top notch now it pretty much isn't. Extremely political.
Poor work life balance. We almost never get our schedules more than a few days before the new work week. Even then, they change nearly daily and you get push back if you dared to make plans on a day that you had off on one of the previous versions. Be prepared to perform duties above and beyond what your job description calls for with no training, no raise, no extra compensation. Just a whole lot of stress and very low morale. Reviews are only given when you hound management, and even then don't expect a raise. There is NO pathway from the retail level to corporate if you are not coding or designing.
You will work hard, but mostly from a learning curve point of view. Work life balance will become a problem if you don't get it under control. Some of the software development practices are quirky and unexpected. Development model is waterfall trending agile-ish.
Review system forces people to focus on their personal goals in the competition against team members instead of working towards common goals. No matter of your contribution or how well you work with feature crew the personal relationships with your manager and further in the chain of management are crucial to the formal success. Team often loses technically strong people due to this non-technical reason. Many of the office spaces do not have windows. This is an awful experience not to see a glimpse of the natural light during the whole day.
pay and benefits, pay is below market and benefits are not as fruitful as before career path is limited in the field, hard to maintain strong employees in such a competitive local market
- Political - Dilbertian - The review process is ridiculous - Good teams are rare - People are usually disempowered
Microsoft is living a bit in its own bubble in Redmond.
Perception that a linear career path means an employee is incapable, when many folks like to keep their hands 'dirty.' Also, without a large management defection, there are fewer options for upward mobility for higher 'levelled' employees (65+). As opposed to the current middle management reduction that should never be backfilled. Performance process hinders synergy and work/life balance. Changes to the review process have started, but it will be interesting to see how the new system is deployed and how employees are rewarded, when so many organizational changes are in play. That is, how much can leads put into employees, while wondering if their team is next on the chopping block.
A big company and still can take long to try and get things done.
It feels like the company is trying to copy competitors' processes without a lot of thought on why those work for them, what could work for Microsoft and how to work with existing team engineers to do so.  I've had three managers this year. I know people that have had up to seven. I've had 4 different roles since January because of reorgs. Many people left our team because of the uncertainty and changes. It feels like we've spent the entire year shipping an org structure, not products.
Poor management. Employees are disillusioned with HR and management. Too many PM's running around doing nothing and taking most of the credit with "visibility". There isn't enough work to go around so devs just spend time doing their pet project until it gets cancelled and they are re orged and moved. Too many reorgs and moves!!!! Not agile by any stretch of imagination.
WLB will be tough because you will need to work long hours, and the performance review process is still cut-throat. it may change over time, but it will take a while to "purge" the "stack rank mentality" pervasive across the company
Sometimes small but critical accomplishments get slipped through the cracks
Pick the wrong product team that cannot compete in the marketplace and you will be screwed with multiple re-orgs, co-workers fighting for survival doing "make-believe" busy work, politics, and frustration with lack of business progress.
Too many changes going on so there is a lot of uncertainty about a number of things.
On-the-job training opportunities at my last position were pretty minimal. Working on the same project for a year can lead to subject matter fatigue and feeling jaded when the developers punt every major design change to an ephemeral 'next sprint.'
Too much overhead sometimes for shipping products. Need to move faster.
Lots of movement recently, probably not good for new comers or people looking to stay long.
Didn't love re-hashing goals every 6 months, reviews were tedious, and way too frequent reorgs.
A lot of transition means searching for answers. First it was Software + Services, now its Cloud First, Mobile First. There is a huge push to begin LOB selling, but unfortunately Microsoft doesn't sell much in the way of business solutions, it sells plumbing, so actually figuring out what to do is a struggle sometimes.  Quotas go up but customers remain the same, so its squeezing existing customer bases for money. Audits are up and customers are not happy. High quotas mean its tough to be too much over 100%, so payouts are limited.  Microsoft is increasingly left behind - going into a customer to talk about Windows 8 Apps and Windows Phones while everyone has an iPhone and an iPad just underscore how out of touch Microsoft got and quickly it was passed by.
work life balance is sometimes a challege
Health benefits are not the same, used to be better.  Promotion time frame is dependent on the group you work for. It is much easier to get promoted in some groups where as very difficult in others. I've seen people waiting for promotion for 4-5 years despite being very talented. There is still some friction/politics between groups, however things are moving in positive direction. Inter company transfers doesn't allow level changes.
The IT organization is poorly run and it does not matter how well you do your job but who you know. The best performers are seldom rewarded and there is way too much politics.
Leadership and management don't know what to do, and are more interested in proving to the higher ups that they are making some artificially designed metrics then creating good software.  Constant team shake ups and project changes mean that you never develop much expertise unless you take it upon yourself.  Culture is atrocious, most are only concerned with their own progress and will do every thing you can to throw anyone else under the bus. Management likes to take credit for employees work. Unsurprising, as performance is measured on a sliding scale rather then any real metrics.  Good english is not required, which makes communication a big issue.  Movement between roles is almost non-existent, although they use it as a hiring draw.  Due to high turn over, management tends to be drawn from outside groups, and they have little to no knowledge of the project.
Microsoft is evolving, mean while the lay off's hit hard, and all the changes make things a little more unclear and uncertain...
The company is in the middle of a major realignment. They may seem to be not agile enough for the modern world.
sometimes, team dependency defers development efficiency
Less responsibility due to the largeness of products. Career growth is slow compared to small companies.
Too narrowly focused on cloud, no innovation for mobile and emerging markets.
Individuals don't work as a team. During the interview, managers spoke of hiring me for process improvements. By month 3, I was told to not focus on process. Pay want that great based on the hours worked.
If you want a career you simply have to live in Seattle, which cuts off hundreds of great talented people from making Microsoft more successful.
Depending on the team, can be overly political and slow. Culture is very entrenched and slow to change. Performance model legacy leads to negative behavior
Management and Politics at work place
Problematic PR which still flubs the message of otherwise-great products way too frequently, and a devices strategy that's taking way too long to produce great high-end phones. Love the Surface Pro 3 though.
The company has great values, and in it's recent efforts to become more relevant again (and undo some of the bad publicity wrought by Ballmer's waning years) it has really reminded the industry that they are still a force to be reckoned with. Purse strings and resources are getting tighter and this makes it difficult. The recent layoffs don't seem really smartly planned, with lots of great people being let go while other non-performers remain. Benefits are still good, but have been reduced year over year to where they aren't much better than anyone else's. I remain bullish on Microsoft's future, but think they have a way to go to get to where they want to be.
- People don't believe in us.. frustrating to see it in the media - PMs...... too many of them doing mindless / useless features for their own job security - MSIT absolutely sucks
Not always enough time to meet deadlines
Politics and self preservation are taking precedent of making Microsoft and their customers successful.
Leadership can sometimes hold you back. Too many people who have been here for a really long time are occupying positions in middle management without making much of a difference to the product/people. Many of these people are too rigid to change and are opposed to any semblance of a change. This is usually the source of slower innovation. I am however optimistic with the arrival of Satya though. He is making the right noises and backing it up with some sound decisions.
When I joined Microsoft, I was the happier person in the world but that vanished really fast, the company behaves like an Italian family where you need to find a godfather to get recognition, otherwise no matter how hard you try or well connected you are with you peers and skip level you won't go any higher. It is very frustrating to see over an over how people that are not doing their job right, people that do not have people skills, and people that are just not prepared get promotions not deserved. If you are a big brown nosed, this might be the right place to you.
Political envt Need more employees with experience outside of ms - too many 20 plus year employees Too much flexibility to move around resulting in leaders in misfitting positions Poor planning structure and change management internally at very large company making it hard to follow direction.
gloomy weather, food, the city could be bring at times
None. This is the best company I've worked in.
You need to take control of your own work life balance. Otherwise, you will end up working much more than you want.
When I started, management in my group was all about finding the people who best fit a given job, even adjusting the job to take advantage of particular skills. Starting a couple of years before my departure, and continuing, the upper levels seem to be trying to componentize everything, forgetting that creative people don't work well as interchangeable components.  Stack ranking may be gone, but I have doubts about its replacement. The new review system may not look like less cutthroat, but if anything it's harsher than the old one.
Bad review system and lack of transparency in review system
Many management layers that scrutinize and re-scrutinize decisions (justified by the complexity of the products in my opinion) , slowing down execution.  People that have been around since the days of shrink wrapped software, that have a hard time adapting to the services times.
The sheer BAD managers. You'd be burdened with one suddenly and your life is ruined. The TERRIBLE annual review process--as they were. Apparently they've changed since but the people running them have remained the same... mostly. The excessive bureaucracy which sometimes seem to suffocate your normal day... or in accomplishing something that could otherwise be done with far less stress, effort or pain. The simple impossibility of changing roles... the "rules" say you can but reality usually bites. Badly. You need to be "pulled"...
The company has become very bureaucratic. There is a lot of redundancy. Teams do not always talk to one another to ensure the best processes are being utilized for the company.
The politic sucks. Leadership does not know where they are going. Things are changing, so hopefully it is for the better.
Not moving fast enough and could move faster
Too large, too many chefs and menus in the kitchen.
Due to the fact that it is a really large company with over 100k employees, things are moving very slow. In order to get an employment verification letter, you need to make a lot of calls and send emails. A ton of mandatory training. Luckily they are online and video based.
Some are doing minimal work, extra hard work not recognized. no passion
Lots of silos. Too many failed or poor quality projects/products, and too often no one cares or there are 'higher' priorities. It's baffling how broken things are internally, but I guess that's what you get with a company tho massive.
There's push for sales in kiosk stores. Monthly reviews for entry level employees are based on sales/attach rates while customer assistance and contributions to the store are rarely in the review. Management team can get stressed when not making store sales goals especially in kiosk stores since the end goal is to convert in to an actual store. Transfers between stores and/or promotions require going through the entire interview process.
Culture varies depending on the division and team, really important to look at fit within the team and not just the role Lots of people who have been at MSFT for a very long time and who should have left a long time ago! Too many vendors and reliance on vendors
work life balance, management, HR
Sub-average management Too much politics Unclear goals Culture in transition
It has been 3 years since the first Microsoft store opened in Arizona and they are still considered a baby of a company. It is still very scattered in terms of how leadership runs the operation. Corporate changes the plan frequently to find out what works and what doesn't work. They are making great efforts towards finding an ideal functional operation however if you want to take on this role be advised you will need to adapt to an ever changing environment. Also this is retail which means argumentative people walk into the door and they can be harsh and rude because they are freaking out about how their computer is not working. The feel at justice if they take it out on the first people they see representing this company. You will have to learn to let them vent and be as nice as possible because your rudeness will only make the customer more angry.
Company is having a hard time staying relevant. Seems like a constant and conflicting changes in strategy. It's hard to be heard if you have a good idea. Not good clarity of company strategy communicated within the company.
Lacks diversity of personality types. People of certain personality type are preferred up the order. Who you know (politics) matters more than what you accomplish. Management takes the right course eventually when all the bad ones are exhausted - no wonder the competition is way ahead. Collaboration is a challenge when there is a back stabbing environment. Most managers are incompetent to be managers. There is a very formal engagement model for a tech company - Principals engage only with Principals and not folks below them till their higher ups are copied in the email.
Management is bloated and inefficient and at times you feel like a worker bee in a vast colony that doesn't pay attention to you.
Challenges with office politics, work-life balance, career development. Fast paced environment leaves little time for anything else. Something to consider/ask yourself: does having good benefits outweigh work/life balance?
Different divisions at the company having different perspectives can be demotivating and disappointing for both customers and employees. It is hard to influence top level strategic decisions even if you're pretty senior. If there's one thing I'd change at Microsoft, it'd be to make it a requirement for different divisions to work collaboratively. In spite of being a great company that has transformed the world with its products and services and contributed to so many good causes, Microsoft was never perceived to be cool when I worked there and the press and the perception can sometimes make you feel bad.
Work-Life Balance (but ultimately this is up to you) Significant shifts in the company in terms of management due to recent changes
Budgets get cut 30% every year yet expectations for growth are continually increased. The old boy network and bully culture is still alive but is not getting fed and rewarded as it used to be. Very political and bureaucratic. Hard for an individual contributor to be promoted.
Maintaining a work life balance is very challenging. Too many corporate re-orgs which had had a tendancy to drop morale or cause a heavy cut throat environment..
It's so big that sometimes you can get lost or overlooked if you aren't a self-promoter.
treated bad, other workers where very stingy and acted like gamers rather then working professionals, I was on call, job availability was bad, I quite but they keep calling me in to work to this day, no advancement to the actual Microsoft buildings, very low pay
Need to understand folks outside Microsoft doesn't think that Microsoft does online services.
Too much politics. Whatever happened to meritocracy.
Not so sure about the exec leadership. The pendulum has swung way too far with regards to flattening the org. There are a lot of very unhappy people right now that really question exec management's decisions. Don't expect the system to just work and you will be good...it often doesn't work at all.
Politics, inability to attain promotion, a system which allows bad managers to continue in management, long term prospects.
Most groups require long hours Decisions are made in a vacuum and slowly Most groups could be more customer-centric/end-user centric
Too many. Also, there is limited mobility between groups. This is a major challenge.
Heavy processes, everything took forever to release.
Horrible leadership, leadership team was self serving.  Work/Life balance is out of balance.  Once I was labeled a "5", it was a horrible two years of arguing every discussion. Manager lied about my performance in order to meet attrition metrics.
low drive. too much politics. slow promotion. slow growth.
Internal transfers are not very easy or encouraged. Definitely doable though. Currently going through lay offs which caused some worry among employees. Reviews are stressful with the curve system. They have been trying to improve this but it is still true. You might end up in a group with a bad work-life balance, you have to do your research if you value that.
Big team comes with bureaucracy
The work is micro-focused. Politics is how people move up. Rating system is mostly a popularity contest. Gets worse the more senior you get.
Long working hours, not many opportunity for grow, recent company layoff made people feel unstable and lost motivation.
long working hours .. .. ..
Review system (stack ranking), politics, people getting promoted for the wrong reasons, have to spend at least 25% of your time managing up. Hard to make a difference. No innovation. You can tell that people get sucked into the system and would have a hard time functioning at any other company.
For me, it was the rapid and constant change in recent years. It seemed like our team re-orged every six months to a year, or we lost people due to layoffs and didn't hire anyone in their place. As a result, the work those people were doing had to either be spread out across the team or just dropped. Also, you never feel really safe, performance or seniority doesn't seem to matter in layoffs.... Also, our team direction seemed to be constantly changing, and in later years, the leadership became micro-managers. Everything had to be signed off to the point that the leadership team became a bottleneck.
New CEO is taking things downhill fast by getting rid of test teams. Quality of internal releases has been getting worse for the last 6+ months with no sign of getting better.  They tout positive work life balance, but if your product is at all behind, which happens often, you'll be working more hours than you can imagine. You don't earn comp time, so you have to just suck it up if they say you need to work a weekend.  If you get an unjustified poor review you have little to no recourse. If you happen to get on a bad team, or a team with ineffective managers who won't stand up for you, you are screwed. Good luck trying to transfer, because other teams will be wary due to the review.  Re-orgs happen ALL the time. This can make it incredibly difficult to have any sense of stability in your role, because you will regularly have a new manager.
Too big of an organization. more agile/startup mentality is needed
Most places though are cesspools of politics, and often you win by gaining power, and you gain power by putting people down.
People are not warm, and generally very self-serving. My last manager was incredibly arrogant, condescending and took credit for he work I was doing, without giving any recognition for my contributions. I was his only direct report for more than a year. How much sense does it make to give someone a team of ONE? It certainly didn't prove that he could be an effective manager.
Culture of How vs What creates a bad work environment. Poor overall results and loss of market share speak for itself
Only some groups at Microsoft actually do work that drives the company forward. Most of the company seems to spend their time justifying their existence at Microsoft.
Benefits have been trimmed recently, work-life balance can be tough. Coordinating cross-group can be a challenge
A big problem toward the end of my tenure at MS was process and compartmentalization. I'm sure this is a problem with a lot of large companies, but I felt over the years that different groups were spun off to tackle different problems during the shipping of Windows. This sounds good, but in practice it leads to conflicting priorities between groups with the focus less and less on the end goal of shipping a quality, innovative product. For example early on in Windows, test and dev teams owned their own test labs and machines. Now its set up such that there is a lab team and an execution team and their priorities are to keep the lab clean and machines busy, which isn't always the best thing for the dev/test teams trying to ship a product.  Also, another thing to watch out for is competition. MS competitive review model can lead to grandstanding and throwing people under the bus for the sake of ones own review. Some competition is good, but not when it leads to these negative results, which I have seen.  Last I would say is honesty of execs. Because of the layoffs and the way they were handled by execs, the morale of the Windows group is pretty low. Some of the recent confusing directives from Windows execs on what exactly is the job function of a SDE and SDET and the constant reorgs are taking a toll.
The culture is very development focused and shifting to devops. This is a con for me as I am a hands-on technical engineer. I expect that a development background will be required moving forwards. Work-life balance has improved for my group over the last few months with organizational changes and sharing of responsibilities across geographies, but there are some groups where that is far from the case. Make sure you get clarity on that if it is important to you.
Upper management sometimes makes strategic errors and then instead of paying up for their mistakes, they just fire engineers in droves
Upper management sometimes makes strategic errors and then instead of paying up for their mistakes, they just fire engineers in droves
Some politics, big corporate culture and slow to change.
Because it's a big company with a tall hierarchy, communication and organization of teams can sometimes be a problem. The result can be pointless kind of punting of responsibility, or the opposite, of fighting over territory. I don't know why this happens, but it reeks of bad management and too much of it.  There are many areas of Microsoft where it is hard to make a big difference. Some projects are bogged down by scope creep from feature requests over years. Other areas are just more risk averse. This results in a slogging kind of maintenance work instead of developing cool features.  This company attracts people who are exceptionally smart, but also lazy and greedy. Once well established, the smart and lazy thing is to hold onto their power and money instead of taking the risks of innovation- and often these are the type of people in upper management, who have been there the longest. I am sure you could say that about any large company but Microsoft may be a special case. Being a company that ballooned several times over in a short amount of time, it was inevitable some people got promoted too much, too quickly.
Like anywhere you can get into a really great group or a really dysfunctional one. I had the luck to be in a really great group that encouraged you to look beyond your job description and really push to make things better.
Review system that pushes people to look out for themselves instead of being team focused. I used to love working there but due to selfish co workers who have no concept of team work and management who forgot what moral and team focus are the fun faded away.
Large company atmosphere is not the best if you are looking for a more personal experience.
Perks are not that great
totally data driven, 18 months in one position before you could move on to another, exceptions only if your manager agreed
Very political, empire building is alive and well. If you don't find a guardian, things can get dicey. Fight to remain relevant in putting a lot of pressure on the workforce.
The con is the lack of upper management support. They care too much of the big picture and not really of whats going on.
constant reorgs - hard to keep track of people you might even work with a month ago. non-inclusive culture. Silo'd organizations prevents collaboration. FTEs are usually on edge around performance review time. FTE's/Teams from different groups/orgs won't provide assistance on projects unless they get approval from higher ups, or if there is political or personal gain.
Bureaucracy, Large Company, Pay, Politics
It's a big companies and not all parts of it are great. Some places encourage long hours. But there are a lot of good teams too.
some team have too much polictics
not the same microsoft culture as 20 years ago, not as laid back as it used to be
If you don't fit the mold you are marginalized. Once you get into senior bands the politics overtake the work. They reorganized in an attempt to modernize and improve, but the people with the power protected their positions and nothing really changed.
Multiple layers of middle management that have been with MSFT for over 10+ years and have become good at gaming the system and politics rather. Many employees have simply become drones. They don't challenge the status quo, as that is seen as rocking the boat, which has been used by mgmt to withhold bonus pay. Very slow to catch up on mobile... even today, the major products groups don't have a game plan for Android. Not like mobile is new at this point. Matrixed organization doesn't assign accountability appropriately.
Promotions and bonuses processes are extremely abusable allowing managers to distribute based on opinion rather than proven merit.
Stack Ranking system , Slow growth , Diplomacy at higher levels
Top heavy and many layers of management that are unnecessary.
Too many meetings. has curve. tech are too specific. speed is not fast enough.
Politics - like all big companies. Find a sponsor and follow them around, you'll be fine.
too much politics. As an IC, contribution is not recognized. bad review system. Most leads do nothing other than people management, in order to show their accomplishment, they make simple things complexity.
New performance review is even more subjective than stack rank system
Change is frequent and may not always be for the better. However, this makes you more adaptive.
It's a big company. Matrix. Politics. Span of feature control.
Very political and bureaucratic at times. Company is shedding middle management like crazy right now.
Very siloed organization, it is not easy to move around internally. Over-emphasis on the 'level' of employees vs. what they may be capable of handling.
Company Values: In short, you will be treated like a broiler chicken. If they need you honey and milk will flow, otherwise they will show the door. Even when you could be redeployed, they dont do, they just fire you. No consistent strategy. Team change every six months. My team was changed four times in two years and asked to perform :P . Lower level employees fired , for the failures of senior management.
People managers need to be more consistent. Execs need to listen if there is issue with direct manager. Forced attrition causes great people to lose jobs regardless of talent or tenure
new functional organization has decreased accountability, leading to some less than optimal decisions -
During the past year, there has been too many organizational churn. As a result, some people have left the company. The attrition has been an issue in the online group, because there are many external opportunities in the Bay Area, and not as many internal opportunities. Being in a satellite campus is an issue. Number of opportunities outside of Seattle area is low, and some projects are not as interesting.
The company is very large and changing rapidly now, one of the tough things is they are bad at choosing managers. A lot of my friends have moronic/incapable managers who are ruining talented devs. Also there are a lot of silos of knowledge, however this is decreasing a lot more now.
To succeed you HAVE to live in Redmond. If that's your thing, fine. But if it isn't, well, you're done. Satya's huge gaffe at #GHC14 says it all - not supportive of technical women.
You'll need to work as though you were in a start up without the reward. It wasn't always this way, there was a period in which managers didn't want their employees to burn out, that has changed. Don't stay in one group for long, those I've seen doing great moved around gaining new skills making them more valuable.
work life balance, competitive work culture
Long hours, high pressure, lot's of Type-A personalities
Low EQ in some team leads, team leads/culture after re-orgs or moves can turn to be a coin toss, I've had incredibly talented/mature/mentoring/technical/high EQ managers, and then very poor people managers out to squeeze as much work out of people with no personal interest in team.
50+ hours per week Changing job description with little to no input from current employees in that position Treating employees like "just another number" Offshoring too many jobs Work-life balance is horrible, even when you're experiencing trauma in your personal life Little to no guidance on training, moving to another position Technical leaders are promoted to executive management with little or no experience in management and no traing. Lack of communication - changes made to your job position or department are made and no communication to employees Too much focus on metrics and not enough focus on employee enrichment. Competition between employees in the same role discourages collaboration and mentoring
Relatively slow moving - changing, but not as fast as I would like. As with any big company (possibly little more) - politics, bureaucracy and back scratching/stabbing abound. They just don't seem to get "performance and people mgmt." right, largely. Plenty of folks in middle mgmt. (especially on business i.e. non-engg. side) who got there just by paying time dues - this is a problem for smart, aggressive people.
Many folks are entrenched in their areas (read: been here for 10+ years), so becoming a go-to person is harder and harder by the day.  Can get crazy at times, esp. since the embracing of the cloud in the last few year.  Forget about formal training, etc. you are basically on your own. Find a mentor quick, read/debug code - that's the best way to learn. Way too many building moves recently, seems like 1-2 times a year is becoming the norm.
- Work is piled in a way that you can flexibly decide when to work 16 hours per day. - The ranking system seems to be gone, but the internal culture and people still enforce it. In the review system there is a "check box" equivalent to a rank of Underperforming. - You can do your job perfectly (no errors) and on time and still be pushed to an Underperforming status compared to your peers. - If you care a lot about your work's result this company may or may not be a good fit for you, it all depends on how many tasks you can perform at the same time.
The new CEO is destroying this company with his KARMA
Bureaucracy and lack of internal cohesion impact the execution and decision making processes. Would rather hire new personnel instead of cultivating the current talent pool thereby diluting the company culture. There does seem to be a sense that you are competing with your leadership for the same position. Thus, transparency is also a concern.
Work-life balance can sometimes be an issue, but I nearly always was able to get time when I needed it.
Cultural shift is part of changes and life. Keep looking ahead about who is moving the cheese and you will do fine. Nothing is a con here really if your are alert.
worklife balance is not usually a priority
Bad managers can make life hell Reviews are no longer transparent, much more subjective Unclear strategies for key markets
Bureaucracy/internal politics hampers execution, slow delivery
Politics Sometimes groups are not aligned to company vision Work life balance can suck when you have a bad manager
Used to be that we didn't pay a dime for health care but now there are out of pocket expenses. Perks are not up to par with the rest of the software giants, free food, massages, maternity leave etc.
Cannot bet on Windows and Office for the next decade! New market is needed to keep the giant ship from slow sinking. The company is not successful in working out the next new game-changing product line for > 10 years. The company lacks design and style: Windows Phone becomes a joke, Windows 8 is hard to use for many consumers (although the file system is great). Too many levels of hierarchies to get start-up ideas through to the top management.
Politics becomes a part of your everyday pretty quickly as you move up in the company. There is a lot of overhead to get sign off on changes and move forward with something new. They want to be agile, but this is the biggest obstacle in actually being good at it.  There is a lot of pressure for moving up. This is a good thing in a lot of respects, but can be stressful if you find yourself on a competitive team where moving up is difficult, or if you want to coast for a while career wise and focus on other aspects of life. It's not the place you can just do good work and not worry about promotions. If you're not moving up, you are eventually moving out.
Knee-jerk downsizing without any attempt to retain skilled long-term employees. Way too slow in ditching stack-rank performance system. Difficult to see how the company will effectively counter threats from Google and others that are growing quickly and attracting top talent.
too much politics, red tape, road blocks. lacks innovative spirit
VERY hard to make a lot of money Strange culture Not a true meritocracy - much to do with perception - not always reality.
Big Organization with known challenges to grow
Politics can make or break youl
too much red tape
> Still working toward a more collaborative, teamwork-oriented environment. > Can be a cog in a big wheel.
Collaboration is not a core value-yet
Cut throat, work-life balance sucks. Still have a system where they cut bottom employees regardless of performance and even if the market can't support hiring better quality.
Due to recent company wide reorganizations and layoffs, there is a lack of job stability, questionable leadership and accountability in the management structure. Growth and career trajectory tends to favor type A people or those that tend to be more vocal.
...except that if you aren't high up you don't have a lot of impact unless you're lucky. The culture here is one where people are more willing to actively do the wrong thing than spend a little extra time to ensure code quality. What results is a frustrating experience where you cannot be proud of the software you release (or don't release, as the case sometimes may be). Management is not transparent and is largely two-faced. They constantly say one thing and then do the opposite (or just weasel their way out of answering questions). I have no confidence in the CEO or upper management.
Rules and regulations that go along with being a contract employee
too much repetitive work, too much pressure
Difficult to move to corporate. Difficult to remove people who were underperforming. Very political with sensitive coworkers made it difficult to give criticism.
I should preface this by saying: Microsoft, like every giant corporation, depends enormously on where you land. If you know the people you'll be working with, it's a GREAT opportunity. I rolled the dice to become an FTE, and that was a huge mistake. There are segments of this company that are 20 years behind the industry.  It's easy to convince yourself that you had an influence- but as a Service Engineer, you won't. Y They'll interview you and ask if you can code. If you can, find another job. Once you're hired, you can expect to NEVER code again- I even had managers get angry with me when I simply checked in fixes to problems myself. I was subjected to 9-10 months of constant reorganizations, with almost NO work requested of me during this time. It was maddening. My team was put on death watch for a collection of old services(killed by Nadella, but rightfully so!). So there I was, as a top performer in my level, stuck patrolling a product cemetery while my former product group plowed forward into new and shiny things. This is because Microsoft ONLY respects Devs. Not SE's, not Testers, and maybe not even PMs. As an SE your opinion, and your leadership's opinion, will never matter. Unless someone with a developer title agrees with you. The job a Service Engineer is to absorb the technical debt of your development team. I found myself in this job getting paid more than ever, while people expected less than ever of me. It was a depressing, demoralizing year, and I am delighted to be paid more for doing more elsewhere. My resume grew almost none, other than the value of their name.
I did not find any
Promotions are few and far between. You'll get higher jumps in salary if you leave and come back. They've made a number of missteps in the last few years and have relieved themselves of a lot of industry talent - that has gone to the competition. They're now trying to recapture this by hiring even more new, young blood. But while MSFT is an industry leader in some areas, it's starting to ebb significantly (Windows, Phone, Security). Other groups are emerging as the new industry standards (Office 365). And the remarkably inconsistent leadership has left this otherwise great company rudderless against competition, eager to try broad new initiatives - most with mixed or lackluster results. The most recent example was a perceived success with Windows Phone (even though it still hasn't caught on with consumers) drove leadership to replace huge swaths of Windows (desktop, server) team leads with Windows Phone leaders (responsible for 4-6M consumer phones) who had little understanding of the enterprise space (1.3B consumer and enterprise devices). The result has been an abject collision of purposes and assumptions that have resulted in industry-wide fiascos like Windows 8.0, an overall drop in code and update quality and continued misreading of the market.
Promotions are few and far between. You'll get higher jumps in salary if you leave and come back. They've made a number of missteps in the last few years and have relieved themselves of a lot of industry talent - that has gone to the competition. They're now trying to recapture this by hiring even more new, young blood. But while MSFT is an industry leader in some areas, it's starting to ebb significantly (Windows, Phone, Security). Other groups are emerging as the new industry standards (Office 365). And the remarkably inconsistent leadership has left this otherwise great company rudderless against competition, eager to try broad new initiatives - most with mixed or lackluster results. The most recent example was a perceived success with Windows Phone (even though it still hasn't caught on with consumers) drove leadership to replace huge swaths of Windows (desktop, server) team leads with Windows Phone leaders (responsible for 4-6M consumer phones) who had little understanding of the enterprise space (1.3B consumer and enterprise devices). The result has been an abject collision of purposes and assumptions that have resulted in industry-wide fiascos like Windows 8.0, an overall drop in code and update quality and continued misreading of the market.
Some teams are more interested in expanding their scope rather than thinking whats best for the consumer. Hard to switch teams.
The upper management does not do a good job executing the company strategy.
If you are in the wrong team you might get stuck working on legacy code.
Do not find any cons.
Often feels like advancement is difficult.
Some groups have very bad management. No free lunches like other top tier high-tech companies.
Lay-offs are freaking everyone out. I get that we need to make changes, but it's causing a lot of churn as the folks who (thankfully!) still have jobs are being shifted around like assets.
Due to recent company wide reorganizations and layoffs there is big lack of job stability, questionable new leadership, and accountability in immediate management structure.
The company is strong but your satisfaction will be heavily dependent on your immediate work group and unfortunately there are a number of groups that have unhealthy groups. Be very careful with the team you choose to join. It is difficult to get into a number of groups unless you are highly technical and when you do you may find it difficult to deliver because of the lack of ability to communicate by those in management.
Ballmer instilled a sycophantic culture in the company which is taking time to work its way out of the system, despite Satya's best efforts. Some of the Presidents are still very much like this, don't you dare disagree, even if you have the data. If they say 'jump' you better jump. This is common in many teams. It is demoralizing and results in a culture of fear in many teams. Many people at Microsoft work far too hard (but not smart) with little benefit to their careers or personal life. To get to Director, then GM and so forth you have to give up your life in progressive chunks. So you better love what you do. People should take a break and gain some perspective at times (diversity). Employees should aim to work smart. There is a lot of busy work at Microsoft, emails and meetings are chronic. It can take a while to understand the culture and landscape and therefore who you need to work with to get things done. If you don't find the right person you run the risk of invoking the wrath of another team inadvertently. However due to the level of busy work and thus lack of awareness of the big picture often those with the wrath often will have been made aware but were too 'randomized' to be able to engage with you until you do something that crosses swords with them. Then it hits the fan. Change happens on geological time scales. Those with an entrepreneurial or innovative mind set often find this frustrating and leave, including many younger hires. This has an overall negative impact on diversity. This in turn has impacted Microsoft's ability to innovate and compete in the past two decades. Satya is working to change this culture, to make it more dynamic, but that takes time. Politics is very much a part of life and significant energy must be spent on internal positioning and marketing of your own work. To be fair with 100K+ employees these facts are not surprising. For long term success you do need to factor this into your work planning, if you spend to much time doing and not enough time marketing then you will only ever get so far. The opposite is being at a small company and having to market your work... externally. However of course if you don't want to do marketing, promotion, communications or advertising then you may prefer to work at a smaller company where those responsible for the marketing et al are specifically in such roles.The irony at Microsoft is many people in marketing are not very good at marketing their work, at best people don't know what they are working on, at worst they do market their work but it comes across as self promotional. Internal marketing is a subtle, collaborative skill.
Horrific internal politics Bad managers Toxic environment if you are in the wrong org Favors youth over experience Hard to move internally
You might work with mediocre teams.
Because of growth and size, takes longer to get things done
Very political environment Long hours Lots of churn in jobs, educating and re-educating new hires
It is a large organization, and all large organizations have politics.
Review system sucked, morale low due to recent layoffs
Management is atrocious. Like others have pointed out, there are waay too many managers who don't actually even understand/possess the skills to do their jobs and effectively manage a team. The culture is egotistical in the sense that it promotes an "I" sort of mentality. Their is very little in terms of collaboration and promoting team success. The infrastructure is archaic and all over the place. Also, there is very little emphasis placed on employee growth and development.
The politics have grown out of control as the company tries to transform for a cloud first world. Management is so focused on managing up that they can't focus on the needs of their customers, the goals have gotten so aggressive that it feels like you are failing even as the company is outwardly successful
Politics at higher levels get very difficult. Overall consumer strategy is tenuous
The reorg and tester lay-offs have caused a lot of unnecessary changes, which greatly damages the productivity. Hard work sometimes is not recognized and thus not rewarded. Depending on your teams, you may work very hard or may have an easy and happy life.
Sales leader, paid training, great benefits
It s hard to work with people. Employess are not friendly to each other.
Most product teams have terrible work / life balance, on my last team it was not uncommon to work 7 days a week. Each team has its own culture and it was sometimes a big shock when you changed teams Politics can sometime drive things more than the right thing for the customer.
Read "Pros" (read pros, read pros, read pros, read pros, read pros, read pros - sorry - had to meet the 20 word min)
- If you go the PM route, you could end up working on a V-team. However you'll be rated against the impact of your peers by your direct organization who don't have V-team responsibilities and therefore make more on an impact in the direct organization. - People management can end up distancing you from the product or technology and this could hurt you when you look at other roles in the Microsoft. - People are still rewarded for stating "I don't get it" and forcing a team to revisit decisions. This can make it hard to exit the planning stage and move to implementation. I found this to be very demoralizing. A project that should have been done in two months took six instead because of constant resets by external teams.
work-life balance, battling (subconscious) bias, broken review process
Horrible HR practices. I was a Director-level employee and they ended up settling with me so that I would leave quietly without taking my experience to the press. They paid me 6 months of salary and benefits to keep quiet. And all I had to do was agree not to work there for two years.
Opportunity for advancement would mean having to move cities which could be a deal breaker for some yet understandable.
Company is huge and has many old corporate culture pieces in place, hard to stand out as an individual contributor. Review system used to be very contradictive, on words promoting collaboration and teamwork while in fact pitting you against your peers. It changes now, but too soon to tell if it's a new approach for real. Many things depend on your manager. Forget about work-life balance if you want to advance quicker than average. The more time you spend here the more you get stuck with MS technologies, which doesn't help much when you try to find similar class employers outside of MS.
Hard to transition between disciplines. Can be challenging to get off of failing projects or out of troubled organizations.  It appears that the company has decided to make a significant change in direction and strategy. However, many employees were not given an opportunity to see if they could adapt to the new role/culture (ex. de-emphasis of software testing discipline).
Large company that doesn't always know what the right hand is doing. Each group has its own culture.
Leadership is very slow with new trend in tech area. good talents are leaving. low pay
Stack ranking functions just like high school clique.
Work-life balance can be poor depending on your role and group you are in. It is difficult to manage when you have multiple projects and deliverables. You can take time off, but you will pay in terms of your deliverables and how that is reflected in your annual review.  Poor performance management system: - Previous stack rank system was unfair to employees that have different roles, but on the same pay level (curve). They system has changed this year, but still appears to be a ranking system that management won't disclose details. Don't expect your manager to be much of an advocate or enabler to help you meet your career goals because they are trying to survive the stack rank as well. I received a poor review because of this system, but can't understand how there are others who don't deserve a job at MS. If you're not part of the "good old boy's" club, it's a career struggle. -New performance system leaves managers and employees uncertain about how they actual rank (example: employee review can be viewed as "meets expectations", but merit/bonus doesn't reflect that). This will lead to poor morale and feeling less respected.  If an employee wants to move to a completely different role that is a lower level, but a better opportunity, it's frowned upon. There is a lot of pressure to move up but it's difficult if you enjoy your current job. MS will not retain best talent this way.  Health benefits have declined to employee deductibles where only preventative doctor appointments are 100% covered.  No more company meetings, employee summer picnics in North Bend (which was great for young families).  Very political. Management doesn't push back to leadership to what's right or makes sense according to employees and many times you don't know why a decision was made. Very cut-throat and who can shout and whine the loudest tends to get their way.  Limited communication from senior management down to employees.
A lot of solution we are building usually involves many different teams - and with the variation of different team's culture/dynamics/agility, you often feel you need to herd many cats to get something simple done.
Tough to move beyond senior level, Rewards depend on your ability to play politics. If you want to remain technical, better to move on.
Middle in upper management in Seattle & CA with low connection to the problems and issues in Utah
Decisions center on Seattle, a small part of the worldwide company
The stack ranking system (which is now gone). Also a necessary negative when working with any large corporation, is the amount of time required for meetings, training, and paperwork not related to the product.
Very bureaucratic. If you are with the right manager and have good self-marketing skills you will do very well. Just good work does not get you the right credits here. Culture is very fear based due to the review system which has been changing very frequently every 3-4 years. Company's vision is not trickled and well communicated below in the hierarchy chain and causes lot of confusions, delays and chaos.
Stack ranking functions just like high school clique.
Work life balance is horrible if working in the wrong team or group.
Too much politics, managers care most about their personal agenda and the chain up, not necessary for the good of the company or employee
Tough to move beyond senior level, Rewards depend on your ability to play politics. If you want to remain technical, better to move on.
Too big of a company. Slow to move and takes a while to get things done.
The culture is caustic. Stack ranking encourages managers to find fault and assume wrongdoing where none was intended and no harm occurred. Some managers retain underperforming employees on staff in order to avoid having to give valuable employees a poor annual rating. There is very little room for innovation - most work at Microsoft is an attempt to copy the success of others. This makes work unfulfilling.
too focused on technical matters vs business and overall brand and partner channel challenges
- Politics - Multilayers of management - No single decision makers
Depending on the team, the pace can be much slower than smaller more agile companies or groups
People are treated like cogs despite the party-line of caring about their development. Huge amounts of non-sensical red tape to fight through. Bad morale due to layoffs and increasingly poor treatment of employees. Back-stabbing is rife and people are put in charge who should never lead a team, let alone a very large team. Rewards system allows no recourse, accountability or feedback. It was bad before but at least someone had to make up a reason to tube you. Now there is NO visibility into why you got the reward you did. just "the numbers are the numbers" Lots of cronyism, especially in OSG.
Large Corp comes with bureaucracy and politics, work life balance at times
not that easy to get promotion, and many people/friends quit the job for start-up programs which they get much more paid.
The company has become political and decisions can be slow coming as exec after exec may be needed for approval.
Lots of political machinations, especially as you move higher on the management chain. Only time will tell if the recent reductions in workforce will have a positive impact on the company overall, but I sincerely question the quality of products coming out of the company from here on out. I'm not convinced that the current leadership is making wise choices for the betterment of the company and the products they're releasing.
Very little voice of customer when developing new user experiences. Life can be very tough when landed on a crappy team. Polarizing job satisfaction. In a huge company like this, success is determined by how effect one is in convincing large number of constituents to be on board no matter what the idea is, even if it's something that users tell you they don't want.
Change in leadership means an era has passed in the company's structure and mission, not sure how the new era will unfold. Opportunities still abound, but with no key business area of domination, similar opportunities exist in smaller more nipple companies. All in, positives outweigh an negatives
Work life balance is good. Co-workers are nice.
need to eliminate lots of people who are resting & vesting here, needs to learn to be agile, needs to be more nimble and give more power to the engineers
Huge shift in culture past few years. Politics has become increasingly important despite the new reward system. A lot of the true leaders who understood different disciplines have left the company - now leadership is very insular and subject matter experts in only their own field (R&D, Mkt, etc.) vs taking a broader view. Many employees now see it as a paycheck vs something that they will put forth the extra effort for - given layoffs, politics, review system (which has changed), and lack of mobility compared to prior years.
Microsoft continually strives to keeps its workforce out of their comfort zones, always challenged and pushing their limits, even as many people have come to settle in the company for long term employment.
Microsoft is a great company, however, the company is ruined by its bulging middle. There are too many cooks in the kitchen, add the flawed performance management system to the mix and you get a perfect cocktail for self destruction. The rotten culture played out in how the battle for mobile was first ignored and then lost by the company. And this is the company which had the first usable smartphone on the market... how the mighty have fallen !! Even with such astounding losses, not much has changed. It seems that, there is severe lack of accountability at the senior and middle level management layer.
Long hours if u cannot command over your time
Big company cons - does not move as fast as one would want to be. This is normal and no company of Microsoft can avoid this - period
Lots of meetings, reorganizations and drama
- Many political people - Many slackers - Many short sighted leaders and minions - Many overhead and report line
The politics suck, you need to be an insider to really advance your career into management
You feel like a cog in a giant machine. You don't feel like you have a big impact because a huge team working on shipping one thing.
Some horrible middle management. Very political. Work/life balance is bad especially if you have a family. Don't get comfortable in your office (if you're lucky enough to have one these days) as moving offices is a regular event.
groups are often siloed, job satisfaction varies from group to group as far as enjoyment of team and is usually dependent upon management experience.
Corporate tends to live and operate in a "bubble". This isolates them from the reality of today's landscape. That is changing, however, with a new, forward-thinking CEO
Very political. Management knows little about the technologies but keeps override technical decisions made by people who actually know them. For personal growth, I definitely learnt a lot about politics, but my technical ability might be even worse than I just left college.
Dynamics seems to be having an engineering culture crisis, with lots of engineers stuck in their ways, cutting corners at the cost of long-term quality to meet deadlines. Most of what you'll end up doing here are CRUD operations. Don't expect multi-tenancy to be front-and-center in the cloud strategy. User experience gets uneven attention across products and even features within products.
not many opening as far as I know
Too slow to change and not much growth opportunity.
Crazy work life balance and not clear review policy. I don't get it. I didn't have a bad review but I still don't understand and our mgmt. doesn't either
High Stress, No Productive environment, too many H-1 visa contractors, barley can speak English, Performance is not the criteria to get ahead, you can screw a major project and still can get promotion, just because you are connected is the way of life at Microsft
I hated the politics. People had very sharp elbows and wouldn't hesitate to run you under the bus. The new "generation" may have had some strengths, but were not doers. They came in around 2003-2004 and hired out everything to contractors, leaving very little subject matter expertise...
Manager decides your career. Good luck to get a good manager.
Projects are not planned, everything seems last minute
No cons as of now.
Had a big problem changing course, may have improved with the new CEO. Letting go of people that were doing great job is not the smartest move in my opinion, but hey the stock is climbing...
> A deep despair associated with taking more from society than you are putting > Not being able to sleep at night > Constant feelings that your work and career are meaningless > Occassional desire to commit suicide
Roles can sometimes be confusing. A program manager can end up handling too many things internally and focus very little externally. This leads to product confusion. Also even though its a very large company, it competes with hyper focused competitors where the leadership is crystal clear on the are and the number of people working on it may be much more.
A lot of politics, at times you don't know why the decision was made. Some the teams have worse corporate culture. The company is lethargic at times reacting to customer needs.
Hypocrisy, competition, and back-stabbing are ingrained in the culture. If you are a smart straight shooter who focuses on results and has great relationships with co-workers (as the "company values" recommend), that is *not* enough. You must play the political game, particularly if you go into management. If you don't play politics, your best option is to stay out of management and quickly find a politically-savvy manager who appreciates, rewards, and fights for you. If you are lucky enough to find such a manager, you'll be put on the fast track. If not, you may have to watch your career stagnate, falling far behind peers who contribute less than half as much as you do.
Too slow to move , too much process, not enough good managers. Promotion policies are not uniform. Some product groups promote fast, some are slow. Good time off policy 3 weeks. Usually manager does not care about extra time off.
The company is moving in a direction in which they don't value the quality of their products. The focus has become ship, ship, ship, we'll fix bugs later, but that doesn't happen.
BIG, SLOW, Easy and no sense of values or integrirty
Engineering driven company Overlap of roles Lack of innovation in marketing
Ever since the acquisition of Nokia bunch of our teams are in limbo, so not much work to do
This company is becoming more political each day. More and more red tape and arrogance on the part of management is slowing the wheels of innovation.
Management is not honest or open. I found out about a change in my position\team structure by seeing an email distribution list. My manager at the time could not be bothered to tell me I had to make an appointment with him to find out. You can be surprised in your reviews. Very clique’ ish, if you are not in the same clique’ as you manager get out of that team and find a new one. There are way too many managers who can not write code, although they like to think they can.  Managers can be very demeaning to individuals. I had one manager tell me that the best management book he had ever read was a book on raising children. Even the current CEO, Satya Nadella, has made a similar reference. This is very insulting. I’m an adult you should treat me like one.  Microsoft is not an innovative company. When I joined the company the industry was reading books explain how Microsoft ships software. Of course the industry has passed Microsoft by and now Microsoft is not even mentioned in article that describe the direction the industry is taking.
Very political Bureaucracy gets in the way of getting things done Very management top-heavy
Politics - Review system is horrible. If you get stuck with a bad or inexperienced manager, don't expect any career advancement without a lot of effort on your part.
Lately there have been a lot of layoffs
- Work-life balance can be challenging if desiring to move up - Lack of remote worker programs
Upper management sometimes oblivious to what's going on with the people really doing the work. The move to a devops model is good in theory, but the execution needs work.
Large waters to wade through to make an impact.
- Performance review used to be based on stack ranking and fixed curve. - Skill set may become irrelevant if not actively kept up with the industry.
- Performance review used to be based on stack ranking and fixed curve. - Skill set may become irrelevant if not actively kept up with the industry.
personal and professional growth and leadership is quite slow. getting to be a leader can be hard as you have too many people trying to get to the same position
There was no clear career path for people who were media or editorial based. All positions where forced into a cookie cutter "engineering" career path. Definitely limiting.
* Tough culture * Career growth can be anemic * Lots of changes(may be a Pro?)
Management style is ridiculous FTE vs CSG attitude aka second-class people Conflicting instructions Lack of information Lack of structure Limited access to important Sharepoint, tools, folders, groups Frequent layoffs for no apparent reason
Nothing it was just so good.
Sometimes the work-life balance may get affected.
Contract positions are horrible with no benefits. Save time and get hired on permanently
Lack of strategic directions and vision from the top.
Not having the agility and atmosphere of small companies and start ups. Sometimes have to stay on call 24 hours and might be called during night.
You have to spend as much time worrying about politics and games as you do about performing the job you were hired to do. Weak leadership with no vision can be found in every group.
I have nothing negative to say.
Micro management. Managers were really mean. Some old timers were rude. Very poor work life balance
Teams do not always communicate adequately, and goals are sometimes lost in the shuffle of the day-to-day. However, they are making changes to head into the future of the changing computing world of today/tomorrow.
Well to be honest their aren't really any cons, except the fact that I haven't got a good pay raise in the last two years but besides that I really liked it at microsoft.
Too much turning reports and dashboards green, and too much settling for less than best. More likely to redefine the quality bar to achieve success than to hold or change the product to meet the originally desired bug bar.
Somewhat old fashioned engineering process.
To large and dysfunctional, duplicate responsibilities and too much focus on showing muscle vs actually getting the work done. I found that people would spend more time discussing issues vs trying to solve them, positioning themselves over the betterment of the company and dedicating themselves to drive toward sales numbers vs focusing on solving problems with solutions that customer want and value.
Aren't going to get the free perks like you see in competitors in silicon valley, but who really cares. You will most likely make more money at Microsoft and that's more important. Still growth favors type A people. If you aren't one that guides and leads the design and has major influence, your growth and performance awards will be much slower.
Environment was competitive for reviews which made it more about the individual than the team
Soooo much bickering, ego, and bureaucracy gets in the way of speed and product excellence.
Currently changing too many things at the same time - engineering model, transition to services. Company is trying to duplicate the new generation companies - i am worried, if it is losing its identity in the process.
Politically charged people which can impact the speed of decision making
As big companies go, there are always some politics around Some people only care about visibility, or how upper management views them, and one will need to work their way around these people
Professional commitment process still rewards personal successes and promotes the 'me first' mentality. It has been so bad in years past that the commitment process was recently changed.
The politics are mind-numbing at times. Depending on the group, you may have to scratch and bite for a chance to grow your career. Often it's easy to feel lost in the grand scheme of things and feel stifled.
Organization is huge, so it can be difficult to manage.
Flat stock price results in a lot of folks trying to claw their way up the corporate ladder rather than building better products for customers. Depending upon your manager, you can have a great experience or it can be a soul-sucking personal experience if you let it get to you. Due to it's nature, the company tends to be very insular and has just recently began to look at innovation outside of the company. Many folks there have only worked at MSFT so they have a very slanted view on how the rest of the world works. If you stay there too long, you risk being branded as "institutionalized" and nom-emplyable outside of MSFT unless you maintained and developed skills outside of the MSFT ecosystem. The company is aging and, while many organizations are modernizing their way of building products, others are still trapped in the 90's under leaders (partner-level) who are making too much money to step aside and create growth opportunities for the next generation of leaders.  For folks who have held senior positions elsewhere: Expect to be compensated well, but your prior experience means nothing. There is very little respect for experience in other companies unless you're a bounce back from Amazon, Facebook, or Google to get a level bump. It's a place that values shipping at Microsoft over everything else.  Lastly, it has become a company of dissimilar factions and cultures. The notion of One MSFT is laughable. It's a culture of fiefdoms and alliances that are more concerned about protecting turf than delighting customers. Ultimately, I saw that the change in leadership was more about Wall Street than customers.
Political, but where isn't it
Very difficult to work on a remote team. If you're outside Redmond, you bang into the ceiling very quickly.
backstabbing shady management. beware. some of the employees are snobs, but that time is passing as MSFT isn't top of the food chain anymore.
Not for the feint of heart. Microsoft is increasingly complex and you have to be able to put all the pieces together and understand how you fit into the grand scheme of things. Sometimes you really can feel you're not even a "blip" on the radar here. It's really important to build a good network if you want visibility and a good promotional trajectory.  Promotional velocity can be a bit slow with too much of a focus on the dreaded "length in level". On the other hand, people get promoted to very senior positions without the role necessarily requiring it as a means to retain that person. Usually this doesn't end well.  Unstable Organizations- with so many merging and splitting and reconfiguring of teams and structures one can feel as though stability is lacking.
Microsoft's strategy and focus were much clearer in the early 1990s. Opportunities for personal growth existed everywhere. Today there are fewer opportunities today for people who want to be major contributors. Some of this is part of becoming a larger company and reaching the end of the PC era, but much of it is risk aversion. The PC era is ending. A new era is also beginning. This is opportunity. If you want to be great you have to take chances. I am all for mitigating as much risk as possible. However, you will get the same outcome if you keep using the same old strategies.
They can not innovate if their life depended on it. Marketing almost always get's their way for more bells and whistles that nobody uses, or wants, at the sacrifice of a quality product. Beware of the infamous, over powerful Microsoft HR. Having managed people I was discusted at the fact that the way Microsoft handles compensation, encourages you giving someone the shaft, and keeping around a sub par performer to be the sacrificial lamb. God forbid you have a great team, because someone will get the shaft so others can actually get raises.
The culture and leadership is old school and is just discovering that it is behind the times. Changes are coming in both business strategies and development practices, but management will cling to the old way enough to foil the needed changes.
Hard to switch jobs if you don't have a strong internal network
Very competitive, manager can make or break it. Often slow to move, politics prevalent and pointing fingers. Family life not always supported - especially for women surrounded by men with stay at home wives.
Cultural still slow to come. Lot of energy spent fighting nay sayers.
- Process heavy - sr. management do not know what to do next. - lost vision
There is just too much politics, empire building, area grabbing and self marketing at the higher ranks. People get promoted and go higher not because of what they do, rather how they sell themselves.
Learn how to do politics. If you dont know how to project yourself well, You wont last long.
Working cross functionally can be a challenge. Working with IT can also be hard because they are also struggling to work around their internal teams. Break down the silos! Work life balance can be a struggle and the new collaboration model can be tough when you are told to continue "coaching" others that are not performing or aren't suited for their roles. Sometimes you just have to get rid of the dead weight!
hostile environment, very bad manager
Big company means plenty of red tape. Poor job of sharing, distributing and presenting good BI to employees. Hard to measure one's impact. Not metrics driven (or not enough)
Sometimes your peers are better at doing politics vs programming which is unfortunate but I guess any place with this many number of people is bound to have this.
My main criticism is that it is not a company that values women in the workplace. I have not observed women getting promoted and women from technical fields are rarely being hired. Teams remain disproportionately male even compared to recent statistics from Google and other competitors. Little effort is made to proactively recruit women in technical positions. Managers from my division regularly and openly discredit women. They bully them (from my personal experience). It feels like Anchorman over there. The maternity/parental benefits are BS. I took them and it cost me a poor review (I was doing great before and in all prior reviews).  If you are in my situation, know that a lot of tech companies are proactively hiring women, publishing their statistics as cause for change, and rewarding women for their good technical work. The underlying belief in other companies is that women have equal capacity to be technical and do technical work. This is not the case at Microsoft. Credit is frequently given to male co-workers on the basis of their arrogance and posture. The presumption is that technical contributions in collaborations come from men. This is promoted by managers at many levels. For instance, women are frequently required to justify more of the technical claims on patents then their male counterparts on similar patents. The presumed inequality is part of everyday engagements.  Real equal opportunity teams may exist in the company. Just be sure to interview your future Microsoft colleagues and understand the culture you are going into. I have excellent offers in other places now, and I am taking the one that best fits my personality and values. I know I will have a great impact there. I just wished I had moved out sooner from an environment that was toxic for my health.  There is no collaboration possible, and unless you are a very vocal person and snarky to a fault, more arrogant people steal the credit for your work. I have struggled with this lack of collaboration and very competitive atmosphere. I was hoping that with the Nokia integration, a more collaborative culture would influence Microsoft leaders, but unfortunately it did not happen and all of those guys got fired anyway.  Regarding the interview process, the recruiter really tries to lowball you compared to other companies. This was my experience interviewing initially and then later interviewing internally. Crap tactics like acting baffled and surprised at basic packages offered by many of their competitor companies are the norm. Can they understand more collaborative techniques and work together on a good package? They do not reward PhDs. They do not reward the caliber of the institution you're coming from. It is because most of the management lack graduate education and believe education is useless (I heard it many times at work).  A minor thing, no free food, and food becomes quite expensive if you have only 20minutes to eat and need to eat in the local expensive cafeteria in the Commons (about 10-15$ a lunch). Something to budget.  The culture is really engraved in every manager who has been there from the start. Of course, you can find an excellent team (it does exist!) and if the work is a good fit, go for it. Be sure to probe the team's culture and get to know who will be your skip level.
none, nill, null, without, nope
Getting too much emphasis on so called "visibility", more politics than average tech companies. And the technology is gradually "isolated" from the industry that puts more and more resources on open source.
Politics everywhere, people fights for visibility and slows down productivity
Bureaucratic management. Management has no vision for the future
Benefits aren't what they used to be. Morale events aren't what they used to be. Office environment isn't what it used to be (moving to open workspaces) Lots of reorgs means that the manager determining your compensation doesn't really know you. This is getting worse with fewer managers per employee. So compensation can have little to do with how hard you work or what you accomplish for the company. Work life balance is getting worse, and it was already pretty bad. Instead of focusing on customers, there is a push to focus on data, when the only real useful data is whether the customers love the product and buy it. The company no longer makes big, bold bets.
Especially at the entry level, your job is to please everyone above you in the hierarchy, more than working. Criteria for success and expectations are often vague, so you must make sure everyone knows what you are doing and feels good about it (and about you). You have very little ownership over what you do, and trying to appease both management and peers who gatekeep the codebase quickly becomes impossible. Microsoft culture also values aggressiveness and criticism: these are seen as strengths of the company. If you don't like being negative towards others or react badly when presented with consistent aggressive behavior, you will not fit in.
Traditional mind-set, promotions aren't always based on results
Hard to move up if you don't conform to aggressive culture.
Lots of hard work, long weeks, long hours.
Re-orgs, work life balance, uncertainity in business.
often lagging in technology - not leader, a lot of management layers, a lot of politics
To many people have the culture of an old company. They could be slow and don't accept challenges positively.
The new one for the rest is a very great day and a few years ago I was in the world and
Big company. Can be a bit frustrating to deal with speed of decisions and process
Big company. Can be a bit frustrating to deal with speed of decisions and process
personal growth, politics, pace of work
Work-life balance, promotions are rare. Leadership (once in their position) doesn't change and management isn't held accountable for poor leadership. Managers aren't taught to lead people but to manage products and people are a secondary focus.
Senior Management is outdated, overpaid and blocks smart people from making progress on the products. There is a steep hierarchy within the company with little or no value coming from several layers of management. Everyone is afraid to make a decision.
Many, many, many layers of old-style managers Vicious internal politics at corporate Scary how internally focused it is -- Microsoft people spend most of their time presenting to other Microsoft people --very Alice in Wonderland
The Sr. Leadership could really use some help. From 2nd line managers to just below the CEO, the leadership is very "inward focused" and almost used-car-salesy. It's very cut-throat at that level and you they appear to have no problem stepping on toes to move up. Also, sr. leadership looks "down" quite a bit on those with IC (individual contributor) roles.  No real career opportunities for technical leadership other than in Seattle. All field leadership is sales based and you almost have to go through the sales ranks to get leadership opportunities. Technical roles report into sales managers, so technical people are often undervalued or have little direction.
The force-review process means that you work there until you get a 5 (lowest review), then the "eliminate your position" and backfill by promoting a lower-level employee, who they backfill by hiring a new graduate. This abusive system keeps the workforce young.
there is not much in particular
1. A little less paid compared with other Tech companies 2. The management team really lacks vision
Company can be competitive. A lot of you experience depends on your manager. The documentation is very poor. A lot of meetings with no clear focus
The quota growth rates are unrealistic. This affects your evaluation and bonus structure.
Upward mobility is slow. Recent pay raises have been small.
Huge bureaucracy, slow to make decisions, too much emphasis on who you know and not on what you do. I realized in the first couple of years, that it was like working for GM.
Easily get pigeon-holed into doing the same thing/hard to move around and expand to new areas. Mixed bag of managers - some good, some bad. Performance reviews are few and far between, and the end of the year results which determine bonus, salary, and promotions did not always reflect the feedback I had received from my managers throughout the year.
Personal growth suffers when competing against each other.
It has become very political.
the company is just too big and some people have to do a lot of job while some people just don't do much to help. not only they don't do anything to help, they may make it hard to do your job efficiently.
Huge company, hard to get things done Too removed from customers Struggling to figure out how to move forward Can lose yourself if you don't set the right work-life boundaries
Have no cons just yet, as I am still going through the hiring process.
Management - the review system was recently replaced. While the prior review system was bad the new one is worse. Microsoft can not set to limit itself to objective criteria metrics like utilization, labor logging, case wellness, etc. These metric are set as goals, but would be ignored if the management wanted to. They will absolutely reward someone they think has "potential" even if they arent doing their core job. If a GM wants someone gone, no amount of work product or impact will be considered. All achievements will be minimized. There is a heavy favoritism system in place. In both review models, feedback was either sparse or non-existent. Managers aren't really "managing". Managers just recently were instructed to provide feedback in 1 on 1s. Dedicated PFE's are pretty much considered the bottom feeders in the organization. The work/life balance is terrible because of the uncertainty/lack of feedback. To make things worse, managers wont give you an example of work being done by "successful" PFEs, or suggest mentors. There are a lot of parasites in the organization that steal/rebrand other work as their own. The sycophants are running amok in public sector/fed civ and NSG. Good luck if you're a new hire off the street trying to make a name for yourself. They'll chew you up for 2-3 years until you leave. While there is a lot of training available, there is no time for it.
gets very difficult to grew in such a big firm. No coordination between various teams.
Review system is too draining.
The review process is draining and if your manager doesn't fight for you, you might not earn the recognition you deserve.
With recent layoffs many folks left inside are afraid for their jobs and the future of the company both financially and direction. There is plenty of uncertainty about the future of the company.  If you are in test then you should highly consider moving into a different role as the company as a whole seems to be getting rid of this function.
changes with every project release
The size sometimes makes it difficult navigate the best way to achieve success, duplication of effort, some groups a slow moving
Market position is bit bad now. Management can be sometimes hostile
Compensation is not as great as for some competitors (no free lunch food), company is transitioning to agile which is difficult to do given how slow it is.
Not the company it used to be. Main focus is shareholders, not the employees. Insurance changed in 2013 - just a notch above sucks now,
Bad management with bad vision
The politics at Microsoft are cutthroat and the performance review model based on a graded curve is archaic and contra-indicated for software development, which thrives on collaboration and cooperation. While this ranking system is supposed to have been abolished recently, after 30+ years of its extreme influence as to management promotion and leadership reviews, it is unlikely that this atmosphere of a zero-sum compensation model (there is no winner without a loser), is anything less than entrenched, and, consequently, Microsoft would not be a place to risk years of one's career when there are just as attractive jobs waiting at companies who were of the you-win, we-all-win philosophy from inception.
- work/life balance can be low depending on the team - it all depends on your manager - a great manager is fantastic for you while a bad manager can make your life at Microsoft very difficult
1.maybe too many brilliant people and have no chance to be promoted 2.The company doesn't have quite the creative edge it once did. Sometimes it blunders big, yet manages to survive because of its sheer size and wealth. Management above a certain level tends to lose sight of reality, so can end up doing the wrong thing, like laying off and rewarding the wrong people.
occasional territorial attitude in management
Competitive company culture, promoting careerism
As a new employee you are very likely to get a bit overwhelmed at first by the amount of information you receive. This passes, however.
If you are young, technical, a go-getter and aiming to get rich Microsoft is NOT the place for you. The company will milk products from its glory days (basically just Windows and Office) until the market forces it into irrelevance. Win8 is the elephant in the room, proven to be a spectacular failure yet we keep trying to force it down people's throats. With product pipelines like Windows Phone and surface there's simply not enough growth or opportunity for Microsoft to sustain promoting you and paying you what you're worth. Plus the culture heavily favors non-technical business-y types that do nothing but bs at meetings all day and play the game. Any raises or decent salaries will be given to those folks, not you the producer. This has got to be the worst place to be for a smart, hard working technical person - don't waste your time and devote your passion and skills to a company that will appreciate it like Google or Apple. This is a dying company - the business people are the vultures feasting on the carrion of failed products and srinking revenues. Who in their right mind would want to work here?!
Company is trying to change direction to move fast. Upper management is playing around with the lives of high performers making them not productive and stealing away their fun.
Too many legacy policies and procedures, High margin mind set, lack of focus on controls and cost, myopic view of the world, too many rest and vest folks, too reactive to market dynamics.
If not a real fan of Microsoft technologies, consider yourself tied up, you won't work on anything else other than MS specific technologies/environments. Makes sense from the "protect your own brand" point of view, but I found it really annoying to be closed to great technologies you have access in all the other companies (let's say, to use Ruby/Python for a side team stats project, you will probably be looked at like a weird being). That for sure makes you fall behind other engineers in the market, limiting your scope of development.  The so known calibration at the yearly performance review creates a working environment of "I won't help you because I don't want you to be above me", and I really felt that, I was even criticized for helping other teams in my organization because I should had give total priority on my team (it's not that I was not doing anything for my team, but I was the one that could help the other teams and that also benefited us).
Ensuring revenue and performance goals are achievable through realistic stretch metrics.
It is true, there are a lot of meetings. As well as meetings to plan meetings.
hard to navigate the office politics
Senior members in the org are resistant to changes being put in place by Satya. In our effort to be more with the times and be lean and agile, there are many who "don't get it" or are not willing to shift.
Layoff and Reorg might not be a good story for you...
There is a lot of internal politics and consolidation of power. If you are not in the circle and play the politics game you will have difficult times.
The worst part is the projects you work on are rather dull and not as exciting as other places. You place a small part in the overall company
Office culture and leadership is different in various groups at Microsoft. A tough to work with leader or someone with best in the past can be a downer.
Too many re-orgs, bad middle managers
Microsoft has below average Salary/compensation and benefits and Leadership and NONE and NONE and NONE.
The company doesn't have quite the creative edge it once did. Sometimes it blunders big, yet manages to survive because of its sheer size and wealth. Management above a certain level tends to lose sight of reality, so can end up doing the wrong thing, like laying off and rewarding the wrong people.
Political bureaucracy Complacency Culture of conflict at senior levels To be a senior manager - its all about who you know not what you know HR policies are made of stone, no way to advance quickly All senior management in inbred drones - no real creativity or skill to compete
does not provide a competitive package to recent graduates
Your career can go sideways if you don't proactively grab the right opportunity
I didn't face any big cons.
Company has become to big. In the effort to become ONE Microsoft, they do not communicate changes well and they do not test out new processes with the right people before they roll anything out company wide. Everything is a bureaucracy.
Less specialization specific roles hampering experts
The company is well staffed with great employees in upper management, which can make it more challenging for those looking for upper level promotion opportunities.
The common cons for a big company.
Like any big company there are teams that are not enjoyable to work with/in - poor leadership, poor team morale, no clear direction - so just do your homework about how the manager manages for success, what the state is of team morale (WHI - workplace health index), etc. Work-life balance - In the early days I found this very hard to manage but I learned to own this and was very effective at generally staying within a 40-45 hr work week --- except in key peak business times where I would very willingly put in more time as needed. You have to be able to manage your time effectively and push-back BEFORE you are too over-committed / overwhelmed. More people need to learn how to say "no" (nicely) and educate against competing priorities & resource constraints. The business is very fast-paced and very rarely will you have someone else who can effectively ensure there is balance - so you need to do it for yourself. Managers (good ones at least) will work with you on this balance as they don't want you overwhelmed either at the risk of poor quality, missing deliverables, or lack of "white space" to come up with needed solutions.
Too much politics. People spend more time trying to gain "visibility" than doing actual work. Managers hold too much power over their reports ad can destroy their career.
I think most folks have seen the XKCD comic comparing corporate culture across different companies - it's very true with Microsoft. Folks are very possessive about their Org's ownership of stuff, and can get in the way of work. Re-orgs seem to happen twice yearly, muddying the up-the-stack alignment.
if you are being hired as a vendor, stay away, absolutely avoid at all costs, the job is not based on merit, or skill level, or qualifications, the entirety of the job is based off favoritism, you fall out of it you are gone as soon as humanly possible. They do not provide time off to vendors, there is no vacation it has zero benefits. I can go on but my point has been mad. Consider your options wisely they will work you without any reward.
Highly political, expect a reorg every 6-12 months, and always keep your resume updated in case you find yourself unexpectedly laid off.
Too much bureaucracy and politics, the company is too big and moves too slow, too much coordination between large groups makes it close to impossible to make a positive impact.
Costs of doing projects tend to slip unmanaged sometimes
Company of this size brings in so many managers which slows down the decision process. New review model lacks transparency and all depends on your immediate and skip level manager.
The challenges of working with the annual review system that has taken more time and resources than it ever should, often changes but never really seem to address the problems inherent to the system. Managers that have never learned to manage and others who are great and yet do not get the recognition that they deserve.
Ease of use, stability, and security of the company's software are common targets for critics. More recently, Trojan horses and other exploits have plagued numerous users due to faults in the security of Microsoft Windows and other programs.
Microsoft still follows other companies in the industry too much, and doesn't focus on end-to-end experiences. The corporate culture is still fragmented and at least in my division does not foster trust and open discussions. I'm finding it hard to continue to accept the culture and corporate craziness - not sure the tradeoff of pay for stress continues to be worth it.
- Easy to miss broader tech trends and not learn technologies the rest of the world uses - Microsoft is still very Windows-centric even though the rest of the world isn't - Work/life balance can get miserable - Office politics and culture are sometimes poisonous
Sometimes there is a lack of urgency or speed in development programs, depending on the team.
It's very easy to get into "great engineers don't always make great managers" situation, often IC got assign/promote to management role, not at will but as "expectation" of his/her level, generally result in team under-managed or worse.  The company promotes team oriented culture and "no rock star" approach, but the review process speaks otherwise.  Flexible work hours can be double edge sword, you should not expect every week is exactly 40 work hours. (Although managers are generally cool with taking "rain checks", so you can work a 60 hr week, then skip Friday for next 3 weeks.)
It's a big company so you get all of the good and bad that come with that, including bureaucracy, political infighting and the occasional opportunity to get seriously screwed without much warning.
Lots of politics and slow promotion
The challenges of working with the annual review system that has taken more time and resources than it ever should, often changes but never really seem to address the problems inherent to the system. Managers that have never learned to manage and others who are great and yet do not get the recognition that they deserve.
pecking order, closed minded, political
Hard to promote. A lot of re-organization during the work.
Performance Review changes this year, could be not align with your career plan.
work/life balance can be little better.
Any division that has been around for more than a decade typically will be stagnant in management from the Director level and above. Monopolistic perspective creates a very protectionist culture which has lead to some amount of stagnation and disregard for user experiences in the consumer marketplace. Tendency to use customers as "testers" assuming they can quickly get feedback and make adjustments, which is not always the case. Does not particularly value "the creative" perspective: this is a business company. Quick to take up new projects, but also very quick to end them (and their teams) and if it's not bleeding edge, it's practically ignored, e.g. XBOX 360 innovation and support is practically non-existent.
They are tied down by the processes that are put in place that hinders development. Collaboration is not the key word here :-(
- Extremely bureaucratic, slow-moving, slow to react - Complacency is widespread - Toxic culture - Food isn't free because apparently we live in 1975, and apparently Microsoft isn't one of the most profitable companies in the world.
Lack of enthusiasm and passion more often seen in younger companies. Often felt like decisions were more politically driven as opposed to being what's good for the customer. Slightly less pay compared to other elite tech companies these days.
Must move up. Cannot be stagnant.
leadership changes and not stabilized yet.
Constant backstabbing and infighting Progression has more to do with image than contennt
1. Less innovation 2. Ppl should define their own career path
Work life balance is often hard to achieve
Big companies are still hard to change. It will be a long process.
What folks say about the political environment is generally true. It seems that getting things done can take longer than you think it should at a tech company. I am hopeful with Satya at the helm things will change for the better.
The new review system is out and unless you are good at the political game by having friends in high places, you will get no raise, no bonus, no stock, employees are being told this is the new normal.  The company is still top-heavy, and Satya has been so far unwilling to make drastic management changes needed - layoffs and restructurings impact the ICs.  Private offices are going away in favor of open plan (no cubes even), because "startups do it."
I had to move to Seattle, and before that I had lived in Maryland. All of my family is located in Maryland so it was a tough change.
Microsoft leadership stalled for a decade or so where more focus was paid to just business rather than a balance of business and engineering. The top echelons of compensation are epic, competition is fierce and winning is defined by profitability which has led to thinning of the product herd to only the most obviously profitable (or necessary) investments. Satya's leadership has hope of changing this but when you see references to Microsoft's environment being "toxic" this is the root cause with the old stack ranking system in a supporting role.  Work life balance is clearly your problem. If you are ambitious and/or energetic there is always benefit to trading the work/life balance for work but it can eat you alive. Do not look for your organization to guard your own work/life balance, it's up to you (as it should be but be cautioned).
While moving in a positive direction, still many legacy concerns and complexities internally to battle through. From licensing, to revenue recognition.
Too many incompentent managers/leads who don't know how to stimulate people. Serious nepotism and office politics. More chance/reward is given to people only good at making show than to people contribute most but not so good at selling themselves.
Low job security. Layoffs of big magnitudes happen every 5 years or so. Reviews happen yearly, they just rebranded their review system. Lower salary+bonus compared to the top 5.
Management does not encourage innovation. I had to quit to go on and write my patent.
MSFT is a very large company which has locked senior management into long-term relationships with its stock and compensation packages. This isn't unique to MSFT, but does create situations where it is better to say "no" and stay the course than take risks.
office politics, growth could be slower in more senior roles, growth sometimes dictated by who you know vs what you know
pay is not good. too many meetings and managers.
- slow career development and not that many opportunities like in its competitors
Working in the matrix can be tough for new joiners and takes a while to navigate the org. This is a big company so change is tough, it does take time and there is a lot of legacy, so while it helps to manage the chaos, it doesn't help in this digital age of constant change. The culture is shifting and the new CEO is bringing about a lot of positive changes. The compensation is not competitive anymore and the stocks offered are not inline with market competition. Finding a job internally needs a skill and it really needs to be solved for.
way too many managers and poor communication
I don't have any cons to discuss at the moment but I am still not convinced about the Performance Review changes for 2014. We will get a better understanding by September 2014.
Navigating such a large company can be a challenge. Some great leaders, but also so many mediocre managers who were promoted based on individual contributor successes.
When you leave you will have trouble finding the same level of compensation and benefits.
Difficult for new hires to get assimilated into the culture.
- You need to be proactive to be competitive with co-workers
The company is still struggling to find consumer mojo and it's disappointing to see them produce good products that they fail to market appropriately. As a result, you feel like half of the stuff Microsoft is working on is pointless. Find a group that's building something you're passionate about and you'll be fine.
it is not clear how dollar amount is distributed without rating system, there is some level of ambiguity exists, more pool of people will be in the mid bracket.
* no longer or not industry leading in most categories * projects not always tied to customer results (solutions without problems) * playing catch-u[p in cloud computing * poor management and leadership * company plays on the defensive
Company has lot of vision, but the management chain doesn't know how to execute. Trying to compete directly with competitors and show differentiation in a hurry without proper thinking. Once higher up the chain decides something to execute your effort to challenge the decision is impossible and execution will always be forced on you.
You need to be smart to succeed. Sometimes, bureaucracy can slow down process or bad management.
I've worked here 8 months and been part of 2 reorganizations. Bosses change, roles change, reporting changes.
The annual review is an excellent tool for driving people out of the company.
Well, it's a huge company. Inefficiency and bureaucracy are very easy to spot. There are easily about 30% people, if not more, who are not really contributing anything. But some of them are getting promoted due to office politics.
At the local level, the tone is set by existing network of old bodies and the grand company vision and value system break down. It seems the focus changed from external customers into the internal players and a chess game between many divisions competing against each other for resources and talents. Hence, the collaboration and the knowledge sharing suffered. Therefore, many great ideas are not expressed freely, since it would change the status quo. Another element of immaturity is the tolerance of bad behaviors to rally the team toward a deadline or P0 issue. Despite the official renouncement of stack ranging by Microsoft, the management still live by old management style and type X practice. It is time to adopt a 21st century leadership style.
But its a bit hard for promotion
The company is currently contracting in size. Advancement is a challenge. Benefits used to be awesome but, now they are below what other companies offer. You are rewarded for your work. Just opportunities to move up are few and far between due to the contraction in workforce size. There just aren't spots opening up.  The company is reinventing themselves. This could be a PRO or a CON depending on your perspective. You could view it like a REALLY big start up. Or a company on life support.
It's hard to change direction for such a large corporation, whether it's the business as a whole, or the process for an organization. Teams are often hemmed in by internal tools, processes.
Heirarchical, each role is very niche, trying to change but up hill battle with ingrained culture.
The old review system sucked big time and distracted lots of talent. Politics are still strong too. Career is #1 concern for many.
Although they are working on it, the yearly performance review system just plain sucks. They used a bell curve ranking system reminiscent of high school thus in order for someone to exceed, someone must fail even if that person was an otherwise good and skilled worker. The review system also tends to favor the butt kissers and brown nosers more then the people with actual technical talent and skill that are making the products successful. Do a good job, meet all your deadlines, and solve all the problems and you'll be rewarded as "average". But if you cc upper management in every e-mail, bragging about your minor accomplishments, you get rewarded, even if you failed to meet many deadlines and couldn't finish half your tasks.
Doesn't advance women as quickly as men nor give them equal salary. Say they're interested in your job development, but do little if nothing to promote you. Lot's of nepotism and if you don't fit the mold, you won't advance quickly if at all. We'll see if the new performance system is better than the last - but I have many friends that were laid off after many years of working there for no good reason - some of them had brilliant minds and were great workers and were laid off with poor performance evaluations even though their work was very good.
nothing negative to say, I have nothing bad to say about this company
Huge matrix organizations make it tough to navigate, multiple people doing similar roles, hard to get anything done because of how many parties need to be involved.
low salary , future is shaky
Sometimes a company to big to achieve awesome stuff
The hours can be challenging and sometimes there can be too much internal discussion before decisions get made
The stock performance is mediocre.
Benefits are not on par with silicon valley standards (no free food) Office interiors look drab and outdated Projects still take a long time to release. Though this is getting better recently
Work life balance is hard to have, especially if you want great reviews and salary increases. People are disposable and employee training is on and off in terms of availability.
Right now with the restructuring, some businesses are getting cut and others propped up. It will take some time to get everything figured out but it might be painful for some for a while
Still some pockets of "old-Microsoft" thinking. There is still lots of stream-lining to do and the changes in different disciplines' responsibilities will make it hard.
Bureaucracy and all that comes with it.
slow decision making. not much exciting projects
You will work very hard, long hours. Depending on the group you work for, your efforts will not necessarily be acknowledged.
Sometimes a company to big to achieve awesome stuff
stack rank system is terrible enabling constant peer to peer competition "i'm better than you" on-going.
It's easy to lose the forest for the trees. So much time is spent pushing bugs around, sending emails, and scheduling spec reviews that it's easy to forget about the bigger picture.
They treat contractors and vendors like second-class citizens.
Still move a little slow in shipping new features and products compared to our competition Too many people need to be part of/make a decision
Politics. Sometimes people seem out for themselves in the battle between disciplines. Waffling review system. Health benefits have degraded with conversion to HSA. Right hand never seems to know what the left hand is doing.
seems hard at finding the right focus for the company overall right now, external reputation got some hit
Process can get in the way of getting the job done.
The same sorts of problems that have plagued the company continue to do so -- vision needs to be crisper with much more selective focus, and decisions need to happen faster.
Seattle centric culture. If you are not in Seattle, you get by.
Many inexperienced managers, work-life balance can be challenging depending on team and manager
compensation can be good in the microsoft
Poor management not managed out Competing with peers doesn't lead to collaboration (this is changing)
Some platform technologies produced by the company are loosing the world dominance, while still remain very capable. But this reflects on what transferable skills one can gain in the company.
With the latest trends the company is shedding Test employees and the situation is bad. They could have moved people around but they choose to lay people off. I lost my job in the process as well.
losing its breath, lacking behind other tech giants especially in the general public / consumer
Hard to move teams. Health coverage not so great. Benefits are slowly being eroded. Review system is not the greatest. Changes are afoot and so hopefully things get better.
Health benefits are not what they once were, although I'm told they're still very good compared to other businesses. Expect to spend a fair amount of time recording medical expenses and making sure you've been billed for the right services, making sure your providers are in-network, etc.  The SDET role is very much in flux right now, since a lot of test responsibilities have been given to developers (not to mention the layoffs). The actual work for that role will depend a lot on which product/team you work on.
I do like the company.
Microsoft is a really big company and one does face different kind of challenges than other companies. One of them mainly is collaboration. Also, there could be one too many org-changes in the leadership. Training is adequate but sometimes there is not enough experimentation.
A company of the size of Microsoft has very different challenges. One of the biggest challenge is collaboration to get your work done. Also, it is very hard to not write code that has been already written. Also, there are one too many re-orgs at the leadership level.
Microsoft is a huge company, so things still tend to move rather slowly. There is a move to bring people together in one place, eliminating telecommuting and private offices for shared work spaces.
1. People thinking about their dinner more than about their job 2. Good life work balance means that people just perform their jobs as blue collar workers and not think of what they do 3. Easier job application within company: now us is almost the same as for applying to ms for the first time, applications and interviews exist for switching teams
It takes a long time to get things done, many meetings, and multiple rounds of management reviews and approval and a lot of status writing. Benefits are shrinking, but still good. Microsoft isn't the 800 pound gorilla anymore, it's the middle-aged gorilla with a beer gut.
Difficult to move within the company. Essentially, you are treated like an outsider when you want to 'interview' with a different team with Microsoft. There is hardly any collaboration between groups. There are cases where multiple teams are building the same toolset which is a serious waste of time.
I wanna follow satya nadella . and i m indian and i never give up for any difficultly . but i take such decision to fever of everyone ..
Too many meetings, performance review is stressful
the company is huge , like an ocean
Many groups are very mature (e.g. SQL, Office), and it's difficult to grow or make a difference (though you can learn much). On the other hand, immature groups may dissolve unpredictably. The style of performance review isn't healthy if measured by what it does to employee vitality.
Technical leaders are made mangers who have neither the training nor desire to people manage. Too many levels of management and as stated in other reviews the performance review system in use is archaic and not appropriate for the resources being reviewed.
Lousy management. They have no focus or direction at all and are too concerned with raw numbers and quarterly results instead of company direction or quality. Things look like they are improving under Satya N. but it is difficult to undo so many years of mismanagement quickly. Their assessment process is terrible: they rely on numbers, e.g. number of tests, lines of code instead of what those numbers represent.
Poor new review system, will take time to improve the culture.
Every employee is out for themselves, to the point there is no collaboration between divisions. Leadership teams have no clue what they want, but expect their subordinates to make them look good, despite offering little to no feedback or guidance. Leadership teams will blatantly lie to move their agenda ahead, with little to no regard for the people who report to them. Once hired, employees rarely get the job they were actually interviewed for.
none at the present time
At best mediocre work force. Microsoft is a company with several kingdoms formed by managers. No consistency in performance evaluation across the company. Career growth is decided by finding sponsors rather than doing great work. Mediocrity is rewarded while creativity is punished if not aligned with manager.
Working for Microsoft Corporation but with the status "Regional Guest Employee" in another subsidiary, my compensation and advancement stalled during my international assignment !
Work hours were pretty insane. During peak season it was 80-90 hours a week for 3-4 months. It slowed down to 40 in the non-peak season. Not great if you have a family. Review system is tough. Even if everyone on your team is performing well and doing their job well, SOMEONE still has to fill that bottom rank bucket. My advice would be to stay on top of your manager during your 1:1s. Ask them at least monthly how they would rate your performance at that time, what you can do to improve, what extra projects you can take that will allow you to shine on your team. Give your manager reasons to fight for you come June when they stack rank. Also, take on projects that give you good visibility amongst all management, including your skip level manager. If they don't know who you are, that is going to hurt you.
My only real issue is what I stated in my advice to management, where there seems to sometimes former Best Buy employees tend to be favored. And the lack of opportunities to climb the ladder unless you relocate.
Deep in the throws of change, going to take a while to settle out. As vision turns into team and individual goals there's a lot of churn and false starts. The re-orgs will be good then they're done, but right now many people are running scared
"Able to Play Politics" has taken over as the most important attribute at the company in most orgs. Stack ranking system has created a back biting atmosphere where efficiency takes a back seat to sabotaging others' work, promoting your work while denigrating (and downplaying) others' work. Has become very hard to change orgs within the company.
conservative, slow-moving, old business mode. Workflow and engineer system is years behind the industry leads.
In marketing orgs, unless you are at the top, you are not likely to get enough opportunities to grow as a team manager.
Large management hierarchy. Too many processes in place that hold off a collaborative environment. Management sometimes can be stuck with opinions.
Sometimes it can be too demanding. The management does not always remember where they came from but I suppose that is with any company.
very few, hard to leave work (cause fun), no overtime - salaried, food on site wasnt great?
Ruthless politics once on a dev lead level, cross divisional animosity, curious inability to hammer out a reasonably fair comp/ranking and rating system.
A bit of heavy process
the review system is a mess. you need to spend a lot of time telling people about the work you have done in order to be rewarded. the salary is somewhat lower than industry average in Seattle area.
only been with company for a few months and may not last more that a few months.
Lot of Politics in the workplace
Culture is very process heavy
Lots of corporate politics, cumbersome and frustrating review process, impossible to change positions if you're struggling in the one you're in. Ended up fixing other people's bugs for two years working on mostly legacy code. Manager was a jerk. The commute also sucked. Quitting was the best decision I ever made.
Very political company. It is about who you know. A big organizations full of manager that only manages and hire contractors to do the job. Layers and layers of management and projects only get approved if you are connected to the right manager.
They really don't want you taking time off. Not really a big deal for the department I work for but does get annoying when you are sick.
None that I can think ok
Lost it's prominent position in the consumer industry over the last decade
While most of the people are great to work, like all large companies, especially those under going transformation, some people simply are skating by and don't seem to care.
The leadership team is all over the place and there's not strong strategy in place. Too much politics internally, most employees are too focused on advancing up the ranks versus building awesome products.
I think things might be changing a little, but I still see a real lack of focus, with people working on shiny ball projects without solving real customer problems. Need to spend a lot of time marketing yourself to continuously be successful.
Management difficult to follow. Difficult to understand the vision of the company. Slow decisions
Absolutely ZERO work/life balance, 60-80 hrs per week standard, the review system is a popularity contest in which if you aren't the winner then you are likely the loser.
Benefits People delayed promotions based on time (no clear justifications)
Politics, politics, politics. It can be hard to move up in the company because there are so many behind the scene politics.
can do better at compensation
use entire Microsoft technology. could be isolated to external or other companies' idea/thinking
Some teams are still struck to obsolete development practices and are changing slowly but steadily.
Upper mgmt of the company cannot be trusted to do the right thing by people. Many poorly thought out and even more poorly executed HR ideas have been filtering down for years. The result is almost always lower morale, lower productivity, lower enthusiasm.
Lack of vision in the Company
Don't utilize individual potential fully and correctly, its too much business focused that end of the day people suck on innovation.
The UI is forcing me to say a Con.
Bad review system, They pit team members against each other. Front line managers are forced to choose between very talented people on their team.
Performance rating system. Too biased towards "visibility" - you have to make sure others are aware of the work and the impacts to have any chance of promotions.
Growth gets limited after certain level
I was usually so busy, I had a hard time taking vacation. I'm not good at office politics but being good at it really helps.
People are concerned with avoiding looking bad and looking good...achieving results, profit and serving customers seem like secondary objectives. Whole groups are misaligned or underutilized and the recent layoffs should only be the start of the restructuring and downsizing.
Ability to deal with ambiguity is in every job posting. You don't understand this until you join the ranks. People are told they are empowered, however this is really far from the truth. From a career growth perspective, be prepared to stay in role 3-5 years before a promotion.
A lot of time and effort is wasted on politics and their performance review system, instead of executing for the benefit of customers (the system just changed but it will take years to revert the culture it created). For example, I have seen decisions taken by management because that would improve their perfomance review on a given year, even if that would not have any impact on customers and will become almost-useless spending. "Visibility" is so important that everybody spends most of their time working on it instead of getting things done that will ultimately have a real benefit for customers. This results in massive amounts of useless email, status reports, documentation, etc., so much that it becomes impossible to keep up with it. Another negative is that you can only move laterally in the same role, and one level down if you are changing roles.
Work-life-balance is a constant struggle, especially in Corporate roles where headcount is at a premium. Corporate roles based in the field are far more sparse than in the past, which limits career development and opportunities in the field. Promotions and management opportunities are largely socially/politically driven versus on merits, expertise or leadership qualities.
Cliquish, very competitive culture against teamwork spirit
The company claims to have left stack ranking behind, but it will take years to put the mindset and culture behind them, if they ever do. They've effectively remove any nature inclination anyone has to collaborate with the management system they've built.
Some of the old school Microsoft employees are having trouble adjusting to the new Microsoft (even some executives) so you have to play the political game well.
stiff competition from known, but more so new and emerging players
Work life balance gets hard to maintain many a times!
Stock isn't doing much and the company seems to be going downhill. If it wasn't for Microsoft Office and the Xbox Microsoft would be out of business.
career growth is slow uses only microsoft technologies
Team members always talk bad about other members. Manager changed 4 times in 2 years with 4-6 month gaps of no replacement. People who have been there way too long sit on their butts and need to be pushed to complete their job. Managers that have way too much time on their hands deal with politics. Company has reduced headcount by forcing people to resign rather than firing them using brutal tactics. They keep you there as long as you are inexpensive.
Poor culture and poor communication all around. "All-hands" are mind-numbingly dull and a waste of time - nothing of real value shared. People management is an oxymoron for Microsoft - there are very few truly good people managers in the Supply Chain space. Mentality of some of the longer term staff is cutthroat which is due to the byzantine ranking system (which changed this year) - but the mentality will live on as long as there are the long-term employees. It could be an awesome place if they figure out a lot of these things - and maybe they will.
Over time the company became very politically correct and people were reticent to call a loser project a loser, kind of like the Emperor has No Clothes...
massive, lots of red tape.
There is still high amount of duplication work and unnecessary processes in some disciplines.
Once you get a bad review (a 4 or 5), start packing your bags, they'll lay off soon
Eventually devolved into demands for regular 12 hour days
Work life balance is pretty bad.
It's a giant company, and that means that there's a lot of bureaucracy and it's difficult for the average worker to have much of an influence on the direction of the company. There are constant reorganizations, which can be frustrating as you've just developed a good relationship with your legal clients, and you suddenly get new ones. It's questionable whether senior management knows what it's doing, but Satya Nadella appears to know what he's doing more than Steve Ballmer did. Microsoft's biggest weakness is its inability to move quickly. We think up great ideas, but have trouble executing on them well the first time before our competitors do. Maybe the July 2014 layoffs will make the company leaner and faster. Time will tell.
The sheer bureaucracy is astounding. During the Steve Ballmer CEO years, the different business groups acted out their own Machiavellian plays of back stabbing, sabotage, and general destruction. Interdepartmental cooperation was unheard of. Reviews were hack and slash, with everyone out for themselves, and teamwork was impossible.
everything was good, just innovation and direction wasn't good
Lots of overhead, red-tape etc. Also, the perks are getting worse year after year. The food is ok for the first months or so, and then gets boring afterward.
Still too slow to adopt change, but serious about making change. Future looks great for Microsoft
The test role is not an engineering role as much as the developer roles are, and training seems to be discouraged unless it's strictly for your current job. They pay a lot of lip-service to developing everyone to their future careers, but that only seems to matter for the current job. Also, rather political and in-fighting is common. They are trying to get rid of that, but...
The people are stifled by management and great ideas that are easy to come by are seldom developed to their full potential. The rank and yank system made everyone hoard their great ideas and stopped people from helping others. The other major drawback is the companies approach to employees, virtually no one can expect to work a full career there. They have a system in which people prefer to leave after they have all the needed experience to be great and all those great people are replaced by bright, capable college hires that want to change the world but don't have the experience to not reinvent the wheel. Also it is easy to distance themselves from the customer and make decisions with their own intuition rather than customer preference.
Management lacks vision. There is very less innovation. There are folks with lot of experience. It is good but sometimes these experienced folks does not encourage idea coming from down the ladder.
Lately politics have become a hindrance, teams often have drastically different resouce allocation. Stack ranking was often inequitable for evaluating eployee performance but I understand that stack ranking to evaluate performance has been replaced.
Work-life balance was terrible but got much better in recent years. It is beginning to degrade again. Some teams and organizations have it much better than others, some are pretty terrible. Strong feeling around the company of being behind in technology. Building configuration is being changed from separate offices with several common gathering areas to large "open" areas of cubicles and general open areas of gathering amongst the cubicles.
company culture not supporting innovation
Great work life balance and compensation
Your experience will vary between teams, but one thing that was consistent (for me, at least) is that most of my time was spent focusing on politics and processes. Though I had the opportunity to work on some popular products, the only way I could ever get my work done (according to expectations) is if I stayed late in the day (most of the time was spent in meetings, dealing with build processes, iterating specs with the team, answering literally hundreds of e-mails a day, helping test team troubleshoot issues) -- unfortunately, a lot of this does not really get accounted in your workload, and in those cases where it does, it's almost impossible to correctly estimate how long those things will take, since it relies on your entire team to work 100% efficiently. I believe work/life balance is actually possible here, but it's only at the expense of getting a positive review. Accountability is important, but most of the time, it felt like I was taking the blame (or being punished for) someone else's poor performance on the team. At the same time, you don't want to point fingers, because it makes you look equally bad. Really the only time I was happy was when I was working late to make everything seem like it was on schedule, or I was on a team with no slackers. Sometimes people would not hold up their end of the workload (say if they were more junior people in their role) and management would expect you to help them do their job, but would not properly account for this in the estimates.  Over time I eventually learned to manage these things better with politics. Yes, people who have worked in corporations already are familiar with this problem, but at Microsoft, the politics are significantly magnified. People are super smart here and are always trying to make their job easier and take advantage of people who are not as politically savvy. Therein lies the true problem. I eventually left Microsoft, since it felt like most of my time (almost 70%) was spent politicking and handling processes. Coupled with a decrease quality in the products (the gradual results of their work environment) and a lot of other, good people leaving the company. Microsoft seemed to be going downhill.  Though Enterprise and Azure have really taken off recently, I don't think it will be enough to compensate for the decline of Windows revenue in the end. Surface was an unfortunate flop, and Windows Phone + Bing are sucking money from the company. Xbox 360 was doing great when I left, but now even Xbox One is looking like a poor performer, which is really concerning for the company as a whole, when you combine these things together. Office and Azure are really the only areas left that see significant potential and though Office 365 has showed promise, its revenue is really not enough to make up for the loss in Office desktop sales that are surely to come with the decline of Windows desktops.  So please be careful. It's no surprise they had layoffs recently. Despite most of them being in the Nokia division (because of the Nokia merger) still a considerable chunk of few people in Redmond (even top performers) were simply laid off because of the group they happened to be in. They were forced to leave or re-interview for a new positions in the company (which really does not work in your favor when many others are also interviewing due to of the lay offs). A similar approach was used in 2009. It was devastating to morale. Coupled with the "layoffs continuing to happen over the course of the year" really would not recommend anybody apply to Microsoft at least until late 2015.  The company is undergoing significant changes though to make it self "more efficient." But it's too soon to tell what that really means. Some people suspect that this will be the people who exercised their work/life balance, while at the same time, they will like increase the number of foreign workers who are willing to work the really crazy hours.  None of this is encouraging. Luckily, these days there are much better place to work and have a good life balance.  So now is definitely *NOT* the time to consider Microsoft. Look elsewhere and maybe reconsider in late 2015 is my humble recommendation.
Management is not good, lots of politics between groups and people are treated as objects. Loyalty or time spent with the company makes no difference.
The people...they're a great pro, but some (a lot?) have been here too long and have grown complacent and lazy. Lots of bureaucracy but this is slowly improving with the new leadership
Switching to other teams within Microsoft is insanely hard. Sometimes you dont get the feel of where the company is moving to early enough.
The environment in Microsoft is very aggressive and people with similar roles are actively competing against each other. The recent re-orgs (7/14) have been very disconcerting since employees aren't sure when the changes are going to stop.
Nothing obvious as for an intern.
- The review system encourages "networking" or as I like to call it brown nosing in many instances. - Not everybody can keep trending up, but they can still do a wonderful job. The company does a poor job of recognizing that. - The move to combined engineering is a mess. We have managers who want to transition to the new agile methods but want to apply waterfall evaluation methods, which doesn't make sense. The next few years is going to be a make or break for employees and many could be frustrated with the half assed move to combined engineering. - Moving to new teams is not easy, lots of openings do not get published in the internal career site. - Testers and Developers are evaluated differently. Testers are expected to do a little bit of everything, i.e. PM, Dev & Test while Developers aren't. In the combined engineering model, this mode of operation will not fly. - Senior testers who are now merged with Developers will find it hard to "compete" with their Dev counterparts, as testers are now expected to be more Dev's than Testers. It's not a level playing field anymore. - Testing in self is going on the wayside at Microsoft. While some rethinking of testing is done is necessary, I don't think the current approach of letting Scrum teams do all their testing is going to fly. Look at some of the reviews of the Microsoft apps in the store, they are horrendous.
Grossly inefficient internal tools and practices. Layers of bureaucracy and a constant hunger games review cycle. Despite recent leadership changes and lip service well received by the media, the company has not really changed. Technical leaders of yesteryear are long-gone. A lot of people in "coast mode". There are more people than work, even after layoffs. Middle management stopped doing technical work long time ago.
- The review system encourages "networking" or as I like to call it brown nosing in many instances. - Not everybody can keep trending up, but they can still do a wonderful job. The company does a poor job of recognizing that. - The move to combined engineering is a mess. We have managers who want to transition to the new agile methods but want to apply waterfall evaluation methods, which doesn't make sense. The next few years is going to be a make or break for employees and many could be frustrated with the half assed move to combined engineering. - Moving to new teams is not easy, lots of openings do not get published in the internal career site. - Testers and Developers are evaluated differently. Testers are expected to do a little bit of everything, i.e. PM, Dev & Test while Developers aren't. In the combined engineering model, this mode of operation will not fly. - Senior testers who are now merged with Developers will find it hard to "compete" with their Dev counterparts, as testers are now expected to be more Dev's than Testers. It's not a level playing field anymore. - Testing in self is going on the wayside at Microsoft. While some rethinking of testing is done is necessary, I don't think the current approach of letting Scrum teams do all their testing is going to fly. Look at some of the reviews of the Microsoft apps in the store, they are horrendous.
Company has new CEO and is going through a major transition. MS just closed the Nokia Devices deal and then 3 months later cut the company in half along with a lot of MS employees also.
Leadership is "land grabbing" whatever is left - it's very political and leaders are trying to make new roles for themselves. Too many people trying to work together, less decisions being made.
Not too many cons to mention here. I enjoyed the relationships and experiences.
At a certain level things get too political - simple decisions take forever
Duplication of jobs is an issue here. Difficult to get promoted. It's a large company so you have to network and build your advocacy. Otherwise, you're just a #.
some what slow paced at times
No clear performance review structure, my manager had no clue what my previous manager decided for me..i get no advice on what to improve on!  I work in an old org and wanna leave asap. It kills your brain cells just being in that environment. You have to send out long emails frequently and make a lot of noise to get promoted. The raise and bonus is a complete joke.  Did I mention, absolutely boring work?
Things are very hit or miss, depending on your team and manager. There's a lot of complacency among the ranks. New leadership not worried about the employee's needs.
Your ability to be successful in a sales role is strongly dependent on the random quota-setting process and how many of your accounts have renewals scheduled for their Enterprise Agreements in the fiscal year.
- Lots of politics. You can't just rely on your lead. Best is to keep in loop everyone about your work and do have written record like email what you talk or discuss with your lead.  - Once you get bad review, there is not much you can do as you are threatened to leave the company instead of actually justifying. And, then you can't even apply in other teams in Microsoft if your rating is bad.  - Poor management because of which ICs have low motivation & energy  - People are more eager to get good review and that too not by really working but rather use their links
Company has new CEO and is going through a major transition. MS just closed the Nokia Devices deal and then 3 months later cut the company in half along with a lot of MS employees also.
Product group culture and standards are pretty varied.
Current management without vision and they seems to not know where they are going long term
Bureaucracy and slow decision making can be very limiting to forward progress.
It is slow at times, and you have to figure how to stay busy
The last few years have left me cold. Who are we kidding, anyway? We are irrelevant. Say it with me - "WE ARE IRRELEVANT." Read any online rag, and you'll see *maybe* a handful of mentions of Microsoft. Our days on top are over. The world has moved on, but the problem is we still have way too much money. We're like a bunch of spoiled trust fund kids, playing with Daddy's money and protecting our big bonuses. I'm no longer proud to work here. And don't even get me started on the "new" review system that was supposed to fix the culture. It is still cut-throat, brutal and competitive. Our souls have long ago curdled like so much chocolate milk left too long in the free pop refrigerators.
Having to deal with a lot of non-performers
Changing the culture will take some time
Hard work and my boss was tough
Slow to get stuff done
It is really difficult to get into a position where you can make a difference. The company values state that they want leaders that solve organization problems, as well as write code or whatever. This is reflected in reviews down to the individual contributor level. You will need to have great communication skills if you want to overcome the inertia of just solving the assigned tasks and have your insights understood and innovate.
Politics, non-committal direction, lack of business strategy
Lot of players that need to be convinced. It can get frustrating sometimes. Too many solutions within the company for the same problem.
There are a lot of review meetings regardless of the job function. Perhaps this is normal for a big company, but spending 20-40% of my time building decks instead of focusing on customers, markets, products seems excessive. Projects/product teams with the combination of great managers, great teams, big impact initiatives were hard to find. The extreme focus to deliver numbers makes it hard for new products to gain mindshare within the company.
Extremely poor management. MS promotion policy tends to move good schmoozers up and leave behind the excellent technical staff, and in some cases push those staff out of the company.
management layers are in the way
but it is lack of growth space
Microsoft is in a very competitive landscape, and they are struggling to keep up with the competition. The entire company has been going through a protracted reorganization, which causes teams to lose focus and direction. It can be hard to get things done in the current environment, but perhaps after all the dust settles the changes will pay off. Promotion can be quick at first, but very slow as you become more experienced.
The performance review process is not that straightforward.
You will be stuck at using mostly Microsoft internal tools. Opensource and latest technology in the market will be hard to use.
Expectations not always communicated clearly.
Lots of travel, Have to participate in unwanted training
the company has long working hours and no work life balance there is no time for personal growth
Cloudy vision for some areas. Satya Nadalla seems to have a cohesive vision for a unified Microsoft. There will be some growing pains, but well worth it.
Slow promotion rate Your lead is your company
Often out of touch with market trends. Depending on the group, true collaboration and innovation is rare as employees compete against peers, within the group and cross-group.
The benefits are not as good as they used to be. The pay is also not as good as it once was. The company is in a constant state of change.
Huge company. Sometimes not as agile as you'd like.
Need better direction for the whole company. Change is slow but happening.
A 'no'-driven culture: have to prove a lot before one can experiment or try something, vs a 'yes'-driven culture that invites experimentation and risks until deemed the wrong thing to do.
If you are a leaf node not clear that mangers more than two levels above you know what's going on. If you aren't diligent enough to insist on challenging roles you can get stuck in boring roles and spiral downward. Very process heavy. Many managers are religious about process. Size of the company and code base means many interactions making development slow. You will probably spend alot of time dealing with issues in code that isn't yours (could be pro or con depending on who you are).
- working on a tiny part of the huge project, doesn't help to feel ownership and limits the amount of learning - some of the decisions are driven by politics and from the top, which leaves engineers to pay for management games - source version control that makes it very hard to have multiple local feature branches. This noticeably decreases productivity - perks are very average (rare offsites to cinema, coffee machines and much appreciated foosball and pool tables), especially when comparing to Silicon Valley companies
Everyone wants to play safe, not do anything to upset the apple cart.
Work life balance could be better
Culture needs to improve more, needs to be more collaborative in real sense, and work on the mindset of building on each other's successes
Redmond is the worst place on earth and so is the traffic that comes with it, they will never win, it's not actually as easy to move internally as they make it sound, company culture is vicious and unwelcoming, there is a perception problem that they probably won't ever be able to kick
competitive environment, short term goals
Upper management could listen more to there employees.
Management is the worst. They talk from both sides of their mouths, one side is to make themselves look good and the other to simply pass on the policies that have been put before then and never implement and the employee is the one that suffers
Bad work life balance. Competitive work environment, getting people to collaborate takes a lot of work. Wrong people in management positions - smart people who were great IC but don't care about their people. The recent flattening of engineering org mean little to no career opportunities to engineers.
there are some beuraucratic issues
Sometimes a lot of bureaucracy, the normal sort you expect from a big company. Frequent re-orgs waste almost a month every year... or more.  Slow promotion process to get to a Lead or Manager position. In *years* there, I've only seen a few people leave lead positions, and only a couple people move into lead positions from the individual contributor ranks.  Review process is not fun. There's a lot of competition and it's a forced bell curve. I spend a large portion of my time working to distinguish myself and grab projects from others so that I could get into the top 30% bracket... otherwise, you might get randomly laid off if the company is going through a re-org. Sometimes a whole team might get low review scores, just because another team was deemed more important. (Supposedly they dumped the review ratings, but they still rate you and use that to determine your bonus and promotions. And the bonus is still on a forced curve. Now they just don't tell you the score, but you can still figure it out based on the bonus percentage you get.)  Also, the SDE vs SDET thing is not the best, however, it should be improving. In the past SDE could dump garbage over the fence and SDET had to test, find bugs, help with fixes, and then get in trouble for slowing down the feature RI, or shipping date. The company is trying to put more responsibility on the SDE's for code quality, and if they succeed, then great! But I'll believe it when I see it.
Policies are very strict, and it takes a while to get to know all the rules and lingo, but that's the only real issue. That and fanatics of other tech companies will never stop giving you crap about your company.
A terrible bureaucracy at times. Too many layers of direct and matrixed management. An enormous DISCONNECT at the middle management level between executive strategy and what's actually happening on the ground. Runs primary in the levels Sr. Director and General Managers, but occasionally hits CVP and Directors. Too much managing up, and not enough care given to support teams. Too much empire building and not enough doing what's right for One Microsoft. The irony is that even at the CEO level, the executives get it. It's that middle management layer that is keeping Microsoft from being the nimble company it needs to be to stay competitive in the longer term.
Microsoft has many sub-cultures. On one hand it can have petty territorial battles that is targeted only to further interests of an individual and his/her chosen few with little flexibility and no personal consideration. The more hour one puts in (be it working or just socializing and building relationships) is seen as more valuable than someone who is efficient and gets things done. In right environment that dynamic does change to 'getting it done' attitude. It is a high pressure and demanding environment and place where one has to learn to live with ambiguity and change of direction, frequently.
too many politics - be sure to develop the right friendships
Silos within work groups. Average pay. Politics and no transparancy in reviews. Some areas are not amenable to upward mobility. The company is so big that it has lost its agility to respond quickly to the changing technology landscape.
It's become a VERY big place with a lot of fiefdoms. Advancing ideas requires willingness to not only make a case but in some cases extreme political gamesmanship. Too many eggs in one basket in terms of revenue generating products.
The company shift functional areas organization has limited the impact a single individual can have on business beyond their core function. When Microsoft had smaller division and team of cross function people you could be doing Product Management and Planning while also doing business management all in the same role.
Many employees have been there so long that they may have lost some context about the real world. In Office, for example, they were unwilling to incorporate mobile devices as a 1st experience until way too late - despite multiple voices calling for it. And you can see a similar delay with Office apps for IOS. This self-centeredness also extends to management. When someone is doing well, that person is golden. When someone isn't doing well, there's no safety net. It's extremely Ayn Randian. I was there nearly 20 years - I started as an individual contributor contractor, and worked my way up to group manager (managing managers). I believed in the review system and the company for at least 15 of those years - complainers just couldn't hack it, I thought. But I honestly realize now that there is a blind spot with regard to human performance. People can still be great performers and contributors even after they've failed to deliver in a particular circumstance. Perhaps Satya will impact that for the better.
Office politics. Risk averse middle management. declining benefits - health insurance and food options.
Slow to react to market opportunities and often disconnected from customer needs due to its size. Bureaucracy and accountability overlap makes for a place where if you're not persistent it's hard to get things done. Often the most aggressive are rewarded leaving a trail of less aggressive but smarter and better people behind.
things are slow. Management doesnt care for people. They say managers are here to help with careers but they couldnt care less. Worst performance review process.  Hardwork is not properly appreciated. Manager can always find 10 random reasons to screw you.
Too much emphasis on processes and hierarchy. Not a great environment for teamwork. Leadership lacks vision, too afraid to execute on bold ideas, grassroot ideas never gets recognized.
politics, bureaucracy, test not respected or have as much influence as other roles, the sense that no matter how great your reviews are you can be let go at any time for any reason, job security is very low
Tons of bureaucracy, middle management, and red tape. Very frustrating not working in Redmond as that's where most important decisions originated.
Old technology, isolated from the rest of IT world Too many vendors, especially from india Slow promotion speed: for engineers, it's normal to take 3 years to be promoted for 1 level
There is a tradition of open discussion, and your ideas can get heard - no matter what your position in the organization. The other side of this is the debate never stops, so decisions are rarely explicit, and often not completely followed. This causes a good deal of chaos for employees and for customers.  People are willing to collaborate when invited, but there's not a great culture of inviting collaboration. Many times I found engineers view reinventing on their own as easier alternative to finding the right people to collaborate with and starting a dialog. Similarly, people have their own ideas about priorities, and aren't always willing to listen or collaborate on aligning priorities.  Often teams build what they want to build rather than figure out what customers need and how to work with other teams to deliver that.  There is a culture of only solving problems by programming. I saw problems that were non-programming problems get ignored, or addressed as if they were programming problems.  Many of the leaders are engineers who understand the engineering and processes very well, but are less effective as leaders of people.  There is often an arrogant attitude that we know this business and what's needed better than our competitors or users.
Too many redundancies between different orgs.
- Test is becoming a dying breed
The company culture seems "stupid". Management ignored problems pushed up from the bottom rungs and even the managers at the lower rungs would hide problems under the rug rather than escalate. Everyone in management was purely focused on hitting their "milestones", rather than ensuring major bugs and problems got fixed. Team leaders pushed employees to simply do as told rather than innovate. Also, upper management pushed "pet projects and features" into products that clearly would gain nothing from adding those features, other than to help someone get promoted for getting his/her feature into the market. It was like working in a Dilbert cartoon strip. Poor decisions are made, engineers try to deliver, critics are silenced and ignored, all the engineers see the train wreck coming, then it happens. upper managers gets promoted for hitting deadlines, the product fails in the market, engineers are punished with bad reviews and quit. Repeat.
Leadership in sales organizations is becoming increasingly dis-ingenious...the company is in danger of losing it's core values of doing everything for customers to help them realize their full potential. Now it's sell everything you can to a customer, even if they don't need it and then move on. Back stabbing and assigning blame are on the rise.
At the end of the day leadership of the business owners has to align with the CEO. If it doesn't they need to move on.
no clear career growth, difficulty in changing job within the company, slow pace, not many top notch people anymore.
Huge corporation that still has difficulties with true collaboration and partnership within the company. Review system does not foster trust or partnership among colleagues and co-workers.
A huge company can take a long time to change course or make decisions.
too large and now a bureaucracy.
- strategy not always clear
Leadership in sales organizations is becoming increasingly dis-ingenious...the company is in danger of losing it's core values of doing everything for customers to help them realize their full potential. Now it's sell everything you can to a customer, even if they don't need it and then move on. Back stabbing and assigning blame are on the rise.
Work life balance is poor
Unless your project is high priority, it's hard to make an impact. And most of the people that I worked with have families to take care, so there is really no social with your coworkers in my case. When I first started I thought I could make a different, but looking back, I barely scratched the surface.
Long-term bias against the company by customers and competitors, Stack-Rank culture
Frustrating politics and indecisive management can make things rough. Lots of work left to do to change the engineering culture to modern standards, but I think Satya is up to the challenge.
Stack ranking SUCKS, if you turn crank (even if you are doing great job) you will be asked to leave. You must be able to walk on water.
Very "big-company" and bureaucratic.
Currently dealing with growing pains, due to lack of foresight of current state of IT industry developments
Some managers were not open minded and did not understand the technologies they were trying to develop tools for. Lots of time wasted in meetings.
There's too much competition between employees. It's a problem that was supposedly addressed, but it hasn't been yet. This company needs to pick up the slack.
There are Layoffs, Not for foreigners who need green card.
Big, so your results may vary.
Work life balance and internal politics often make the company a frustrating place to work. While I have heard of groups where the work culture is relaxed, I have never seen them or been a part of it. Internal advancement and opportunities can be very frustrating to understand and difficult to understand.  Many senior and middle managers still believe in a culture of intimidation and oppressive culture. There is a move to try and change this culture but these behaviors are hard change. I have high hopes for Microsoft, though it's future remains cloudy.
-Constant restructuring and shuffling employees around office buildings. -Many redundancies exist within the company making it difficult to do your job at times. -For a technology company they don't put enough focus and time into their internal tools.
Hard to get a promotion. I personally applied for 10 positions outside of my home store and only had one interview, you will be lucky to get a thanks but no thanks email. The company hires based off of your gender and race not based off of skill. Hire a TON of Best Buy people. Little to no marketing about the stores. Too many products rotating in stock makes it hard to stay current on training and keep customers happy.
bad management, wrong direction, especially new CEO
Too frequent reorg. Before you settle into a role it will be changed.
Typical retail expectations and scheduling. Limited growth at specific locations. Too many false promises of advancement to individuals who may not be qualified.
If you are not in Seattle/Redmond/Bellevue, WA you have no long term prospects for growing your marketing career beyond a Senior Manager position. Eventually, you will be paid at the high-end of what is allocated for your career band and then you will be managed out, regardless of your performance.
You will be cornered in the Microsoft stack of technologies
You will be cornered in the Microsoft stack of technologies
Cultural barriers Old school Too huge to make impact
poor marketing. company view on innovation
The leadership could us a bit of work.
often just feel like a cog in the wheel, hard to advance very far if you start your career here
By regularly ejecting many of the company's best, senior employees and leaders (since 2009), the clear message is to invest your long term career elsewhere.
- teams can be hit or miss - switching teams can be a nightmare
Program management is horrible not flexible, full of politics
Culture is aggressive and sometimes destructive. People don't help each other, but that is slowly changing with the new ways of the review system. Will take time but there is hope.
- Depending on team, might be slow to promote.
Can be difficult to change roles/work group teams
Innovation is lacking, lot of talented engineers but executives are not on pars with google, facebooks, and apple when it comes to promote creative ideas. This is due to remanent of Steve Balmer legacy.
Negative environment, success is viewed by your immediate manager, not your deliverables. If you are a female you are expected to behave and look like a man. Not an inclusive or diverse culture in behaviors.
Enterprise products are slow moving, no chance for big rearchitecture/innovation work.
Boy club, bad manager stay because they have good connection.
- Lost in Numbers - Expectation to be "Microsoft Fanboys and girls"
Management structure not the best to enable people to take risk.
Company is going through a lot of changes. Depending on where you are there are lot of reorgs. Usual big company problems. Difficult to make radical changes.
Politics can take a lot of time to resolve. Way more overhead than they need - it can get in the way of delivering on time.
Management might get too convoluted, thereby bringing in lots of processes and bureaucracy which at times might affect innovation and risk taking appetite.
To move up or expand your career you really have to either move around the company a lot or leave Microsoft for a few years and return, rinse and repeat. There needs to be more of a push to continually educate employees on new technology and push employees for new ideas. Also the reorg back at the end of 2013 seems to have made budgets vastly imbalanced across orgs unfortunately.
SLOPPY management, leadership team did not communicate at all, blame was pushed to Product Advisors always, school/family emergencies were disregarded, when seeking growth in company, leadership says to "know your place".
Favoritism work life balance was not there changing schedules all the time senior mgmt did not know what they were doing
For some department it's hard to compete with other head company. There are so many employee here some decisions are difficult to make.
Execution of bold ideas remains a challenge. Strategy too prone to be influenced by competitors career growth beyond senior requires a benefactor
Too many changes in senior leadership
Still a juggernaut, and any changes will take almost a year to settle in.
CEO and coterie of disconnected VP running divisions with no apparent connection to reality.
1.) A lot of ingrained culture 2.) A lot of bureaucracy 3.) A lot of churn in management
There is little sense of TEAM accomplishments, team successes are a moral boost but what counts is individual achievements. Hard to stay and specialize on any one product.
Working on 2 projects simultaneously isn't easy , long shifts
Performance review process needed improvement at the time but I think by 2014 this has been addressed
Review system -which is changed this year - have to wait and see.
Employee morale is beaten up due to so many years of poor leadership from Steve Balmer
Depends on the manager , sometimes he is really biased and can give a bad review even when worked hard
Long hours but sometimes it's fine
Work life balance has been worse than running my own company. A lot of ego's get in the way of team work and what is best for the customer. Just put the ego aside and the possibilities are endless!
review plan was the worse....forced 50+% of company to get average or below in a company that brags about super achievers
Laggards in web, mobile, SaaS
Hiring Process Sucs. No Work life balance.
There is a lot of maneuvering to be taken into account when attempting anything, and by this I mean social and political wheeling and dealing. But this is expected from such a large corporation!
* Consultants hired by management control the game most of the time so be careful * Too big and slow moving * Internal IT team tends to be very friendly but they push back like there is no tomorrow * Antithesis of lean most of the time
If you are in a Bay Area Team, everything depends on Redmond from big decisions, to components you depend on. It's difficult and not rewarding to be so tied to redmond and not have the autonomy to innovate.
Many layers of management so processes are slow.
The emphasis has shifted from encouraging long-term career track jobs.
Bad pay, bad management, work overtime without being compensated. I ended up working here for several months often trying to keep up with the work and when I put in my hours I would only be paid for 40. No one wants to work this job while being told the pay rate should be versus what your actually being compensated for.
Too much politics. The people you work with will be smart, but good luck finding good people.
You do have to put long hours keeping pace with technology changes and moving forward
Falling behind in innovation trajectory. Needs a new wow factor to compete.
not challenging enough and the company values not so great
Management is often out of touch and tends to make poor decisions as a result. Microsoft is a large company and there are organizations within that suffer from poor morale due to bad management.
Worst place for a SDET All SDET's fear to eventually going to get fired / lay-off Dev's mostly are arrogant depending on team, and treat SDET's as 2nd class citizens The environment currently is extremely negative after Nadella started laying off people
High intensity requires thoughtful prioritization to avoid burnout -- you need to be assertive about what should and shouldn't be a priority. Variations still exist across work groups - there are amazing divisions / teams, and others that are so-so
Seattle rains a little bit.
Not having the right people to work with. I have the skills but I don't know how to find myself in the industry.
Unfortunate to say but sometimes H1B visa employees from India will only hire people from their Country.
Food selection not as good as other locations. Training was everywhere but hard to get to. In most cases everything was learn as you go not you might need to know this.
They always keep scaring you about performance, instead of giving freedom to work and nurture progress and efficiency of employees
Has its usual share of big company challenges on topics of compensating and growing the top folks adequately.
There are too many processes and overhead, MS is very bureaucratic. The company is too disconnected between teams & departments. There is insufficient promotion of moving within the company between teams.
can have long hours, promotions, managers managing that should not be managers, eliminate forced stack ranking
Lots of re-orgs and movement that can disrupt work. It is difficult to work cross-team or org. Can be a bit of crony-ism in management. Sometimes hard to feel like you make a big difference in such a large company.
Redmond-centric. Despite being a global organization, there is still a strong pull toward Redmond, and unless you live there, some job opportunities just aren't available to you, that can limit growth. It is unclear what you need to do to get a promotion, and management can seem capricious when it comes to promoting. Closed-mindedness about the strategic landscape. This is not universally true in the company, and I feel that our current leadership is much more aware of the landscape in which Microsoft operates and what we need to do to succeed. But amongst the rank-and-file it's not uncommon to run into those who decry any product that isn't Microsoft's as sub-par, or deride anybody who chooses to use a competing product in their personal lives. The attitude can be frustrating for people who simply love technology, wherever it comes from, and enjoy using hot products, even if they come from the competition.
1) you may be lost if you are not self motivated 2) There is not enough people interaction
This company has failed in almost every way it could. With its stack ranking system it aggressively pitted its own people against each other and wholly sacrificed any software company's most critical asset - cooperation. Amazingly, in their greed to squeeze out more productivity, senior management failed to predict that this would happen. This is supposedly a company of exceptionally bright people, and yet management could not predict something as obvious as that? Along with cooperation, they lost morale, enthusiasm, innovation and team spirit. Working for Microsoft is like being in the Mafia, where every team and every individual is looking to take each other out. This is a verbatim quote from my former manager: "When you talk to someone from {Team X}, smile, but hold a knife behind your back". Those two teams, which needed to work closely together to achieve any modicum of success, were locked in an epic WAR which was dysfunctional, ultimately laughable, and most of all *typical* at Microsoft. Neither side shared an ounce of information about their system, critically needed for the other side to integrate their software into, and the result was an execution failure as absolute as the disregard for the final product that each contributor shared. Like a Big Brother-style reality TV series, Microsoft brings out the worst in people, and not surprisingly, in the software they need to produce as a team. Also, do not think that you will be able to innovate at Microsoft. They talk (read: lie) a big game about innovation, but the fate of new ideas is that they take a long (several years), winding and highly political campaign path and ultimately always end in the trash bin. Unless, of course, Google releases the same idea in the meantime, then there might be a chance. Why? Because Microsoft does not innovate. It never has. Its MO is "embrace and extend". Wait for others to invent, copy the successful inventions with more resources, and try to steal those inventions away from others. The other great failure of this company was not to recognize that that model could only have success in the slow-moving 20th century. I remember being brought into an all-hands meeting where it was explained to us that we need not worry about Google's acquisition of YouTube. Now that we've seen its success, we were told that Microsoft was going to come into the market second and trounce the competition, as it always does, with its new product "MSN Soapbox". Yea, OK. Has anyone ever heard of that? If you work at Microsoft, you will be told that they want you to innovate, but it is literally only an internal propaganda campaign. Lying to the troops ultimately does not inspire them.
Work life balance is always an issue, but you have to take control of your own WLB because the company will take as much as you give it.
Work/Life Balance, Highly competitive environment & Need to Travel a lot
Very political in nature as are most big companies. Work/life balance is almost non-existent unless you are young and single. Stack rank made it very difficult to move up in the past.
Stress and burn out with weekly releases! Review times are stressful as well! Management doesnt' seem to care!
some managers don't know how to manage people, work load is unreasonable, too many re-orgs
Very fast paced, sometimes crazily so.
Can be difficult to navigate due to size of the company. Can be very political.
Location is not desirable if you live anywhere but Redmond or Bellevue. The commute is more horrible than eer before from Seattle or any direction, for that matter. The company is not agile enough and is crippled with a lot of people that shouldn't be managers. Employees are smart, which unfortunately gets in the way of doing what is best for customers, although most of the time their hearts are in the right place.
Constant excuses and blame politics, lopsided workloads with too many sycophants and cronies.
People are somewhat institutionalized after working here for decades. The company struggles to attract and keep the best people.
On your feet a lot, sales are extremely competitive
Awful culutre, that is disorganized. No empowerment to make decisions. Coming from other Fortune 50 companies, you are given less responsibility than interns.
Cut-throat, stressful, "bell curve" performance structure, not aligned with partners, employees have major ego problems and a huge (unwarranted) sense of entitlement, to "grow" in your career, you have to be in redmond
Too much processes and iterations
Working in the Silicon Valley, while a nice environment, there is a limit on how far you can progress in your career. Very few leadership position.
Perks (especially outside of Seattle) are so-so and getting to be fewer every year Google/Apple/Amazon have many more perks. That said, perks aren't everything.
Internal politics, siloism, territorial behavior in and between product group sometimes got in the way of the right decisions.
We got a lot of fun in this company
Roles vary from team to team. The test role can be extremely interesting in some parts of the company, while in others it can be not challenging at all.
Some of the organizational structure is miss matched to the financial structure i.e. products get assigned budget that may not be related to revenue. Makes sense for some products but revenue generators should be able to keep more i.e. product leaders have no real incentive in increasing revenue and decreasing cost. Also the new triad model means most things are done by committee.
The company has very long working hours sometimes and its difficult to balance personal life and professional life. But this is the only negative aspect about the company.
needed a change and decided to pursue opportunities outside of the company.
personal growth collaboration behavior of some colleagues
Some politics in some teams.
There is some gap between Microsoft and outside industry technologies. Would be nice if Microsoft involves more with the open source world.
too hierarchical and sometimes it is by years of service which is odd
over loaded and overwork in midnight, bad in communication between departments. hard to find balance of live and qualify of living
Pay took a dive, our customer first people-centric culture went out the door, the people upstairs are constantly changing the policies and customers pay the price, HR is NOT YOUR FRIEND, this company is very click-ish when you get to the corporate side or even just upper in store management you will see it. If someone simply doesn't like you, you'll get crucified. If you are sent to a specialty store, god bless you, that's where I was and prepare to do twice the work as the full line stores, and get none of the respect. Everyone from full line stores (kids working 20 hours a week and don't have a clue about windows) will look down at you like the bottom of the barrel.
Dysfunctional culture, leadership confusion, hoarding of information by colleagues, no incentive to do well as a team, brutally political environment that impedes getting work done.
Out of touch. Complacency is the norm.
too big, need to more leaders
Having to do more work than others when you're good at what you do but that's everywhere
Dealing with prima donnas most days.
opportunities for advancement tough in Mountain View
no work-life balance if you have a family
As with any large company, Microsoft has a very bureaucratic environment and internal politics.
- it is about knowing more people - networking is must
Microsoft needs strong leadership to deliver great results that it is totally capable of. Unfortunately, MS is follower of its competitor and its strategy is mostly driven by what others are doing and try to catch up for the most part except in few areas where it is leader.
At times team-wide pressure to work long hours.
bad teamwork, not enough support from management outside of your team, cut throat environment
Crazy, ever-changing, historically hostile management. New CEO *should* change this for the better, but he'll also have to bring vision which has been lacking.
Straight hourly and no compensation or stock.
Huge company, not even a company really, a ton of smaller companies that don't always work well together. Huge products like Windows, Office, etc. can stop innovation that might lead to competition. Many larger groups are run top down and giving feedback can be difficult, especially around arbitrary technical decisions.
1) The level you enter Microsoft determines your future, not your work or value to the company. 10 year vets watching fresh MBAs come in with no experience at L63+. Management just wants good looking resumes on their team 2) Politics POLITICS!!! It's funny in the new MS Poll the #1 word cloud was politics. Management was taken back, as they are not sure what politics means in the workplace (So blatantly lying to employees)
Lots of politics, it's not necessarily easy to get good reviews Lots of bureaucracy, a lot of reluctance to do things differently, even if it's for the best In general you get to work on proprietary technology only, so that's not so great when you want to work somewhere else There are way more managers than necessary
- Too slow to adapt and can be very bureaucratic sometimes - It is too big, so learning opportunities can be limited compared to smaller companies especially for the beginners - Engineering systems are in need of a big overhaul
Lots of re-orgs (which can be a pro if you like constant change) and employee focus turns from trying to advance in a position to hoping they don't eliminate the position. People are constantly stressed about impending doom and must learn to work with new managers/teams frequently. Messaging around reorgs can be vague. Employees must be very flexible and adaptable which is great, but the re-orgs can also be taxing. Morale always takes a hit. Budget is uncertain and employees feel they're constantly on-boarding, realigning priorities and adjusting to new work styles.
Old Microsoft culture of reinventing the wheel and politics dies hard
Corporate doesn't always understand what goes on in the field.
Figuring out who owns what. Because the company is so large, it can be tough to understand the responsibilities of various teams and groups. But, it is pretty easy to just ping someone within a group and ask "what does your team work on?"
"Don't reinvent the wheels" so we need to bear some interesting stuff everyday... Also your income is not that different even if you've got great reviews.
do not know customers
Need to manage up to get promoted, less focus on product and user compared to other companies like google/apple/etc
Not very good at consumer stuff. Re-orgs all the time and is incapable of taking seriously any business which is under $200m - they shut them down as being "too small". Also in tech there is such negativity around Microsoft it does not always look good on your resume (at least in the US, much better in international markets).
Too much micro-management and stepping on others so you can move up.
Very poor management. Inter group polytics are crazy
Depends on the team that you're on. Some are very poor work/life balance, others are boring, etc. But, because of the Pro, you can simply start looking elsewhere within the company to find a better fit for yourself.
If you can put up with incompetent managers and engineers, it's not a bad place to work. This might be true in a lot of companies so it might not be any different. I noticed that there are a lot of principal level engineers that are pretty incompetent. All you have to do is present yourself well in meetings, create good presentations, and take credit from other's work and you get promoted very quickly. Talk about meetings...There's a ton of them. I've never worked for a company that have so many meetings. Most of them are just a waste of time. No wonder I don't have time to do real work.
work/life balance is talked about, but the expectation is different
Stress More stress Did I mention it can be stressful?
Can be a little bureaucratic, sometimes hard to make progress because there can be a lot of inertia to overcome. Perks and pay are not as good as other companies in the industry.
There are still times when lack of focus/coordination causes us to not deliver all that a "one Microsoft" vision could provide. This will come in time under Satya Nadella. He is amazing.
All the ego's and power structures have gotten in the way of collaboration, willingness to take risk and pruning stuff or people that does/do not work.
size is too big. Too many politics. Slow pace of innovation
All jobs are situated in WA. Cannot move to other states
All jobs are situated in WA. Cannot move to other states
new to the retail industry and are copying many other retailers including apple
As Companies go, I'm not going to through a stone here.... the overall experience there is vastly up to the individual and their ability to manage their career. If you are ready to manage your career proactively, the tools, processes and people are there to help.
Old time micro softies who have been there 15+ years Teams focused on check mark delivery instead of customers need and quality
Environment can be cold and aggressive depending on the team. Lots of data driven people and the consensus driven decision making can paralyze a lot of forward momentum.
Still working through a risk adverse culture. This isn't necessarily from management, rather from folks who are worried about failure at thru micro-level. Focus must be at the macro level
Moves slow sometimes. Sometimes excess bandwidth. Slow upward career movement.
Some bad managers and people who will steamroll you. Ambiguity due to reorgs and changing leadership.
a lot of confusion and politics lately - seen too many good senior business people leave while being replaced with sub-par 'thought leaders'.
Work-life balance depends on role and manager, large enough office to offer enough training opportunities, limited opportunities to expand outside of the services arm of the company.
Microsoft is having some growing pains with the acquisition of Nokia.
All your mistakes go into a metaphorical back pack that you carry with you everywhere you go and which fills up over time. A management culture that values action over planning. A very strong "what have you done for me lately" approach to people management and rewards. A culture of blame.
review system is totally broken.
-A lot of reorganization -A lot of people doesn't have passion anymore -Promotions opaque and too slow. Leads have too much responsibilities. -No "one microsoft", all teams have their own culture, tools. They are all completely different. -A lot of cancelled projects.  -A lot of people paid a lot but you dont understand what they are doing. -They mostly do software like 15 years ago (rarely agile, no ownership E2E) -Level are not same across team, a SDE I in Visual Studio compiler equals a senior in bing. Some seniors testers became SDE but dont know anything about coding.
Still figuring out how to do the pros stuff - with class and with strong leadership
a bit too big a lot of competition inside company
- Sometimes processes are too heavy making innovation difficult. - The sheer size of the company can make it difficult to deliver change at a broad scale. - It can be difficult to understand how your contribution affects the bottom line.
Too much bureaucracy. The company has made some missteps, investing too early or before the market was ready, and then stopping investment or not going "all-in" when they should have. Mobile is a great example of this.
No much negative things I could say here since I have not experience any, but this might vary from team to team.
Mature company - fewer progression opportunities
too much work load and not flexible
too hard to get a good review
Skills are only valued when they come in a bundle
I'm sure it varies by team, but often feels like the company fosters more of a competitive than collaborative environment, even within the same team. Managers are hit-or-miss, your career can often depend on how lucky you were in getting a particular manager. Feels more "corporate" than other tech companies.
In Sales: Many of the smart people have learned how to thrive in a world of managing up. As they pair down senior roles (65+) and males over 40, if you are not savvy you will not make it to next week's episode of Survivor Microsoft. People you thought were on your side were only a temporary allegiance for last week's episode.  Don't be convinced coming in at a lower level is good for you in performance ratings, drive for the highest level you can get to start. Put a smile on and deliver lots of sugar with any medicine and consider baby steps for change and ensure the story aligns to the Exec's vision. Work smarter, not harder meaning be clever with visibility and communication. You can work less and actually grow with that strategy. Get on visible projects and take as much credit as reasonable to be noticed. You need to worry about you.  Expect passive aggressive responses. If you deliver the "What" (results) you will be called out for the "how" you did it. You are always better off prioritizing the "how" over the "what". HR is the best in the world. They will protect the company, so work accordingly.
Can get too competitive sometimes and growth opportunities are very challenging.
Management is focused on re-organizing the business and has lost touch with the market. Lots of people moving around right now, and projects are being shelved or killed left and right.
Work balance is poor. Company is poor in level changing even with great performance
To many tasks in parallel
Last 10 years added so many layers of management everything fell apart. no one knew what anyone else did. Lost in a sea of confusion.
Worklife balance is talked about as a focus by managers and human resources however in practice it is virtually impossible to achieve, especially in terms of promotion. Employees that choose to achieve some level of worklife balance are generally not promoted and depending on the part of the company sometimes are pushed out or just flat out terminated.
Politics were pretty bad although with new CEO I hear its getting better.
Lot of long timers, age old systems, still lives in past. Not risk taking. Cannot admit failures.
Middle management is a killer at the company. Too many engineers with no work-life balance and few people/management skills are promoted for being good at what they do, rather than their potential to manage other employees. Most expect long hours at the office and the few managers who are known to be supportive of career and personal development are difficult to join because of the competition for spots on their team.
Because everyone is so smart, everyone has an opinion about your work (especially if you are in marketing). This leads to never ending discussion of trivial details and not a lot of work actually getting done. If you want to get promoted or get a good bonus you definitely need to get involved in the politics and making sure what you are working on gets good exposure with you boss' boss and if you really want to go far your boss' boss' boss.
Constant re-orgs, politics, institutional arrogance. Rarely feel like you're part of a true 'team' though the stack ranking process has been killed and this may improve. Dead weight gets pushed around but rarely cleared out.
Don't expect to be at Microsoft, at a stable position, for long. The level of organizational ambiguity lately has passed the healthy threshold.
Company is getting very big
No end to end ownership, poor communication and direction from LT, shoot ask questions later mentality
A lot of times, decisions are made based off of score cards and some non-technical GM making goals that are un-achievable. This makes it hard to be successful, and it takes a lot of time and effort to educate upper management on what is feasible and what makes sense for the company.
a lot of the non-core product teams seriously have no idea what they are doing and what they should deliver
Big companies resist change in proportion to their bureaucratic density and inertia. You have to consistently be right again and again with a clear story and objective before your voice is heard by the people who can invest in your vision. But they do listen, and like any true meritocracy, you are granted respect and promotion based on the strength of your contributions.
Lots of accountability. Many people cannot survive the tough review system.
Hit and Miss with Managers, who can make your work fun or miserable. Many micromanage and others don't create sense of urgency. Too many re-orgs which can create sense of unease.
Overly hierarchical way of thinking Deeply established empires at every level, nothing small survives
If you aren't part of the inner circle, you might not get that bonus you deserve. So make sure that you are in good clear, written communication with your boss about how your performance is measuring up over the course of the year!
Constant reorgs (can barely count my managers changes on both my hands over a 3 year period), In my org managers seem to spend a lot more time managing up than doing an people management of their reports. It wasn't like this in other groups I've worked in.
High friction environment. Ball does not roll smoothly. Many times people are rude and adds a lot of unnecessary pressure on development.
The size that brings great benefits and opportunities also means you have to learn to navigate that and be assertive to get what/where you want.
The work environment is full of "type A" personalities, bring your "A" game to the table every day or you won't be happy or successful.
The old review system was not my favorite. Don't know what will happen this year after they get rid of it.
Middle management was not great the review process while i did well was an extremely stressful period of time.
Decision making is complex and matrixed
If you are not a software engineer, you won't get the same pay or bonus structure available to software engineers. Hard to grow outside of the field that you start in, or make position jumps.
It's a very stab-in-the-back environment. Teamwork is limited due to the annual review system. Upper management (general managers and above) all believe that MS is the end-all, be-all to someone's financial success, where employees and line managers simply do not see the same financial rewards.
overworked, less salary than competitors and lack of movement to HQ
Can't think of any Cons at this time.
Very fast paced and you need to be able to change with the tide. The do need to focus more on what employees provide as feedback.
Promotion is hard here. Unlike the other companies, the new process makes it a bit vague to the point where we don't know when to ask for, or when things get decided on promotions.
-With a lot of major initiatives, you often have two groups: the talkers, who receive most of the hard power, set "best practices," and get support and recognition from management, and the doers, who often best execute on the vision despite a lack of support from both management and the talkers. -Your performance rating is too dependent on the quality of your manager. -Perception, not reality, dictates decision-making too much. Groupthink can also be a problem at times, which can seem collaborative but is actually detrimental to the culture, especially for unique individuals. -The stack ranking may be gone, but the new system has little transparency into how performance ratings are done. A lot of people have not noticed because they are THAT glad to see the stack ranking go. -Too many people leave the company, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on bad terms. -Under the right set of conditions, employees can experience stress at levels which are physically unhealthy.
I worked in the Core team for a little over a year and couldn't stay longer. I'm still questioning the benefit of a TAM for businesses unless they are large-scale companies. Core TAMs deal with small accounts, and pretty much 99% of the things they do are remote. You're asked to grow accounts and get surveys filled out while having minimal interaction with your customers. The team of people I worked with wasn't all that great. The manager sucked. Add to that the pain of living in a city like Fargo. MS' cafeteria seems to repeat the same kinds of food over and over. There aren't many career growth options in Fargo, especially if you are in the Core team. If you are lucky, you can get a TAM role outside of ND. If you aren't, you should be looking for opportunities elsewhere. Pay wasn't that great either. Most job responsibilities of a Core TAM are redundant. If you are a customer, you could easily talk to support engineers without looping in your TAM. Other tasks can be easily automated with software.
Too many contingent staff and churn. Although resources exist everywhere, knowing how to tap the resources is a challenge. Us vs. them mentality still an issue, although new leadership appears to understand this is an issue and a place to focus. Long hours, although not always equal across all teams. Impossible to identify the culture - work place norms differ substantially from group to group.
- Highly bureaucratic, everything is decided through leadership consensus and takes much longer.
No focus on quality of work, just politics.
Work life balance, leadership, review system
Totally engineer/intellectual driven company. They are not concerned with what the customer wants, they want to instruct the customer what they want. That is the primary reason the company keeps missing the boat and is not seen as an innovator. As a sales employee, it has become luck of the draw whether you can succeed. If you have even a decent year, let alone a good year, you are almost assured to struggle the next yr. I am all for a challenge but it has become an un winnable scenario. They are losing strong sales staff and fast.
It is a mature company, and with stability comes a slower reaction speed. If you are really action-oriented, you may find this to be tedious. Strangers yell at you on airplanes for being evil because they have demonized your employer. This is childish and inaccurate. Microsoft isn't evil. The employees aren't evil. Everyone is doing their best for customers. But that doesn't stop trolls, and trolls are really damn annoying.
Slowing career growth and need more transparency
Promotions can slow down as reach up in the ladder. Weather at Redmond may not be everyone as it sees lot of rain each year and very short summer
horrible manager, immense amount of politics.
Microsoft has a bad reputation, deserved perhaps in some ways but definitely not in others. That's mostly from a business/product/consumer perspective.  If it is important for you to work on something that is cool and has buzz, you could try getting in at Xbox although they do have a reputation for burning people out.  Politics has at several points during my employment there (over a decade) have definitely played a major role in rewards and review scores being distributed in a very arbitrary way. But HR have iterated on their rewards system yet again, trying to clear that kind of favoritism out in exchange for something more motivating.
Too many processes hampers agility and causes many teams to release code at a pace that's considerably slower than our competitors.
Not a great place for mid career or those later careers. Emphasis is on building and energizing a young work force. For those over 40, the culture is a bit like a frat house. Boorish and arrogant with siloed and myopic views.
Still in process of landing role / organizational changes in structure.
There are no cons to speak of.
not all managers are good
Management without insight or imagination and desire for change for the better...
Very political work enviornment, field leadership can lack integrity Career moves/relocations expected frequently (2-3 years) to progress career Work life balance is the responsibility of the employee regardless of work volume and expectations Human resource department is very junior and lacks leadership for such a big company
still quite a big company
Things move very slowly at Microsoft, and innovations will often go unnoticed or unfunded because they can't be integrated into the core products.
Benefits especially media insurance used to be good, but not any more.
Great Politics. People from those two famous countries ( you know who) do the politics.
shaking down the "big company" slug
Ranking system force high performers in a high performance team to be penalized
More clarity on collaboration and Connects and performance reviews would be helpful
In the past it has been the leadership especially at the top. We can only hope the new leadership behaves in a more agile fashion and is willing to take great risk. They seem to be off to a great start. Office 365, Office on iOS etc. Make sure you have the right manager its an absolute must. There are many mediocre managers in the company make sure yours isn't one of them.
Too bureaucratic, too much red tape. Very difficult to get anything done, slow process. Although they have the infrastructure to accomplish a lot I don't think they ever will because of the culture. Don't utilize employees to their highest.
A humbling evaluation system that pits employees against each other (or used to).
stack ranking limits forward mobility.
very large company can seem overly bureaucratic at times - one stupid manager can ruin everything, HR not supportive at all
Difficult to get promoted, no employee purchase program.
Work / Life balance is not that great.
- This is a burn and churn environment. The culture is one in which they want to work you 24x7 schedule and criticize or reprimand many on the most tiniest things. The repressive culture will erase any professional confidence you have over time.
50/50 chance of landing in an organization that will function well. If you land in one that does not the politics, unethical behaviors and agendas driven by personal interests of the management can completely destroy your career. Your manager controls 90% of your success of your career, if they don't like you, are not effective in their organization regardless of your contributions you will not be recognized. As a result many people promoted are not the most qualified or the "leaders" you would hope to see running the company.
Slow-moving (though some groups are getting faster), Hard for young, passionate people to make a true impact - stifles your desire to want to keep trying to change things, Stuck in MSFT tech stack (.NET), Bad resume brand if you ever want to go to a smaller company, Too many PMs often slow things down instead of help, Can develop a bad mentality as dev since focusing on testing is "not your job", Benefits aren't as good as companies in the Bay area, Management/teams are very hit and miss, Culture just isn't that exciting- lot's of 10+year vets (which isn't necessarily a bad thing), but it doesn't seem like many people are eager to shake things up. Many teams don't seem all that necessary (their cost:output doesnt warrant existence), or don't have clear goals (think internal tool teams, etc)  As a young person, I think it's probably better to end up at a place like Microsoft later in your career.
Extremely slow and bureaucratic. Too many un-educated people now working at Microsoft. Most of the middle management (GM / VP level) have no college degrees. Lack substance, leadership, product and business acumen. In short, hired a bottom of the barrel these past 8 years.
internal politics, lots of working hours, lots of stress, competitive environment. I gave up after 1.5 years
Once an awesome company to work for, about 6 years ago they flipped a switch on compensation, perks and programs went out the window in favor of hiring colleges hires with the intent of getting at least 5 good years out of them before they wash and repeat. Change is mind numbingly constant, reviews are to the extent you feel like you're consistently being reviewed from weekly to monthly 1:1's to mid year and year end review. Be ready to work to achieve your defined smart goals for vague and undefined compensation. If you don't like it there's a line of college hires right behind you.
Very ambitious sales targets No work life balance Most technical roles are in Seattle Moving up requires relocation and playing the visibility game
steep learning curve, nothing else I can think of.
Being that the company is so large, it can be overwhelming at times and it's very easy to feel lost. The company is also notorious for reorgs, which make the company culture a bit chaotic at times. Change is pretty slow at this company. Oftentimes, great ideas and team growth is often stifled by internal bickering and sword rattling.
Often the work silos are defeating - these can create fiefdoms. Regularly work 60+ hour weeks.
Terrible managers. The message from management is always that you are not doing enough, other people are doing a better job, etc.etc. Promotions come from the in-crowd  People from the outside with different ideas are viewed with suspicion. There is an overpowering atmosphere of "this is how we do it, now fall into place"  No sense of teamwork
It's become a large bureaucratic place where it's hard to make things happen.
total compensation, career, lateral moves
Middle managers do not add value, can not talk to customers, people do not have good product design sense.
Too much infighting between groups, way too much politics to get ahead.
Management did not work cohesively together. Management also did not understand a lot of the new technology. It was hard to respect and look up to the management team since they could not answer a majority of my questions.
You ar at the mercy of an evaluation system that pretends to be objective but is not Management politics and reorgs
Lacks concrete processes in some areas.
it's too big so you are not quite doing something big.
1. Politics - tougher to advance if not at HQ 2. You get pulled in a LOT of directions 3. Internal competition and ranking system (now remedied, I believe) 4. Reporting structures too flat in places 5. Too scorecard vs. "do the right thing" focused 6. Hard to develop as a manager (they like to keep you as a individual contributor) 7. Slow career development for some roles
need to cut down management layers
Promotes very young employees as people managers who do not understand what managing people means. I have had two very bad managers and two very good managers. The good ones encouraged my strengths and gave room to improve the skills that I lacked. The two worst ones that I encountered only concentrated on the skills that I lacked without acknowledging the work I accomplished. As a result they pushed my career back by about 4 to 5 years. I left the company now and do not wish to join it anytime soon. The only reason I stuck with the company for so long was because I like MS products and their pay was good.
Large, ropes/hoops to jump thru
Unfair employee performance ranking system
Work life balance, lots of stress in some positions
Work-life balance can be a challenge, as it is with any organization of this size. That being said, most managers are flexible and will try to work with you.
Other than developers, the treat people like crap. Diversity and inclusion is given lip service.
Like ANY large company there is the requisite red tape and political rivers to navigate. I also think that the recruiting and hiring engine is a complete mess. It is really hard to get good people into the company without an internal sponsor.
Seems like you have a lot of mobility to move around, one con is some of the older guard may not be as flexible. The younger managers and workers all seemed a little more loose and friendly.
- Some duplication - Need to be more agile
promotions and the review process
At this moment, the focus of company is not clear. More and more other companies and persons gave up Microsoft products.
Compensation not up to the mark.
If you don't fit in or your boss doesn't like you, you're screwed
big company, I like this, but others may not. There are times when it's super busy but it is not always busy.
There's too much red tape to get anything done, the engineering tools are straight from the 90s, there is a lack of collaborative culture, and the promotion process makes your colleagues hyper competitive.
Politics, performance review process broke that requires you be a brand manager of your work Given the complexity of organization structure, can be tough to drive collaboration and results
Your career depends on your relationship with your direct manager
Work life balance can be tough at bust times
- By 2010, 40% of time was spent trying to better clarify roles and responsibilities across teams, and sometimes even within teams (side effect of competitive work environment) - Related, way too much time focused on internal competition (constant angling for budgets, reviews, pay, promotions) vs. the real, external competition, Teams or even entire projects enjoyed watching each other fail, not only wouldn't offer help, would take steps to cement others' failures, led to very distrustful work environment, even among peers (what should be your everyday friends), people or teams steal each other's ideas without credit being given, etc. - GM & VP level leaders don't admit when they see their project failing, don't want to risk losing their budgets and influence, will ride the failed project to its death knowing they will avoid being held accountable (these are the expensive projects that sometimes go public, crash and embarrassingly burn ... most of the people on the project saw it coming all along ...) - Clever policy to weed out older people (too many years of service at same salary grade red flags you from getting average or better than average reviews, also red flags you for job transfers within the company ... good things don't come of this, I'm not making this up, they were transparent about this). Newer people may be ok with this ... but someday they will be coming for you (if they don't change this) ! :)
Sometimes it can be daunting to move at this behemoth's speed. This is changing, should get better. If you are a leader, there is opportunity to make a difference.
Not so great pay for a company this size, weak culture...can sometimes feel "lonely and not welcoming."
Weak leaderships are very common. Lack of visions and planning. They just can't do proper planning and fast pacing at the same time. Although in general there are a wide variety of projects to work on, few innovative ideas to be implemented.
While there are a couple of cool projects, I'm waiting for Microsoft to release something exciting. We have been more of a follower so far.
Needs to catch up on some markets.
The review process fostered competition instead of collaboration, depending on the group, the politics became intrusive, work-life balance was hit or miss. It largely depends on the group(s) you end up with, but the process is pretty universal.
Very risk averse, and a culture of "I" and not "we". Also, a culture of doing 80% or 90% instead of 100%.
Terrible culture, recessive thinking -- but this was before they got rid of stack ranking, so it may change.
Terrible culture, recessive thinking -- but this was before they got rid of stack ranking, so it may change.
Some groups like mine are very bad places to be. The leaders and their lackeys are all about making their fiefdoms and promoting their careers at the cost of honest workers, and hence the company. Backstabbing is common. If you rub your manager the wrong way, nothing can save you. Managers have absolute powers. HR exists only to help the managers keep their directs under check.
strong politicos and small circle
too many managers. healthplan was great until it was changed.
The review process is brutal. And unless you get a quality manager with a high level of integrity and honesty, you can end up at the bottom of the barrel.
Too many promises under deliver
Company lost their way, stack ranking, firing of employees just to meet a number that upper mgmt wanted to trim, then hire to replace them. Stock poor performance for over 12 years New benefits package good ole boy network
Highly political colleagues, incompetence is sometimes rewarded by lateral shifts and people moves, too much email, working all hours of the day and night, entitled colleagues.
If you are aiming to become a multimillionaire fast, Microsoft is not the place to work at. (OTOH if you've actually matured into a multi-dimensional person, you realize that you can have a fulfilling life and career at the same time and Microsoft is one of the better places to do that).  The constant second-guessing by the industry wears you down. Work politics can make your life hard but the feeling is that it's going to be much better -- and much more different -- with Satya.
Maybe, hard to be selected.
Difficult to understand how your day-to-day impacts the company's bottom-line.
The old review system is awful. Maybe the new system is better.
To work in a large company like MSFT you have to deal with large groups of people (in order to coordinate efforts across many different teams)... that can slow you down some... but that's the price for big impact.
There is still a lot politics. The matrix organization makes it extremely difficult to get work done. Each team has different metrics. There are too many decision makers. Goals are not clear. This makes Microsoft slow to react to market changes and create innovative products.
Large company may not be as agile, potential negative public perception of Microsoft, bad teams and managers can have a strong negative impact on career and general experience. Fair amount of variability between good and bad teams.
since its diverse , finding the right fit for you to grow is important
You have to work day and night to get promoted. It all depends on luck, if you get lucky and ended up under a good manager, your life will be wonderful. Even with you a good manager, You have to keep improving and keep pushing and working very hard to stay in the company. If for any reason you ended up with a bad reviews, you are screwed... Very hard to move to another team. People sometimes go through bad time and ending up not performing well , right? will forget that in this company.
Poor managers, pathetic culture and bureaucratic.
Large company is complex and you need to navigate your way through. You are only limited by your imagination. It really takes time to build trust and establish credential. It may take some time and effort for multiple people to appreciate your work. So you need to be self motivated. If not, you may not make it. You need to believe in yourself at times.
Everything else. Three more words.
Job demands can be taxing during cyclical periods (varies a lot by role/function) Simplification efforts don't always take roadblocks out of the way Redundant layers of tools, processes, and approvers slows the pace of business
The stack ranking was corrosive to the culture. Still need to see if the new system is better - it can't be any worse. Cross group collaboration used to be difficult as empire building was the name of the game but this also seems to be improving under the new leadership.
Lots of politics, lots of poorly organized committee decision making.
Real leadership is pretty limited
Internally focussed can be an issue
If you are not an FTE you can't participate of team events, it feels like you are a second class citizen.
i chose to not comment
Long decision making periods, inflexibility and too much of conservativeness when it comes to add something new to the process.
Reorgs limit promotions, Windows Phone is very hard to move up in specifically. Redmond/bellevue/issaquah area is tasteless. Most people are family oriented so not a great place to be young. Most emloyees are lifers and have preconcieved notions for how everything should be done -- limits productivity.
Getting any one thing done can be very difficult due to size. Company has clearly gotten too big to move quickly which is why it has fallen behind or missed so many trends.
not interesting, it is boring
internal processes and procedures, lack of product group connection to the customer needs.
- Have to work in odd shift - Always less on staff
The company is so large that the whole experience may seem disconnected and unimportant but really, you're just here to fill a task.
- Culture of consensus - bias for CYA vs. taking a risk - Gender inequality - Mgt has a *very* small percentage of minorities and women - Politics - the squeaky wheels get the oil and the smart, quiet introverts lose out - So many managers that it's hard to see if anyone is actually doing the work - Analysis paralysis - Hard to move up internally and external candidates are often given higher levels than internal transfers - even if the internal candidate is better qualified
getting better salary and living good
many sucky managers infest the place. While training is given, managers are not typically well held to account to be excellent.
Underdog in many markets these days, frustrating to read tech press and be faced with constant bias and 'uncool' campaign. Looking forward to the day when the facts win out.
Review and rating system can be improved It might take time to move up the chain Work-Life balance can be a challenge at times
Managers are not qualified put pressure on part time and full time employes
- A company past its creativity curve. Only tiny portion of the projects are interesting, and people will fight for you. If you newly join the company, you will spend quite some time doing the out-dated technologies. - "Factory", "assembly line" style process: this company is smart enough to "streamline-lize" its software development into something similar to Ford's assembly line. Working in that procedure gives you a strong feeling that you are one replaceable piece on it. - Management tries to get "most mileage" out of you: the management will try to make you work hard, overtime (while not explicitly say so to leave "evidence". One time I saw the manager explicitly wrote "do more with less", meaning getting more done with less people, in his commitment. Another time I heard the management using "get enough mileage out of people". They would make aggressive planning, use progress tracking software, status report meetings to force you into work over time. Not only that, during work it's highly intense, I had to make sure the previous scheduled tasks are made progress, and timely respond to boss' emails of ad-hoc tasks. Sometimes I need to switch between 5 desktop servers to run different tasks to get my assignments done. Looking back, every year there made me age 3-4 years. - Selfish culture. It boosted a culture that everybody try to strive to get what's within his own boundary done. And the company values the winner from internal competition (as the company is so big, upper management doesn't have time to judge who's right, so the simplest way I guess, is to see who's won out). From lower level, that means the peers just don't collaborate, but undermine each other. From bigger teams perspective, it's the fight between partners, and result in endless re-orgs. - Information control. The mid-management gives exactly information that you need to work on your piece of work. You don't know next reorg, you don't know the direction of the project. - "Precision Question Answering". There's this poisonous "communication tool" within Microsoft called "Precision Question Answering", it essentially trains people into using robotic-style conversations, so that the management can get the important information in the fastest way, and peers can challenge each other to fix logic errors in the details, at the cost of enjoying human-like collaboration between colleagues. - Compensation is terribly below the industry average level.
Your specific vision may not always align with the company's goals. There is no free food.
Promotions are often shrouded in mystery without public announcements or acknowledgments. Intellectual horsepower, great teamwork, and delivering results above-and-beyond the typical employee do not result in rewards. It is usually a beauty contest amongst the few that are the personal favorites of GMs and CVPs. This is especially true for promotions from Level 64 (senior) to Level 65 (principal/director).
Constant re-orgs, just as you start to dig into your work, your role may be changed
A high number of the managers are not good people managers - they are in the role because they are technically excellent etc., but unfortunately that doesn't translate to knowing how to manage and motivate teams. Way too political.
"officially" eliminated the forced stack ranking which was killing the company by pitting everyone against their teammates, but the effects still linger as it has not been put into practice and some still following the old rules. Political? you bet. Undocumented rules and policies? tons
Most product teams are too large, therefore it's very hard to learn all aspects of the product in a short amount of time when you join a team. It usually takes at least a couple years to get comfortable with the overall product, in best case.
Not the best compensation in market.
We are less agile than we need to be but Senior Leadership is aware of this and as a company we are working on it.
Very process oriented, very large bureaucracy, so unless you know who can help, it takes very long to navigate.
Very Washington/Redmond-centric, we definitely need to open positions up for remote employees globally. Though the old culture is slowly giving way to a faster, more agile approach to delivering great products, the remnants of our former culture still remain. We have to get rid of the things that bogged us down and put us in silos and embrace the change that Satya speaks about, fully.
Assumptions made about the company and its employees by 'knowledgable' persons
Culture is changing from creative go get it to what does my boss think If you are outside of Redmond and your team is there, it is hard to evolve in your career.
In my experience, teams are all very interdependent which means everyone has to agree to get anything done. Not super nimble. More talking than doing.
fast paced, compensation, insurance perks, promotions
IF your group is one of the ones that is in trouble everything will suffer, career, work life balance, salary, bonus. It can be a hyper political place as well
Upper management is generally promoted from within and does not keep up on industry standards. Culture of doing things the "old way" and reinventing the wheel over and over stifles creativity and agility.
Annual review process is not good and it bitters your relationship with your peers
None. The company ends Smith and takes care of everybody.
not for people that don't want to work hard
Most everyone is absorbed in the stack ranking mastery and staying safe, very little innovation, creative thinking, problem solving, or taking initiative. Much energy is put on internal systems and fitting in to the same box. Not much inspiring, pioneering, diverse, or authentic thinking (employees and leadership), more of the same type, old-fashioned, skill maintenance emphasis.
size, cross-group coordination, agility and time to market
I hear this is different at other parts of the company but I was working in the US M&O. It's supposedly a marketing group but no marketing gets done. People mostly spend their time trying to wave their arms so their manager or manager's manager feels that marketing is being accomplished. It's the biggest waste of time I've ever seen.
Loosen the purse strings! If you develop software, you have it made. Microsoft pays the developers very well which I understand but the rest of the company isn't always better than average pay. It totally depends on the group your in (not the job you do). Compensation is not fairly provided. I hope with moving to a new review model it will improve. Microsoft likes to cry poor even though there is billions in savings. They have lost a lot of good talent due to compensation. The bar is never high enough. Each time you accomplish your goals (and do them well) they keep raising the bar. The work load is crazy and if you don't learn to have boundaries you will have no personal life. Even if you can, work life balance is skewed here. People work nights and weekends consistently. These are salaried positions - no overtime and taking comp time is near impossible because you are always so busy. Most deadlines are insane - it doesn't allow you to produce the quality of work you would like. There is a lot of compromise because of it. Some people are great at communicating some aren't. It is competitive and people throw co-workers under the bus to make themselves look better with an aim on the reviews. My hope is this will change with the new review model.
Often multiple teams will be solving a very similar problem at the same time. This results in a re-org or features being entirely abandoned. With that said, things are improving. There is also a lot of competition among peers because the review model used to be entirely relative to your peers. If you did a great job but were on a team full of rock stars, you don't don't get a good review.
very slow to move forward
not very exciting stuff to work on
The stack ranking system pits you against your peers, and definitely is a favorites system
Dog eat dog world - competitive environment 60 hours a week for managers is not unusual
Things move slowly sometimes. you need to get so many people to agree on to move forward.
Very type A and self absorbed organization Stack ranking in HR is really a de-motivator Products developed are still not designed with the end user in mind - they cater to the Engineers that develop the products, SI. Admins, IT staff ...not the end user
Lost 10 years and more under not so well directed management.
Review system. They are finding ways to change it but due to the size of the company, it is a very hard task. Pay is low for long-timers compared to new-comers.
The company is having an identity crisis now. I know they want to change, but there are so many people in current management levels who are not willing to change
I worked there while the employee stack rank and scoring process was still in place. As a people manager and as an individual contributor I had both positive and negative experiences with the process. Top performers were rewarded, but I was also required to make decisions which I didn't think were fair to my staff.
Very demanding work that required time past normal office hours. Office environment was your traditional "cubicle style." Promotions were difficult to obtain without staying overtime.
rainy seattle is the only location. Microsoft is Redmond-centric
Very big so you might get lost at times.
Easy to get into teams that have flaws Management screws up a lot and this could affect your day to day activities
Long term employees set in ways of doing things as they have in the past.
The biggest problem I had working here, was the commute.
- Big company challenges of innovating at speed - Lots of silos and code duplication so each team reinvents the wheel - Hard to fire people, so even the non-performers with ppl with personal agendas stay for a long time
No direction. Bad management. Friends of Friends promotion culture
Some people don't handle change very well making hard for the overall organization to react quickly to change  We don't invest enough in our internal engineering processes, making some of the day to day work a bit harder than it should
too much politics, not too much change to grow
Lack of innovation. Leadership team is not capable to stimulate innovation. Leadership team are good "sellers" and managers, but not visionaries.
Very stressful and hectic, cut throat culture and no room for 'nice guys'. No matter how much you give, more is needed. Granted this may be different between groups within the company.
Middle management spends a good deal of time managing upper management. Big machine little cogs Difficult to move things forward quickly
Frequent changes to product plans and management.
Managers push busy work. Generally incompetent middle managers - tons of politics. It's not what you contribute that counts - it is your relationship with your lead and his/her manager that weighs heavily in your reviews. Most middle managers cannot get a job outside of Microsoft - even if they did, they cannot get the benefits that Microsoft offers so they stick on. Getting things done can be a pain. Most non-core teams have incompetent team members at almost all levels. There are frequent re-organizations across the company. It is common to go through 7-10 managers in a period of 5-6 years and it affects growth badly even if you are very smart. Most managers lack the maturity to be managers.
Need to make sure your work stays visible to get ahead, but that seems intuitive for any company. If people don't know what you're working on, is it having an impact? Is it worth your time?
Your boss matters to the quality of your experience. if you don't like your boss when you interview then you should not take the job because he/she wont get better.
Work-life balance gets naturally screwed-up as there are tons of smart people in the company and competition is always stronger (in case you need to grow fast).
Too old and hard to get promotions
Corporate matrix makes it difficult to make quick impact in the field. Over the past couple of years, there has been tightening of budgets for operating expenses and employee benefits which both have a negative impact on work life balance.
Some managers don't really care about what you do but when it comes to the reviews they expect you to know everything without them training. Will give you a bad review and not take no blame for not training you appropriately.
Middle-execs seemed to focus more on increasing the size of their empire (at the expense of other divisions), and less on innovation, customers and growing businesses.
Work life balance Very hard to move around or to grow your career at this site. You work and live by Redmond time even though you are in the east coast. Your experience, opportunity, and performance review greatly depends on the team you are on and your manger. I've had some good managers and bad managers. YMMV. Very competitive here, due to the size it's very hard to get promoted. I've seen a lot of pointing fingers. The first couple years are great and you can learn a lot here, but due to the lack of opportunity and the cut-throat culture it's very hard to stay for a very long time...
Once in TE position, it is often said that it is difficult to move to other positions in the company, however, even if the number isn't as high as in other segments, many did.
fast paced, be weary of contractor managers. They need to prove themselves so they may get out of line from time to time.
Passive Aggressive culture with fierce internal competition. After a while, it is no longer about what you know and how you can contribute to the team value, it is more about rubbing elbow with your manager and skip levels to get ahead. So many talents have wandered into despair and eventually left the company. Too much political infightings for power and territory.
Work/life balance is VERY hard to come by and some groups are in constant fire drill mode. The review "curve" means someone on a team of rock stars is going to get a crappy review.
Too much bureaucracy. Slow at adopting market trends. Slow product turnaround
training, bonus, missing customer focus, missing business goals and strategy
you are limited to just the microsoft stack. its very hard to get explore other technologies while you are there.
strategy, focus, leadership, decision making
Being in the content discipline can be challenging here, because devs and PMs are considered the most valuable. So occasionally you have to wrestle information from someone who thinks you're not as smart as them (tip: just rollover, you're probably smarter anyway and it's a waste of time proving yourself to them). Or sometimes you have to prove your worth to people, which can be exhausting. Just keep your eye on the prize, do what you do best, and crank out the content.  There's also this: There's your job (content), and then there's the extras. The extras here are not really extras. They're required for you to survive. The extras are labelled differently depending on the manager or group: projects, stretch goals, stretch projects, visibility projects, being visible, v-teams, etc. You'll be asked to do this. So be ready. Gone are the days where you just work on content.  There's a new campaign called One Microsoft that seems to lessen the competiveness. And it's helped some people, but others are stuck in the old "don't step on my turf" syndrome.  In my experience managers don't manage your day to day, they manage the people above them and occasionally dip down to see what you are doing. This can be really awesome at times because you have freedom. But occasionally you do need direction, and they may not feel knowledgeable enough with your work to help out. Usually you have to sort it out for yourself.
the worst thing here by far is that everything is measured on "time served". Despite there being actual merit things to celebrate, the only celebrations worth mentioning are those that happen when someone has x many years here. Everything seems to revolve around that. It's rather ridiculous.
Stuck in a software engineering mentality v. a software *design* mentality (i.e. too much power in the hands of senior developers and program managers, not enough in the hands of designers) Slow to change and react to the industry Often has trouble focusing on a user base and instead tries to be everything to everyone
Work life balance and job satisfaction vary greatly depending on which group you are in. Some jobs are an easy 8-5 and others are 65+ hours a week. They pay the same and have the same career opportunities. Choose wisely.  Microsoft missed the boat on e-readers, smartphones, and tablets in part because of destructive internal politics. In the last 9 months, the company announced a new business strategy, re-organized the company, acquired Nokia's handset business, and replaced its CEO. It remains to be seen if all of these changes result in a better company, or if they're just change for the sake of change.
Stuck in a software engineering mentality v. a software *design* mentality (i.e. too much power in the hands of senior developers and program managers, not enough in the hands of designers) Slow to change and react to the industry Often has trouble focusing on a user base and instead tries to be everything to everyone
Work life balance and job satisfaction vary greatly depending on which group you are in. Some jobs are an easy 8-5 and others are 65+ hours a week. They pay the same and have the same career opportunities. Choose wisely.  Microsoft missed the boat on e-readers, smartphones, and tablets in part because of destructive internal politics. In the last 9 months, the company announced a new business strategy, re-organized the company, acquired Nokia's handset business, and replaced its CEO. It remains to be seen if all of these changes result in a better company, or if they're just change for the sake of change.
no major areas of concern other than typically politics at a large company.
The company has run head-first into the innovators dilemma
Would be nice if they'd provide more training to employees.
Poor corporate culture, starting to turn around but having to overcome 10 lost years. Still struggling to makes changes to take advantage of new opportunities that might endanger existing products and revenue streams
Management in my later years was awful. The goal was to keep you utilized and if that meant putting you on a plane or having you write Excel macros, so be it. Review time was always a crap shoot, you never knew what "mystery" goal was going to turn up to justify a poor (or average if you were lucky) review.
You never really own anything. Managers constantly and roles are consistnantly changing. if you don't have a good manager, you will not do well at MSFT. Update your commitments and stay true to what you are doing - if not, you will be dinged! Expectations are made without communicating.
Most people are contracted and they don't offer many benefits.
In some teams, heavy competition results in unnecessary politics. Work life balance may be affected if you are looking to get promoted in a competitive environment.
big company..recognition issues..team politics..herd mentality among teams
The review scale. Was in direct conflict with what was outwardly said
Frustrating corporate culture, lots of red tape
Too much management and processes Very boxed into a role/area/focus Overlooked if you're not working on something cool Work life balance is balanced more towards work Very competitive
Mid and upper levels have no clue what is going on and spend all their time in meetings. Building PowerPoint slides, discussing them endlessly, and debating the meaning of words. Meanwhile, decisions are made and pushed forward without first understanding the full impact, which thrashes all the people who actually perform real (non PowerPoint) work.
Success depends significantly on the management within your product and the effectiveness of the managers you report to, coordination can be slow due to vast number of partner teams and stakeholders to coordinate with (size also a weakness)
Weak HR policies - improving but still needs to change significantly to promote teamwork
Office politics are embedded into the culture. This may slowly change as new leadership is introduced / reorgs happen, but divisions are deep.
Great products that aren't winning. People get stuck in their offices all day.
Limited career growth opportunities outside of Redmond. Impact of your individual work is naturally limited by the size of the company and market it operates in.
Limited resources (employees) to do the amount of work required. I easily spend 50-60 hours/week working, so the work/life balance is an issue. Many of the managers are not good people managers and have difficulty understanding the day-to-day issues of the employees who actually do the work.
Everyone acts like they are better then you. Very cliquey. Hard to get to know some people on other teams.
Need to be more agile. Use existing tools instead of trying to build everything, more efficient that way. Concentrate on software development processes/documentation also.
For MS Advertising they had so many opportunities to be the #1, yet they managed to destroy value. They bought aQuantive for 6.4 billion dollars and they wrote it off last year, I find this amazing! You want them to do well..but management always screws it up
politics and micro management is creeping in
Review model continues to be a mystery. Performance rating does not mirror contribution - men are favored compared to women for promotions, no matter how good your work is.
Corporate structure, un-necessary processes, politics.
slow act to market changes
The performance plan and recognition tend to reward throwing people under the bus. It doesn't encourage teamwork. It encourages putting yourself ahead of others to survive.
Benefits are a bit more challenging since the change.
Slow adaption to change, process overhead (review, release, chain of command), growth slows down beyond certain level.
Oversight at the middle management layer is really terrible. A manager is only as good as s/he chooses to be, and there is no real accountability for a manager being good or bad. To be clear, there are some employees who choose to be really great managers, and there are others who look at being a manager a personal career stepping stone and don't take their direct reports' careers seriously. What's more, many managers are individual contributors as well, so they have to look out for themselves as well as try to manage their team. Finally, many employees believe that being a manager is a step up the ladder, so that becomes an defining goal, but they may not develop the skills to be successful at it. I believe strongly that if Microsoft incentivized their managers to be great managers, the effectiveness of their direct reports would go up.
It is a very complicated company. It can be very hard to figure out who you need to work with internally to get things done. People can also be very passive-aggressive in their approach to resolving conflict or differences of opinion, so just because someone is smiling you can't assume they are supportive of you or your career.
Upper management culls employees through brutal review process. Leads to good people leaving and political people staying. Layoffs in 2009 were insane (but reflective of the very top management's disconnect with reality)
Missing the mobile wave is still hurting
Seems people are not really working on innovation and working. But rather we tend to spend a lot of time discussing and triaging.
If you are coming from a top engineering school, and really know software, this is not the place for you. I felt like after I graduated from MIT that I went back to elementary school when I started working at Microsoft. Most of the software engineers here have no clue and the office politics are out of control, so you spend more time defending turf than coding.
Excessive emphasis on internal competition, less cooperation than what would be optimal for many activities.
1. Work life balance can take a hit at times during tight deadlines. 2. Salary can be increased a little bit more to be at par with Google and Facebook to prevent some employees from leaving for those companies :) 3. Nothing else really !
Inter-team collaboration and product vision/roadmaps lacking.
However, working for the Xbox division means that the work/life balance tilts towards the work side. Xbox is a lifestyle and if you want to be the best in this competitive environment (the best from Microsoft want to jump to Xbox, so it is harder and more competitive than the rest of MSFT), then you have to be constantly working harder and gaming in your time away from the office.
technology stack is old, no leverage of open source
The higher level decision in the consumer space hasn't panned out, not even accountability for senior folks for the decision they make.
too much politics- all about managing up.
Highly political and subject to constant re-org Several poor managers (who've been there 10y+) who are out of touch Microsoft is not so relevant anymore
While the recently made modifications to address issues, I have seen and personally experiences the oddities created by the MSFT's curve-based, stack-rank performance review system. The level of micromanagement my senior leaders are guilty of is also a big negative for those with a number of years or solid experience and a strong record of results.
Would like more career options similar to Apple
The Bellevue juggernaut is still a juggernaut. With 100k employees and decades of accrued knowledge, don't expect to ever feel like you are uniquely providing something new to the company.
Bad managers, reviews are political, matrix can lead to long decision-making, constant reorgs cause a lot of churn, MYR process takes away from selling products
Microsoft does not do change well, the transition right now is hard on everyone.
Very political, roles can feel very laser focused and hard to see contribution of your role to vision of the company. Teamwork is still secondary to individual performance.
hard to get in the ideal position
slow to change and somewhat unnecessary processes /overhead, you could get stuck with gaining experience in just the Microsoft stack (technically)
You have to be in Redmond to move up
Strategy is not always clear or driven by data.
At this time, leadership is internally focused on corporate organization structure, new management, and revising employee review/evaluation process and missing critical input from customers and marketplace innovation.
It is a huge company, so sometimes you might find that individual groups seem to have their own agenda - sometimes conflicting with each other.
Change and innovation happen very slowly.
Senior management and HR are inept, amoral sh&t-heads.
Stack ranking was the only con, and it is now gone, so no cons!
Too many marketing groups that work on similar projects and compete for resources
Bureaucracy is in place in many areas. Many middle managers are non performers and kiss ass, non billable and frankly useless.
Review structure (even with recent changes), number of individual contributors required under a manager, number of employees (to many barriers to get things done.)
Mountain View location has limited opportunities when it comes to diversity of projects and management of larger projects (no growth for managers, need to move to Redmond). Company keeps aiming at past trends instead of creating new ones.
Very slow moving and adopting company.
- Better to work on core business - Hard to get focus for other skill except s/w writing (ex: media) - Very frequent manager/org change
Work-Life balance can easily get out of whack if you don't actively manage expectations Performance evaluation process was grossly bizarre - testers were rated with/against devs & PMs, not just with/against other testers
complexity of the organization, difficult to navigate the politics,
Your initial growth can be very quick, but you're going to need to look outside the company to reach your potential. There are too many rules around who can be a manager.
For me I have to drive to long for work, but that is unrelated
Sometimes there's a lot of red tape to get through. Your experience depends on the manager.
Management, culture, products, rating system
Change project too often without finishing one
Malicious competitions between managers. Poor performance review design. Secret annual "calibration" is the gas chamber for industry's best engineers.
Rigorous schedule with meetings and appointments
A bit difficult to move up, not much work for entry-level workers.
Repetitive work but also rewarding
The cons are incompetent managers who are ruled by greed and fear.
1. HR policies always seem to favor managers over employees. See details below. 2. Mobility is limited as managers have to be notified before interviewing with other teams. 3. Even after the latest round of review changes, employees don't get transparent information about their performance and promotions. Managers get to distribute bonuses, and increases based on unknown processes. Promotions were always a mystery. 4. Managers have a tight grip over projects/assignments an employee gets. Employees don't have much freedom to openly work on projects that they like. 5. No team spirit or culture. I have seen ideas get stolen/copied and the originators never credited multiple times. 6. New health benefits changes are a disaster. Not only are we out 1000s of dollars every year, the paper work takes up few hours every month. 7. Senior management has no clue what they are up to. Ballmer was joke when it came to decision making / strategy. Yes. We have a new CEO. Let's see how he shakes things up. 8. Crony culture in senior management is painfully obvious. See what happened to Sinofsky and his lieutenants. 10. Career progress depends how well you are liked by your manager and skip level manager. 11. Very weak product management culture. Unused/incomplete features, multiple UIs, hard to use features, ....
100's of millions of users who depend on you not breaking stuff but not to worry we still have Xbox and other outlets for your agile and creative energy.
Nothing I can think of
Requirements for promotion is sometimes not clear, similarly almost all role changes are lateral in terms of stock level...
Politics, over competitiveness, secrecy inside the team. For performing well, one needs to put lots of time. Which might kill the work/life balance. Probably that's true for other software companys as well.
big company politics, turf wars etc.
Long days but that goes with technology field.
Personal growth is limited based on the group and manager you get.
With the constant reshuffling of the company, how do they expect to get actual work done here? I think the sheer size of Microsoft and the amount of people a product has to go through to ship ends up watering it down.
Business groups are distinct subcultures, and not every subculture is right for everyone. Some groups thrive on teamwork, others a reward the most assertive individuals. You may find yourself in a role and organization that is a perfect fit one day, and then a management change or reorg can change everything overnight. Moving around the company you may find jobs you love and others you hate. Some managers will help you grow and support you in achieving your goals. Others will range from neutral to subversive. Choosing your manager well and knowing when to move on are critical skills for success.
I see lots of smart people poorly compensated because they happen to be in a team full of rockstars. The fact that the company is so big means a derp in one team can get the same review as a rockstar in another. It sucks.
Sometimes upper management gets annoyed by the empty offices during the day, even though the work is clearly getting done. The review process can be cumbersome, and even though you may have exceeded all of your goals for the review period, you just can't expect management to rate your performance fairly. It all depends on your manager, and whether or not he/she'll stick his/her neck out for you.
Unhealthy culture, internal competitiveness is killing innovation and driving away great people, lots of incapable, hard-to-work-with people in high places, Too much red tape especially when it comes to re-staffing appropriately after the team assignment changes drastically.
With the constant reshuffling of the company, how do they expect to get actual work done here? I think the sheer size of Microsoft and the amount of people a product has to go through to ship ends up watering it down.
Work/Life balance can suffer if you don't keep the focus on it
Development, salary, dress code and guidelines.
-Like any very large company there can be some bureaucracy that slows down the engineering teams -The company as a whole can be slow to change, though smaller businesses can usually respond to market changes a lot more quickly if they don't have a dependency on a slower business group.
If you want to make money, then Microsoft is not the right company. The pay is not as competitive as other well settled companies in the bay area. Sometimes you get frustrated thinking that MS is always catching up to competition.
Work life balance may be hard to achieve for some teams. Politics come in to play sometimes in career safety and advancement. Large company means profits are the most important thing (hard to avoid).
Lots of process and bureaucracy, promotions are slow to happen if you don't play the right politics, and if you do play the politics, you have to be careful not to be on the wrong side.  Too many PMs to the point that the devs don't use their common sense. Bad culture - the people here do not feel ownership or pride in what they build.
Like any other big company MS has it's share of bureaucracy, process overhead, reporting overloads. Managers make a huge difference to your career
Performance reviews can kill innovation and trust among colleagues. At times it was not about performance but political aspects.
Closed everything Microsoft technology, very sheilded
work life balance needed improvement - worked long hours
Size of the company, red tape, lack of passion (compared to the culture at tech companies in San Francisco)
Vision and strategy often lacks clarity. Within feature teams, customer focus needs to be improved.
easy to get lost in the crowd. long hours
Rapid management personnel churn, re-org churn, direction churn.
It's a very corporate culture, to make a real impact on a product's vision, you have to wade through multiple levels of middle management first.
Collaboration within a group is pretty good, but collaboration across groups is particularly difficult because resolving competing priorities among groups is a slow process.
Every little thing counts towards you regardless of numbers.
It is not possible to maintain a work life balance and do well at MS. The current rating system despite announcements of its demise were misstated and is still in full force at MS. It doesn't encourage teamwork as everyone is competing against each other for bonuses and forced attrition.  Who you know is more important that what you do, AKA if your manager doesn't present your case during the stack ranking your future at MS is limited.
Putting labels during reviews that should go away this year. High competition.
Compensation is good, but the stock has been flat years, so this isn't a company in which you'll be able to retire quickly.
promotions, reviews system, politics, its not the cool company anymore like google or apple, size of the company, re organizations
Management layers can be thick, lots of process to wade through, agility is limited.
Even with new "One Microsoft" there is no change, management and individuals are still out for themselves, rewards are based upon who you know, and there is no accountability to display "Microsoft Values" If you can ride the system, and deal with the lack of accountability, and unprofessional work environments, and HR protecting managers rather than deal with the real issues, go for it.
The politics at MSFT are over the top. Microsoft is more about looking good to your peers and managers rather than taking care of you customers. Beware of the politics.
Company continues to be late to market in key areas of the industry Lack of a coherent long-term strategy "Performance" redefined so that solid employees now being managed out with little to no cause
The stacking system sucked bu8t is dead. The biggest issue for me is the horriable reputation that Microsoft has built over the years in the wider IT community. Monopolistic practices (the UEFI Secure Boot is the latest example). We build GREAT products! There is no need to try to trick our customers and bully our competitors.
Managers play a big part in your career, awesome managers are hard to find
Terrible management. Claim to do away with the bell curve about every two years, but simply redefine it to keep doing business as usual. Very little reward structure in place without blatantly backstabbing colleagues.
work on products that are increasingly marginalized and being replaced by other platforms
disorganized, too many reorgs, competitive rather than collaborative
like anywhere management can be stagnant, waste time
Too many people, too many emails, and too many meetings. Hard to get actual work done.
Typical corporate politics like any other corporate companies which is expected. Layers of approval can cause huge delays.
Some of the people are not very collaborative
West Coast Bias, lack of internal promotions and work life balance
Not really any cons. The food is not free unlike some companies which I think is one of the most useful perk that can be offered to any developer.
It gets political sometimes, but it might not be like this now.
big company, needs to focus on more innovation projects (like Bill used to).
Better bring your type A/red personality otherwise you might get run over. In some groups it is a feeding frenzy which was not helped by the performance review structure (now gone).
Some of the people are not very collaborative
Stuff you would see in any big company
Leadership that you can not trust.
antiquated processes followed by some teams
The company is a lumbering giant. It feels very top heavy and doesn't feel as though it can adequately respond to competitive threats.
too big to have a chance to make a big impact
It's a very large company, with all of the downsides associated with that.
Money is less than my classmates who went for Google.
They do not offer free food
Can be hard to find a top quality manager to work for in some teams.
I do not have anything bad to say about this company. I enjoyed the experience!
- Company was positioned to own mobile, but mismanagement let Apple take it away - Stack ranking encourages selfish employee competition rather than team success - Benefits are declining: health/dental now have a 2.5k deductable
Big variability in culture and working conditions between groups. Some parts of the company are great places to work run by people who respect their reports and coworkers. Where people are encouraged to work as a team and do their best work. Other groups are perpetual death marches run by self-serving management. It's very hard to see the difference until after being hired. Once hired you are stuck in that position for 12-16 months. This is long enough to get a poor review which will make it harder to move.  Competitive culture encourages individuals to show themselves in the best light, even if it means making co-workers look bad or doing things that are not in the group or company's long term interests. The stack rank culture is engrained in the company, don't expect a different review system run by the same people who ran the old system to change things any time soon.  Decisions are often driven by politics and personalities. At the Principal level politics becomes more important. If you are the sort of person who says what they think, even if it is likely to be unpopular this may be your downfall. Being subsequently shown to be right will not help. The end result can be a a lot of smart people collectively making seemingly dumb decisions and building the wrong things. The Peter principle applies and often the politically savvy get promoted for all the wrong reasons. You come across quite a lot of senior people who are clearly just waiting to vest their next stock grants.  Over resourcing results in large teams and empire building. Often teams will vote to (re)build existing functionality "we built our own DB because (we thought) SQL Server didn't meet our needs". Lack of willingness to use open source and LCA's slow responses also promotes this problem. Sometimes this is due to valid IP taint issues but a lot of the time it's not. Smaller teams can often move faster because they are forced to make smarter decisions by their limited resources.  In general Microsoft has been slow to adopt the latest engineering practices. There are good reasons for this on some of their largest products, like SQL and Windows, but in many other cases it is simply a case of "not invented here" and "we're Microsoft, we're different". The fight to get newer (agile) process and engineering practices adopted on several of my teams was a long and painful one. If you want to work on smaller projects using the latest practices then choose your team carefully.
Review system pits colleagues against each other for promotions, pay raises, bonuses and stock awards. If you aren't moving up, you're moving out. Collaboration is encouraged, but absolutely not rewarded due to the review system. I know they have recently stopped the stack ranking process, but the culture around it has been in place for decades and will not be easy to change.  Also, because of this culture of "me first", and a history/culture centered on technology/code to solve problems, Microsoft doesn't really care or know how to care about its customers. They have top-notch researchers with PhDs who don't know how and don't have the time to conduct proper user research. The few that do aren't valued. As a result, the focus is on features, code and getting promotions, not understanding real-world customer needs and collaborating as a team to solve them. I found this frustrating and prevented me from getting excited about the projects on which I worked because I knew they weren't going to really help solve the users' problems.
Over time they lost a lot of agility and became a "big company". They could not escape the innovators dilema
Very limited in exposure to al the cool stuff happening out in the real world
Complex structure and culture varies across teams. Depending upon team success strategy can be different. Too many layers of management.
people not diligent enough and not ambitious
Because the company IS so large, it can be difficult to navigate. Lots of competing priorities can make it challenging to push good ideas through. Recent reorgs are also distracting to the day-to-day work.
people not diligent enough and not ambitious
1. politics, 2. low salary, 3. high pressure, 4. work not get reward.
Culture is non existent. Incredibly boring with an old school feel (like watching the movie Office Space. Tons of red tape to get through to get things done.
Work-life balance and transparency are often preached but not respected / honored. Management will twist your candidness against you and see that as a weakness and complaining. There are a handful of great managers but they have since left or been pushed out because they were not afraid for standing up for their team and values. Microsoft breeds and rewards selfishness and not a team first approach. Hence, why there is a such a gap in trust and focus in the organization because employees are looking out for themselves and not working collectively to make the product / service better.
Over the last few years the changes to the review model killed collaboration, you became pitched lock step in battle with your peers fighting for a review score that you could apply a dollar amount to. I understand that has gone now and that is the only reason why I give it three stars now as there is a chance that the changes will fix this.  The company has too much middle management and a lot of it is mediocre. Sadly I became one of those mediocre middle managers because I could not connect the work that my 80+ person team was doing with the success of the company and my game face wasn't good enough to help motivate my team. So I got out and haven't looked back since. I just learned my team is about to get cut by 75% as they are being 'merged' with another one.
The pace of the work may not be sustainable for many groups. High turnover in some areas puts stress on others forcing some unnatural behaviors. Lots of Clark Kent's walking in the door every morning.
There are many layers of management. Sometimes those management layers will make decisions that completely change the course of your work without ever coming to personally talk to the affected teams about it. This has been the cause of frustration for some extremely talented people. There's no free food provided.
Because of the strenuous interview process, the culture thrives off type-A personalities. The environment is extremely competitive, and if you're not a task-oriented go-getter, it can be hard to shine, even if innovating is the company's new focus. There are also cases when young employees, in their new high-responsibility roles, might let the power get to their head a little. However, managers do make an effort to counter this self-centered behavior.
Difficult to impossible to do meaningful interesting work. Physical and process infrastructure is so slow and so much contention for the few interesting projects that it's all about positioning, rarely about doing good work. In my area (software engineering as applied to big data problems) not being able to use open-source technologies means your skill set will quickly become obsolete.
bounded by one's role, results in some inefficiency
Under the old guard, the review system caused competition among peers who should have been working together. Smart employees found a manager they could trust and rode that pony.
Teams can sometimes feel too large/bureaucratic
Bureaucracy, needs more innovation. I think completion from Google and apple have forced Microsoft to come up with fresh ideas and this will great going forward. However there is so much red tape, need to be more willing to take risks on innovative ideas in the consumer market place.
- Too many unqualified employees. This detracts from any useful work. - Everybody is here for the political gameplay. The idea is to seem like you're doing useful work so as to get to the next step. Doesn't matter who you trample along the way.
Good luck trying to move up in the company. Only way is to relocate. Management likes to hire and promote external hires instead of promoting within. Its like high school over again. If you don't click with the managers, good luck going anywhere. Store manager has no clue of the dis-satisfaction of his employees.
Some employees/teams with low morale, and lots of complaints about the company and management. Be sure to join a team with positive people.
Competitive work, environment, politics greatly vary between team to team, so best of luck in landing in the right team.
The company moves too slow
Work Life Balance is really hard. Pushing up to senior and principal level is even harder.
tons of work with little reward even though I progressed up the ladder.
Difficult to see direct line between your work and the bottom line (especially at corp.). Too many poor middle managers (group managers, directors, senior directors).
less of an environment of collaborating and knowledge sharing
This is a company in a cultural free-fall.  Microsoft used to be its own worst critic - it helped improve its software by internally having high expectations. Now it is full of non-technologists (many are women who "don't understand technology, but are good at communicating, or "big picture people". So concerned about its image and its diversity - if you aren't gay or a particular race with some complaint, you're a minority.
You need to be comfortable dealing with ambiguity Some teams are very well run, others are very dysfunctional
None. Not for un-tech savy people.
For few years now we seems to missed have all latest trends.
Politics, review process, overlap of roles
The company is so large that change can be very slow and it is frustrating to see duplication and wasted resources- which can happen a lot depending on the group.
It is going to take time to undo the pure competitive, individual first mentally. It starts with division/team based goals and with the change in the HR system, it is still very vague.
limitation about employee future development
Too many have "grown-up" up inside MSFT and don't have enough or ANY experience outside of MSFT.
Speed. While more aggressive companies are focused on what they will ship 3 weeks or 3 months from now, Microsoft operates on very long cycles - 2 to 4 years. As a result, Microsoft has the unique ability to be both too early and too late in a given market.  Take mobile or tablets. Microsoft shipped product years before other companies. But when Apple demonstrated the first successful model, it took years for Microsoft to emulate.  Political complexity. Efforts to operate as "one Microsoft" often hinder success of individual groups. Take Office for the iPad. Where is it? Office Mac is also a terrible product.  Leadership is a mixed bag. The leadership ranks at Microsoft include some of the best and some of the worst leaders you will find. Question of luck.
compliance went way overboard and affects everything
New college hires do usually put in longer than average hours while competing tor promotions due to the stack rank.  At higher levels, political savvy is extremely helpful to get promoted. Lots of cross group collaboration is needed to get others on your manager's side for the stack rank.
It really depends on the product group you are in. Some groups pay more attention to work life balance than others. Generally MSFT is slow to adapt to industry trends but it is starting to come around, what with the advent of open space/team room work environments and using more popular productivity tools and philosophies such as Git and Continuous Delivery.
Team spread across different continents, expected to be available almost round the clock for meetings. Too big... multiple teams competing in the same space instead of working together. Right hand not knowing what the left hand is doing.
Their habit of promoting people to management without giving them any management training produces a lot of mediocre, at best, and bad managers, at worst.
It depends on which group you work in. Some have better work/life balance than others.
Work/life balance is not the best
Management is very closed doors. Employees are often left in the dark about goals and project priorities until the last minute. Unless you're lucky to get on a high visibility project career growth is slow.
Management is very closed doors. Employees are often left in the dark about goals and project priorities until the last minute. Unless you're lucky to get on a high visibility project career growth is slow.
Review process, gamesmanship, popularity contest somewhat
Managers are chosen from those who want to be managers and have a good track record of performance. What this means is that you may get a manager who has no experience at it, or is a horrible people person.
Microsoft has shifted more from innovation to becoming a revenue-based company. Expect to put long hours
- Company at times doesn't appear designed to retain top-tier talent. Elimination of the stack system, while widely praised, wasn't replaced by any incentives for the top 5% to stay. This is a symptom of a company which, while inventing itself in many ways, can still at times be a monolithic bureaucracy  - Product group and corporate culture can be Russian Roulette. There are teams at the company working on breakthrough products filled to the brim with absolute rockstars. There are other teams working on maintaining antiquated contractually ordained technology with people who reek of sadness and despair. Thankfully horizontal mobility is super common at the company, so if you get dealt a bad hand you're not locked in forever.
Work-life balance. Steep corporate pyramid to climb. Lots of dead weight in middle management.
-too many layers of management, not sure what they do -lots of office politics -missed the boat on too many opportunities because the company moves too slow
It's not as stable as it use to be - years ago, you know if you worked hard you didn't have to worry about getting laid off. I didn't get laid off but just the threat of it created a very stressful work environment. Rating system really makes doesn't seem fair for a company that makes billions of dollars.
Retail market tends to limit the schedule flexibility that you would expect especially if you are working at school or have a second job at the moment. The hours start off early and end very late in the day as well.
Micro management, politics, inertia , lacks innovation
Correctness may sometimes miss customer focus. Multiple disciplines can create communication barriers. May not feel startup like for those who like that feel.
- Politics and more politics, decisions are made based on how good you build your relationship with upper management rather than how smart you are - Work itself will not get recognized - Re-org, I have never seen a company having a massive re-org every year, vision keeps changing, goals are reset. It is very bad overall for the product - Agile product development is missing - Still using old and stale technology for product development like for source control, bug management.
Poor culture, they need big help, no one works for Microsoft but they work for themselves...pathetic culture...people are passioante about keeping job, not about products..or innovation...they have no standards in selecting managers...so very poor quality managers...
Behind-the-times, out of touch, moves glacially.
Things take a while to come out to the public, if this process could be cut down I think it would help tremendously
Not sure what to say.
Though the culture is changing (and hopefully, with a new CEO, it will accelerate), the company still relies too heavily on individual heroics. The previous stack rank review system encourage a behavior that was very much individualist.  There is also a ton of complexity in the processes of the company - a necessary evil in any large organization. This complexity forces too much time to be expended on internal issues as opposed to focusing on driving the business, seeking new opportunities.  Finally, the company has a tendency to elect "direct" strategies in key growth areas. Whether it is getting into the phone business by buying a handset vendor or building our own search engine - Microsoft needs to focus and bet on more disruptive strategy plays, changing the rules of the game like many newcomers have done in the last decade.
you are on your own as far as career development goes. If you ever get a less than 'meets requirements' review you are doomed and the review process is draconian.
Many older products involve tackling a lot of legacy code and trying to read the minds of developers past. Conducive to developing highly specialized skills, but not necessarily more widely applicable technical growth.
management is lack of vision
very political, impossible to get ownership or get anything done
Bad management and ridiculous time-killing, non-productive internally-facing activities...
political and people are not very responsible
we do not have a dress code ever. we get good compensation, and benefits. my bosses are kind and helpful
Not a startup, but otherwise it's an amazing company to start off or stabilize your career. People are smart and inspiring.
- You are on an island - can't use open source, stuck with some internal solutions that are not as good. - Review system and curve fitting was bad, but glad to know its being changed. - Too many people just attending meetings and contributing little. - Too many Principals with rest and vest mentality.
Bureaucracy overall. Compensation Curves are forced
1. There's a desire to create something new that works for our customers but it is often orthognal to what our competitors are doing which leads to a lot of debates on how to proceed.  2. Lots of legacy code. In general, changing something that's been around for a long time is difficult. Breaking changes are avoided and that sometimes limits the degrees of freedom for product design.
The work-life balance is very off. We have frequent releases and every release brings long hours at office. Sometimes, we don't have enough time to fix a problem at the very core. We are racing against time and we have to provide a workable solution to the problem as soon as possible. There are very few team morale events.
compensation lower end.. review process is changing, dont know what it will be like.. suspense there.
So many bright individuals in one company, to get ahead many become focused on climbing corporate ladder rather than furthering their engineer career. Overly competitive to the point of being destructive rather than constructive.
Stack ranking small groups used to kill morale - now being replaced by.....nothing yet.
The culture is about dominating others for personal gain. If you want to see bullies push around smart people who care, this is the place for you. It is encouraged.
career growth is very difficult. you have to really excel in order to get promoted.
Strong corporate environment and hard to move up in the company.
Phone, tablet, store, tools, technology
Cannot always get cell phone reception in the building I worked in. (Yes this is an odd con but that's all I have.)
Unless you are coming in externally advancement is difficult to come by. You are better off leaving for a year and coming back.
Nowadays "Micromart" named after Kevin Turner has more people counting and watching than doing. Many folks are now simply managing vendors. Lots of internal fear about losing your job. Many buildings don't have offices anymore, just giant rooms with desks.
Political, slow to react, organizational ADD.
Middle level managers are not the best, Growth can be a little slow, the review system is not extremely transparent so things are not always clear. Salaries are slightly lower than other competitive companies.
Salary , Promotion , evaluation , None , None
Stressful job, long exhausting days.
Large company syndrome, you own small stuff
Major period of transition, in both products and company leadership. Hard to know what direction things will be moving in the future.
Work Life Balance was not demonstrated by leadership
Benefit is not so good
No peer reviews are done
None so far.
Company was not customer focused most of my tenure. It is slowly changing now which is great. Performance review system pitted employees against each other, however, that system is being canned this year. Will see what transpires as a result.
One of the tough things about being such a large company is that communication and ownership of products/processes can be difficult across different teams. Also, depending on what group you're in, promotions can take a little longer here than at other companies.
big stress. long working hour. fitness benefit is not good. health care benefit is getting worse.
Review system keeps changing, need to see what the new system has in store.
the complexity of making changes
Wasteful spending and lack of accountability Many projects seem to be career enhancing as opposed to adding company value Competitive review system doesn't promote collaboration or long term thinking
Average leadership who only cares about money but never foster the development of the best product
1) Bad review system specifically for moms on maternity leave 2) Lots of politics , so if you don't know how to play politics, you will be in the bottom 10%
Disjointed sales organization and process, too many sales 'cooks in the kitchen,' very little management guidance except when the 'numbers' are due - it's not 'what can WE do today,' it's 'what have you done for ME today.'
No cons to speak of
Weak senior leadership (hopefully Satya will change this) Lack of innovation Culture of collaboration completely missing Stack rank performance mgmt. system (glad to see it's finally going away though)
No stable career path and tragectory changes often.
Review system is not conducive to growth. Direct competition with peers breeds, dishonesty and conflict.
Boring, no exciting works, hard to make new feature
Everything bad you can conceive of is present in here.
There can be really long hours
Demoralized personnel, culture discourages cooperative environment. Lack of vision and direction, disempowered middle management.
technology is old. No other cons. Do not use linux
Politics kill innovation and motivation for lots of employees. The old CEO way of doing things was to pit teams doing similar work against each other so that the best and brightest idea rose to the surface. This often frustrated more creative and introspective types and skewed loyalty to whoever could hold up the brightest "glowing orb" to the leadership. This leads to teams that don't actively accomplish much but talk a lot about doing everything in order to make it look their job is worth keeping around. Meanwhile, the people who are actually accomplishing and solving real day to day business needs are left in the dust to try and justify the work they do. It is a real poisonous atmosphere at times and erodes morale.
Executive leadership often makes decisions without understanding the full impact on all levels of the business.
The performance review system is broken. I hear they're fixing it, but I'm skeptical. The lean, innovative teams of 15 years ago are being replaced by bureaucracy and too many meetings.
SMSG Reviews still using the kill the loser mentality Actual management skills not encouraged/rewarded Healthcare benefits driven by Tax implications and is biased against mental health coverage While changing, the culture is still a ME FIRST rather than truly collaborative, particularly at the mgmt level
Fast paced, high demand, lack of free time
Everything was very decentralized, with each group and/or team "doing it's own thing." No one really knew what anyone else was doing.This may have worked when the company was smaller to promote competition of ideas, but when it matured this lead to people building fiefdoms and causing confusion with the customers. Also when there was corporate control, it was one size fits all approach. What worked for software development doesn't always work for the marketing or sales side of things. Also the culture of Type A personalities, the loudest in the room is always right mentality, is a very destructive way to manage processes and teams and this culture ran deep while I was there.
Your better product may not see the light of day, because you may be stepping in someones foot!
In the wrong team you'll work against great people and make each other dumber. Don't expect your management to help you find a good fit - it just isn't something the company is good at. You need to manage your own career. Keep shopping yourself around. Don't get stale.
Program Managers who have to design products can be held back because the company is too big to move quickly and test and iterate with customers in comparison to smaller players with less brand equity at stake. Being several layers removed from customer interaction makes for challenging decisions that are made in windowless offices driven by data that is not necessarily telling the whole story.
Too many non-technical leaders or technical leaders without empathy. Tons of politics in the major divisions and orgs...not worth your time. HR changes are not a reality, the ratings will persist. Don't be fooled.
Mobility can be constrained depending on your department within the company.
Not a con but it remains to be seen how the performance review model is changed. We hope it is for the better.
Nothing bad about this company
Sometimes the culture can get very bureaucratic hindering the ability to complete the project on time
annual review process does not encourage team spirit
Having worked for Microsoft for 10 years now, I've learned that the experience you develop here will not count towards accelerated (or non-accelarted) growth within the company unless you move to different teams. However if your passion lies within the area of expertise that your team works on, you're constantly stumped for growth in levels and promotion because of the review process. it comes down to who you know, not what you know, or what you've helped the team accomplish.
your future completely depends on your rapport with your manager
Politics in management, not transparent to individual contributor. keep re-organizing and keep chasing the leader in the market
Heavy on middle management, many contractors
Very Political Non Collaboration Viciously selfish as well as individual focussed as opposed to team focussed.
Very complex business processes and overlapping interests and challenges. Hard organization to learn as a new hire, difficult to navigate. Difficultly getting amazing R&D work into the hands of customers fast enough, tough to grow new businesses due to the high expectations (revenue, market share) of senior execs.
Lots of red tape, and can be difficult to grow within the company.
As a big organization, sometimes it can take a while to see big changes.
Individualistic culture---people look out for themselves because the culture makes them do that. Collaboration is not rewarded the way it needs to be to move the company forward. Very hard culture to integrate into---can take some people up to 18 months to figure out how it works.
Very ineffective functional organizations, the pendulum as swung toward a lower accountability model in the functional engineering disciplines, so you'll have a very crisp, defined world to work in, and until the higher levels you just don't have the right title, experience and connections to land exciting work. I feel for the newer hires.  With recent changes across the company to reorganize for One Microsoft, there's been a lot of level inflation in some groups that makes years of hard work feel disregarded and unrewarded.
large company, review system, middle management
The graveyard shifts were affecting my health
- LOTS of overhead: mandatory hr trainings, skip levels, monthly all hands, quarterly all hands, group events, etc - at times it can can feel as though people are just going through the motions
Too many politics and too many bureaucratic layers
Some politics Speed/agility Structure Employees should be encourage to understand the field reality more Internal skepticism
Overall HW teams are not organized.
Lower productivity which is common for all big scale company. Too much process to follow.
At the principal and partner levels, individual egos sometimes get in the way of making the right decisions based on data and customer feedback
Big company where innovation died out
Big company with big company bureaucracy.
Competitive. Can eat up all your time if you let it. Low regard in blogosphere.
very political, very bureaucratic, back stabbing, no strong leadership, they kill creativity and innovation
The company as a whole isn't in growth mode like many tech companies are at the moment. Bureaucracy is definitely an issue when trying to push for change as well.
Work life balance is tough for young families, ambiguous work direction which is hard for some and great for others, weather in area, excessive travel at times, can be high stress at times.
terrible mid-management layer, obsolete employee performance model, a lumbering giant that has lost its ability innovate
Getting promotions is quite slow
My main con is that Microsoft's main location is in the Seattle area. Which if you are willing to relocate, then this is actually a pro because its a great place to live. However, for people like me who want to stay close to their family, then there are limited choices for development offices. There are offices in Boston and Raleigh, but they are small and tough to get into.
At this branch office: very limited opportunities, highly cut throat competition, and insanely poor work\life balance. Jobs are limited to only 1 team at this office.
you aren't continuously pushed to do your best. Projects are led by fiefdoms and leads to a lot political infighting. Business goals aren't always aligned with team priorities - teams and people tend to spend time on their individual goals instead of focusing on the larger organizational priorities
Occassional negative market opinion of products based on preconceived notions.
Big Company, a lot of politics and Bureaucracy
Leadership fails to innovate. Top to bottom approach does not work well with Microsoft. Management teams should work together to innovate which is currently missing.
For people coming from "industry", difficult to navigate the politics of MS.
Your manager can stop your career progression if he/she does not like you. Your manager can also prevent you from applying for different opportunities based on a negative review. The employee ranking system creates a terrible working environment.  Plus Microsoft is very arrogant, so company under pays. They feel a person is luck to be working there.
Dog eat dog culture with upper management. Stacked rank reviews culls out the weak, rather than try to develop those that may need help. Zune. Windows 8. Surface Tablet. All market failures because Microsoft does NOT listen to the consumer. They are a market follower resting on the laurels of Office, Xbox and Windows and are late to the cloud computing model and mobile market. The treat their vendors like sh%t and do not recognize the value they bring to the company.
No manager seems to want to be caught making a decision, for which they might be held accountable. Also, no manager wants to be caught without someone in China at all times. Reviews are driven at least partially by your ability to exert influence, which means that everyone is trying to change your product all the time. Many con games when you are interviewing, like when they say 10% travel. Not always lies necessarily, but pretty blatant omissions.
The worst place in the world for a creative person! If you see a problem, you aren't authorized to tell the decision makers. Everyone's marching so hard (in the wrong direction) that you're holding things up if you want to stop & think.  Author the lowest-quality work of your life as "push it in now & label the rest of implementation as bugs for later" is the standard I experienced in 2 distant branches.  Oh, and if you have ever lived in a place with regular sunshine, don't even try it up here unless you're only a gamer.
office politics, too large and missed almost every single market trend in the recent years
No manager seems to want to be caught making a decision, for which they might be held accountable. Also, no manager wants to be caught without someone in China at all times. Reviews are driven at least partially by your ability to exert influence, which means that everyone is trying to change your product all the time. Many con games when you are interviewing, like when they say 10% travel. Not always lies necessarily, but pretty blatant omissions.
Big Company Can be slow moving sometimes Too many meetings Politics Stack ranking created a bad work environment in a lot of cases. (They have recently gotten ride of stack ranking)
It's comprised of exceptionally smart, capable, passionate and willing individuals horribly handicapped by bloat, bureaucracy, and the inertia of history. Management in-fighting, absolute atrophy at the executive level, and a review system which created a cannibalizing zombie horde of 100,000 people worldwide
There is so much to do that one needs to be very capable of self management. Learn how to get it done during the workday.
Some red tape which can be reduced, not very agile
office politics, too large and missed almost every single market trend in the recent years
Too many smart people, too much PM dominance of every division. Just way too many people working on every problem instead of a few core people and a solid division of smart devs.
Most good positions are at corporate, if you don't want to move to Seattle you hit a wall quickly if you are not in a sales role. They over engineer everything. Too many broken processes get in the way. Culture is fake, have to watch your back a lot.
The worse internal office politics one can expect. Managers that did something great years ago and are leading products they have no idea how to push forward.
Too many complex levels/grades of people. Career roadmap complicated.
in places stagnation, abrasive politics. High % of "underperforming not interested fat" among people, especially middle mgmt.
Company not moving fast enough, most of the time doing catchup New teams are usually good, old ones mostly code maintenance and debugging, no new work. Intra company job change requires full interview process, decreases work force mobility inside company
Everything is dependent on your reporting manager which needs to be curtailed
Needs better direction. Too many different agendas pulling the company in different directions.
The overall size of the company is the only downside of working for Microsoft. Sometimes feel like the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing.
Top heavy for sure - with people who mastered the old Microsoft - why take risks when heir is only downside. Sandbag and protect your $1+ million a year as a middle manager.. but this will be the death of Microsoft- these people don't take risks and spend too much time managing their careers instead of their customers needs. The rate of change is insufficient to catch web-born companies like GOOG & AMZN.. it's just a matter of time before the lights go out.
Politics and "checking the box" on unimportant things and processes overshadowed the actual work to be done. Review process focused too much on politics rather than actual accomplishments
1. To a certain level, there is politics involved in management. That can halt your personal growth. 2. Review system is not the best (though it has been updated in last year, don't know how will it work out yet) 3. To move internally, you have to go through a full interview loop, but you can't change your level or pay scale. Well, this makes sense from company's perspective, but one might think again. If you have to go through full interview loop, why not just try outside ? You might get a raise.
Cons – - the team I'm working with is full of veterans who have no passion any more.
If you end up in the wrong team its possible you won't like others around you or be drowned in work. It is a highly competitive environment and to succeed in it you must love the game. Ask yourself, if there is a choice to go to war or not is your answer yess!! and are you willing to lead it without backing down even if you are bleeding? if the answer is yes, you will succeed, otherwise you might do better somewhere else. MS is a battlefield.
If you end up in the wrong team its possible you won't like others around you or be drowned in work. It is a highly competitive environment and to succeed in it you must love the game. Ask yourself, if there is a choice to go to war or not is your answer yess!! and are you willing to lead it without backing down even if you are bleeding? if the answer is yes, you will succeed, otherwise you might do better somewhere else. MS is a battlefield.
lack in phone devices section
The incentive model isn't the greatest and sometimes "impact" is rewarded over making things better.
No cons at this time
Re-orgs. Ugh. Considering the fact that your managers' perception of your work is more important than your actual work (like any other corporate environment), dealing with the constant trauma of re-orgs is disheartening. A pending re-org all but guarantees that you won't get any credit for your short-term work, so if your goal is recognition and high reviews, you have to actively manage your career by finding a manager you like and following him/her through every org change. Also, even though everyone is extremely smart, egos are very high.
Big, sometimes take time to push things
Individual contributors need to be aware that the perception of success often falls to you becoming management. If you are in the wrong team, you can be disparaged very easily - rumors do fly.
Politics can get the better of you sometimes
Slow to respond to competition.
Compensation is so so. Some team has bad politics.
to much politics and too many re-orgs.
highly political and backstabbing culture upward mobility limited bad performance review program incompetent managament team
Slow to respond to competition.
Like any company, there are always bad managers here and there. There are still senior some managers who enjoy their fiefdoms and act accordingly. I my case my manager created a hostile work place, violated several of Microsoft's codes of conduct and personally violated me at a Microsoft conference. HR is not your friend here if you are a Caucasian Male. 1 year later she was promoted and 3 years later she forced me out of the company.
If you get bad manager, who isn't growing. Move.
Not optimized as a lean machine any more, decision making process
Heavy hierarchical structures. Takes a ton of work to make a small progress. Hard to impossible to grow within the company beyond General Manager
Unprofessional staff and management, no accountability for standards
Placement into deparment seems random for new hires. Don't always leverage core competencies.
Bloated org. Too many people.
We have been slow to see the trends early enough but we have changed that recently.
There are some issues in collaboration, corporate culture and attitudes
Too many reorgs and uncertainty for future trends.
Review process. Long hours. Poor management.
Very large. Easy for mediocre employees to remain employed for far too long... Top heavy with too much middle management, but this IS changing!
Due to the size of the company it is tough to push meaningful change and adjust processes that no longer efficient.
The past performance rating system ("the curve" and its competitiveness) has been challenging. Can be bureaucratic and political, depending on where you work/who you work for. Work-life balance can be bad if you get sucked in and don't establish boundaries -- can be a 24/7 culture where everyone is on email, especially due to other time zones.
It's hard working on products that aren't what you use in your personal life and products that are losing out to competitor's. Stuff Microsoft makes can be overly complex and just not work as well as you expect. It makes it hard to be proud of where you work.
HR's idiotic and stifling stack ranking (or curve fitting) of employees is now _supposedly_ gone (as part of the "One Microsoft" reorganization). I fear the bureaucratic and myopic HR remains It will take years for HR's poison to be cleaned out of Microsoft. Due to stack ranking, there are now thousands of technically shallow and dispassionate managers tucked away.  I must wonder whether HR employees were held responsible for their years of employee abuse (it appears not). Over the years, HR trained MS employees well: You were to climb on the backs of your fellow employees, you must avoid working with those who are "better", you were to work according to the metrics your manager imposed (which were frequently idiotic ones, not much better than a "lines of code" metric), and you were to transfer anywhere else, as quickly as possible (so that you stay 'fresh', in your manager's eye).  Prior to the reorg, the head of Sales & Support required Sales training upon all, required no Support training, and completely misunderstood the purpose of Support (he apparently thought Support was suppose to make sales pitches). With Sales and Support now supposedly split up (per "One Microsoft"), perhaps such damaging behavior has been limited to just "one" of the many Microsoft divisions..
Slow growth More stress on how you sound than what you do
Level of politics makes you think you work for a government agency.
Lack of people development and at times very political
Culture around teams competing against one another and senior management
They intentionally keep you on edge with job loss possibilities (and realities). The pressure can be intense.
Its easy to fall victim to being "in a bubble". Humbleness and being self critical at an individual and company level is not always evident. The air gets thin as you reach higher levels. Your own emotional intelligence is the only thing protecting you from walking into some toxic environments that some higher level Directors / GM's / SVP's seem to thrive in. (If you find yourself in one, get out asap) Rigorous self discipline to ensure work / life balance and the smarts to say 'no' when needed is a mandatory self preservation philosophy.
Things move slow and while great ideas are fostered they are not all taken as seriously as they should be
Work experience can vary drastically by product and team. Some areas have poor managers, or management that's been around for a very long time and is resistant to change.
stack-ranking was horrible, not sure if it has really gone away
Stack ranking makes for a toxic infighting work environment. Nobody trusts anybody. This stifles innovations. Destroys nimbleness.
So much middle management, duplication of effort, team driven vs company driven (folks are mostly cared about their small team's performance vs. what is good for the company overall)
Most of the management is not hired within which makes it extremely frustrating and demotivating to entry level sales associates. No commission.
Hierarchy and organizational structure sometimes hinders progress.
You mightn't have a good career in future.
Can't move around with below average rating
Be prepared to work all the time - no work/life balance, despite paying a lot of lip service to it. Very hard to get decisions made.
Its hard to "unplug" from the job - if you like to live your career to the fullest this is the place to work. If you are looking to have good balance in life at work and away from work....might want to look elsewhere.
Sometimes, narrow minded view of the market from people that had only worked in Microsoft and have no idea how other companies work and how the "real" world is. Segmented groups and lot of competition between teams are currently being suppressed, but has a huge inertia.
review system really was bad - too many ways to show favoritism.
Depending on what project you're on can get a bit boring, not as glorious as you might think or what you experience as an intern. Not many options for changing projects like other tech companies might offer. Most people are there for a very short time or a very long time.
No work life balance, mgt does not retain good talents, no transparency in promotions and annual performance does not encourage ppl for career growth
* If you are not a developer, make sure you are working in a team which sees your role as an asset and not as an unnecessary roadblock * Would advise waiting until the new CEO search is complete and the inevitably following re-orgs are completed. Anticipate a lot of people politicking in the next few months as the leadership changes
also the most cunning, competitive people on the planet. They'll compete with anyone -- if another company is not available, they'll compete with one another.
Microsoft has great products, but it fails to market them properly. Microsoft's third level management teams and below lack direction. Decisions are made by committee and by word of mouth. Internal teams at Microsoft compete against themselves too often.
No work life balance, mgt does not retain good talents, no transparency in promotions and annual performance does not encourage ppl for career growth
Processes are long and kill innovation
low salary stock options are not good as the market is not helping the stock
complacency of employees, extremely poor middle management, overstaffed teams with multiple overlaps in responsibilities which create administrative burden
Out of date engineering practice, accumulated technical debt and compatibility baggage
If you live in Seattle, the commute is horrible. The company is constantly reorganizing which is disruptive and causes months of poor morale and job satisfaction.
balance between life and work
Extremely political, unreasonably difficult to get things done, there are a ton of people who have been there for 20+ years who aren't interested in changing or working too hard
Bureaucracy and team collaboration is very low.
There is not a clear path for growth from many lower level positions, and not enough resources to aid with growth.
bureaucratic, slow, complicated, overly matrixed
Gets political after you reach a certain level which I assume you would see in any corporate giant.
Big company politics Uncertain post-Windows era Top leadership care more sales numbers than products
No decision making, bureaucracy at its best. People are not incentivized to work together.
Company loses its competition for no renovation.
The stack ranking system can bite you any year. This is regardless of your performance. Because you race with all others with your eye blinded of what they are doing, it is more likely that you miss the bar.  It is all about execution on management's vision and mission. Grass rooting ideas is not as it used to be even in fresh teams like Windows Azure
Some roles are poorly defined, poor documentation of processes, at times too many layers of alignment and in put to get things done.
Inconsistent leadership from upper management.
Very political to get ahead. Promotions few and far between. If you don't get along with your manager, you will not succeed.
It is difficult to move jobs inside of Microsoft and continue a forward career growth path
Not a lot of focus on building great stuff for customers
Typical large company processes and politics. Requires a special set of skills to be truly appreciated and move into leadership.
Company Culture and Company Values that are not adhered to
Not moving as fast as it could.
Salary less than market average. 401K plan not that great
bureaucracy, constant reorgs, and middle management doesn't have the same work ethic and values as senior management
Highly political headquarters function. A contradiction of disrespectful aggression in Sales and Marketing leadership, and at times a pacific northwest passive aggressiveness. An over focus on quarterly results at the expense of long term growth.
Very long hours, archaic performance review model, fewer solid managers now than in earlier days of Microsoft, product groups and sales organization get preferential treatment/more attention from leadership, divisions operate in silos, not all managers support telecommuting.
Tons of bureaucracy, and hard to make big changes. Management tries to manage on things they don't understand. You have to deal with Seattle weather.
Like with most jobs your happiness will partly depend on your manager, your team and your business partners. If you are considering interviewing make sure to ask plenty of questions to make sure your goals are aligned with the manager and team. Unfortunately, the turnover is quite high at Microsoft due to people moving into new roles every 2-3 years which is encouraged. This means you may take a job and have a new manager in 6 months and the new manager may or may not have the management style you work well with, but you only have to wait a year to move to another role. In over 10 years I've had a new manager once per year on average with almost all of them being good managers and a couple great ones. Most are hands off which means you need to learn your job and do your job without backup. You own your career at Microsoft which can be a pro or con depending on what you want. Just know that you need to focus on doing your best and push for yourself. Managers are supportive but don't proactively help out - it's on you to make your career what you want.
Salary not so competitive, especially for older people.
Microsoft slipped as a company on several fronts under CEO Steve Ballmer. It was certainly not from lack of great ideas but lack of vision and technical depth at the upper echelon in MS.
Work life balance, review process, and middle management
Politics and cronyism can be a bit of a pill for those who want to focus on performing well. Too many can spend hours in meetings asking questions but not delivering work product and still get promoted. Hopefully, the new review structure will mitigate this.
Advancement is nebulous and is highly dependent on whether or not your boss is competent at his/her job.  SDET career path is an absolute joke. Almost impossible to get beyond level 62. Was lied to at every step of the way, being told there was headroom, but there never really was.
Until recently, highly competitive due to the old review structure. We'll see what changes in 2014 to make it more open for employees to move to One Microsoft.
lots of bureaucracy. management has no clue
Politics in teams. Curve ratings is the BIGGEST detrimental to any motivation to perform good job. Slow growth in various old Windows\Server teams.
There are a few who are resistant to the One Microsoft and culture shift that began years ago. But there are so many talented, intelligent, incredible people that model success that taking the high road is relatively effortless.
Like every company, internal politics can be a challenge. Often times, those who scorch the earth tend to advance their career faster. Have seen many under performers passed along to other teams versus cutting them loose.
Horrible managers, myth of "work-life balance", lack of support for family crisis issues.
The company is being perceived to be slow in adapting to changing market. It missed the internet revolution, the tablet and now the mobile revolution. There are many areas which the company has invested in but may not be aligned to the vision.
Some groups will work you to the bone, while other groups will offer a better mix of work/life balance. Do your research. YMMV
Large bureaucracy Little scope for professional scope
Average salaries. Review system was terrible. stack ranking is the dumbest thing I have ever witnessed with stellar employees on a team. I never received less than an Exceeded, but many equal employees were forced to be "bottom 10%" just because they cannot recognize everyone as being valuable.
Extremely dysfunctional company with lots of fighting between departments. They promote an environment of hostility and encourage people to go after one another - "survival of the fittest". Only the favorites are promoted or recognized for their work.
Progress is hindered by managers and senior folks
Progress is hindered by managers and senior folks
slow and steady - more process oriented
Stiff competition with Google, Apple and Amazon
Zero work life balance and the company talks out of both sides of it's @&&. One minute they say that they want you to have work life balance, the next they say that if you really want to get ahead that you have to put in many, many hours to get ahead. Many of the people in my group would be doing work into the night on a daily basis.  They issue an annual employee survey where the purpose is to take the temperature of the employees and how they like to work at Microsoft. Each of the years that I was there, our direct manager would have a meeting with us and would say "if you have any problems at all, we would appreciate it if you told us in advance of the survey so we can work things out". This to me is just purely unethical - You are essentially strong armed into providing responses that are not honest for fear of it coming back to bite you professionally. Managers seem to be "graded" on this so if they have a small group of reports, then it wouldn't be too hard for them to figure out who said what (or they may assume).  Speaking of surveys - they do the same with their customers as well. This is a big metric within MS and reps have to be very careful as to who they get to fill out their surveys in order to get a good response. Have literally seen reps blatantly ask for good marks rather than honest ones.  Political - very political internally. There are people who have been there for years and are very much an "inner circle". People are some-what click'ish.  Not really a "negative" but just different - Very different sales cycle and unique from most other sales organizations. July, there is nothing going on, August through ~October is mostly "sales planning". Different in that the specialists are responsible for telling the account managers where the opportunities are within the account managers companies. This is not a big negative, but I do find it unusual. You would think that the account manager should know where the opportunities are within their own accounts.
Culture is not encouraging team work
Review process is an absolute disaster and encourages the whole "it's who you know" mentality. You can do an amazing job, not get along with a manager, and get brushed ignored, brushed aside, or forced out.
slow promotion in a small team
Travel requirements tripled from the time of being hired.
Culture has suffered due to growth, lack of clear vision towards the future.
lack of investment in technology
As with all big companies, things can get too political. Gaining visibility sometimes becomes more important than actually doing the work. This doesn't mean its a bad thing- it just means that you have to be really careful about how you communicate and really choose your words.
Poor management, No benefits, Low pay for level of work.
Politics, limited financial upside, gender/racial quotas make promotions and performance reviews frustrating from a white male perspective. Disliked by a good portion of the tech community.
You'll get harassed at parties ("I hate Vista, my computer is broken, Skype didn't work last night") Senior management isn't always great at communicating downward which sometimes results in confusion There are still some old (OLD) tools being used in engineering and it sucks when you have to go touch them
Gigantic company, occasionally can be difficult to see one's impact on the company in a meaningful way.
review system really sucks. frequent re-org could hurt your career growth.
It is an inward looking, extremely slow moving, bureaucratic and arrogant organization. They are thrashing around trying to repeat the successes of the 80s and 90s in new areas, without changing any of their leadership or practices. That means unless you are an insider you get thrashed around as well - reorganizations and changes of direction are constant and unending. Managers at all levels are hit and miss, and empires constantly block meaningful progress
I have no negative comment
- the team I'm working with is full of veterans who have no passion any more.
Introducing lay-offs and then using them as any other at-will company to replace people instead of growing people was a bad move for the Microsoft culture. This may have done as much damage to the culture as the forced rating scheme which was just recently removed.
The company is losing edge on technologies
Thick layer of middle management - resulting in very specific job focus
Learnings are from dis-function, mired in "big 5" consulting meetings, mini-Wash DC, passive/aggressive, savvy over results, assimilate or perish with no middle
No accountability for other employees, HR is not responsive, the company is more focused on bureaucratic processes and chain of command rather than efficiency, no real improvement or structure for promotions across the board experientially, no competitive compensation for large sales
Very stressful environment. But that is the nature of the Job that one has to get used to.
Routine, slow, no free food, a lot of meetings
Difficult to find the right team.
- finding a good management team can be tough, but they do exist. - politics between teams that are supposed to be partners. Hopefully the big restructuring will help this.
Politics, politics, politics. You easily get stabbed by someone with a big friendly smile. Lack of promotion opportunities - they like hiring senior people from outside Unbalanced power - PM and Dev tends to have a much louder voice Shipping is painfully slow - even you have the best idea, time washes it away. You don't get pay as much as in other companies, and pay rise is barely matching inflation.
Politics overshadow performance. People are often stepping over others in order to try and get ahead. It's also difficult to move to a different department, therefore growth is limited.
Previous stack ranking system created a bad environment, better now - but definitely tough to breakthrough to principal band given the amount of re-orgs the company has gone through. Some management teams lack ability to to basic product planning
Politics overshadow performance. People are often stepping over others in order to try and get ahead. It's also difficult to move to a different department, therefore growth is limited.
Too many reorgs, not enough alignment between different groups, can be really frustrating trying to get things done, not what it used to be
The company is so big that there's very limited impact that an individual person can contribute to the company
Not everyone clicks, but that's to be expected.
Attracts all types of middle (meddle) management, except good ones. Don't expect managers to help you in your career. Managers are judges, who score your performance, but don't get involved. Customer-focus is only a bullet point to be parroted to customers, not to be practiced. Be prepared to spend your time impressing the judges (managers). Invest your time in building the death-star that is Microsoft, don't waste your energy on customers.
Politics, upper management, stick to a particular group of schools
Company has to focus on retaining top talent
Review system is bad - everyone competing against each other internally.But there seems to be a lack of accountability for performance in upper management. Large company bureaucracy and overall inattentiveness to employee needs and desires.
Microsoft is still trying to evolve away from its early DNA of intense internal competition, but it's still deeply embedded into the company culture. As an employee, more effort is spent fighting to win vs. peers than vs. competition, and it's exhausting and inefficient.
Inter-department switch requires a full loop of interviews.
Struggling with working cross boundary, difficult to get things done sometimes. Too much rigor and process.
Highly competitive culture sometimes hinders collaboration (though new review model may help that) Moving towards open space instead of offices Challenging era for the company which can be disheartening
The only downside I can think of is that the workload between different teams are not balanced. some teams are busy like dog, some others not so,
It's a big company, and very difficult to impact decisions in a short timeframe. Often decisions made far outside your circle of influence, and without your knowledge, impact your day-to-day job. Many of the products are staid and unexciting, and ship on long cycles. The result is that people who get enjoyment from shipping exciting new software need to get their job satisfaction from other factors. The performance management system encourages competition within a team rather than rewarding a team for great work. Finally, the ship cycles can lead to work/life inbalances that last months, and take a toll on home life.
Very stressful work situations sometimes ( depending on product groups and job roles), more bureaucratic for raise and promotions, awfully high expectations from manager, no voice in product feature unless you are a senior level product manager or senior program manager
Sales-oriented mentality relatively too heavy in senior management. Years of business division model managed by individual P/L fiscal responsibilities meant less risky to focus on incremental improvements on products so sales can grow a certain % in each fiscal year. And the 'follow the market' approach to product development meant consistently a few cycles behind market makers. Even with the recent re-orgs instituted by Ballmer, the top ranks are still predominantly sales people, who are best at driving and managing sales organizations. Plus a top-heavy culture means conformity (to a sales-oriented culture, as opposed to a more bottom-up engineering and product-focused one) is preferred, and very difficult for grassroots innovation to make ground.
A lot of 'mean behind your back' types. People will throw you under the bus at the drop of a hat. Very inbred top leadership, unable to keep talent that is not home grown, very not invented here mentality.
not available. not available. not available.
Salary is so-so. Middle management culture. Traffic in greater Seattle is a nightmare.
Very slow in responding to change
Balmer's stacked rank has GOT to go.
You have to work in Cambridge, if you do not want to work remotely.
Salaries are mediocre, it's pretty slow paced in terms of forward momentum due to analysis-paralysis.
too lazy, the people is sometime lazy, it end work early.
Annual review process and rating system. Process heavy.
- Too many middle managers and middling management, too much internal competition, passionate but unimaginative leadership. - Too much cost watching from management and not enough good ideas. - We have gone from being successful "fast followers" to just plain "followers". - We have problems coping with complexity. - Willingness to leverage advanced technology (that involves math and mental effort) is very limited. - Overemphasis on "simplicity" leads to poor solutions.
Internal focus predominated people's thoughts.
Engineering at some teams (especially older) can become too structured sometimes. There is not much room for innovation, and the rigid requirements can make the work feel boring sometimes. Hard to make significant contributions at the junior levels.
playing not to lose, instead of playing to win. culture too inwardly focused. too much time on internal meetings at the expense of deeply knowing and serving customers and partners. command-and-control governance dramatically impacts agility. courageous change agents and risk takers find it extremely difficult to survive.
Deep culture of arrogance stifles company wide innovation. Typical dysfunctional attitudes include: "We don't own that technology? It's evil." "I can build that better than that other team's implementation." "Look at me, I am here 23 hours a day! I'm so busy!... doing nothing useful."
No option for a return offer.
Life after the first month has its troubles, though. The peers you meet the first month scatter all over the country to their respective locations, you don't have as clear cut a path, and training feels slightly disorganized. Everyone has his or her own technology focus, but it can take a while to find out what that is, leaving you stranded, and since it's really important you get billable, that can be daunting.
In the past 5 years or so Microsoft has become a revenue focused company with licensing being the primary objective of customer interactions & employee measurement.
None, Seattle is a great place to be.
Outside perception within the industry about what Microsoft is all about.
Some teams have way too much process. Slow to get to the consumer and slow to innovate because of ancient release methodologies. There is a lot of unnecessary re-organization because of changes to upper management which causes flux to teams that are doing good work. There isn't a cohesive strategy within bigger teams because there are multiple senior level people who want to assert their ideas which causes teams to get pulled in different directions over time. With the latest One Microsoft strategy this is getting reduced but we aren't there yet.
Poor environment, dated offices, many people sharing small offices - though improvements are begin made. Super competitive.
Consultants are treated as disposable garbage in most cases. Unclear and vague commitments which need to be signed every year. Distribution of available assignments is extreemly convoluted and based on politics in most cases. Consultanst are required to search for assignments and in case of slow market are blamed for utilisation gaps.
The culture internally is being forced to change.The messaging is good however the experience of the message is yet to been felt/seen. A lot of people had little positive to say about the prior model because it forced a gladiator set of behaviors against your peers and friends. Know that these behaviors are conscious and will need time to change with the culture change being advocated.
Re-orgs destroy everything. Several teams are dead weight on the rest of the company, but ignored because the company is a profit machine. Far too many processes and practices about this company come from the 20th century, which really slow things down. Not relevant anymore, but the stack rank caused us to lose far too much talent for no good reason.
Promotion is heavily driven by politics.
The biggest con was the enforced "go it alone" culture created by stack ranking. Truly employees are valued for not collaborating and working to solve problems and take credit entirely on their own. My own personal style has always been collaborative centered around brainstorming and giving credit where credit is due freely. Each employee has their own office in many of the buildings and as a result many people would IM each other rather than speak face to face even while sitting in adjoining offices. I'm a people-centered manage by walkaround person and as a result the team I led beat its goals and went home happy every night. But I was a manager of one and none of that success made its way through the stack ranking process. Hopefully these new changes help move the culture further forward and make the company more competitive in the marketplace.
If you're not careful, you'll forget how great you are. So it's important to focus on deliverables and get out of the bubble. Attend / speak at tradeshows, take classes, and volunteer outside of work. There's a lot of role overlap, so prepare for turf wars. The proliferation of fiefdoms is being addressed at last. Job scope is small (not as bad as Amazon, but the trend is increasingly towards specialization).
Review System - oh wait that just got changed! Scratch that...
Nothing is wrong this is the best place to work
Bad middle and upper managers, at least in operations. You question how they got where they did - they don't know what it takes to build an organization, culture, transparency, nor do they care. Its everyone for themselves - very little team mentality, support, sharing of information. Culture is bad. Little attention is spent on mapping out a master plan for an organization, so you end up doing a lot of work that doesn't appear meaningful and end up thinking that Microsoft makes money in spite of itself. Managers aren't rewarded for developing people underneath them - i.e. if people get promoted, that isn't rewarded. So, who will cares about your success? only you. No career advisor or someone who will be a champion for you. You have to sell yourself and figure it out on your own. Don't look to management to map out a plan for the organization, for where it is going, or how you fit into it.
A huge company and decisions could be slow at times.
many re-orgs and moves in short time-frames and roles can be swapped or shuffled around.
There is still lots of work to do to turn the company around. Cash cow businesses are nearly milked out, and there are many technologies that the company needs to mature in order to replace the revenue. Also, there is some uncertainty around who the new CEO will be and what the new CEO will do.
Would be confined to microsoft technologies, with very little exposure to open source stuff.
Review system, culture and politics are destroying this company.
Not so great future prospects
A big company, meaning sometimes things take long
Some of the partner level employees have been in their role for too long. They should retire or start something new. I talked to one recently and asked why he's not retired yet. His answer was that he likes to manage people and be in charge. Some teams are mired in red tape and score cards (mainly Kevin Turner's org).
- Weak leadership, executive infighting and jockeying - Risk adverse environment prevents bold risks and confident execution. R&D work is no good if you don't monetize it... and we didn't even develop Kinnect, so don't take credit for Prime Sense's work. - We have more in common with Blackberry and Barnes & Noble than our competitors. - All the smart people have or are leaving. Just look at the number of GMs applying to local SMB tech companies as we speak. (I am already planning my own route out after a decade!)
Well structured means less flexibility, too much procedures sometimes, hard to switch teams. Skill sets are limited to MS internal
Just missing the mark - too much into the "Microsoft Way or the Highway."
Management is out of touch with the changing landscape of open source, and internal tactics prevent good collaboration/teamwork.
Not much to say as of now
Review Model, Too much politics
Too many meetings and it takes long to get to market.
Highly changeable management with no leadership or focus.
As you climb the ladder, you have limited career options if you see yourself as an IC (individual contributor).
High levels of duplication of effort and legacy code. Internal focus and lack of knowledge or acceptance of tools, frameworks or processes 'not invented here'. Freeloaders and middle management that coast or don't bring value to the team, true for any large population.
Stack ranking has created an environment where peers are looked as competitors (though things are changing)
No cons that I know of
Not totally established yet (startup), don't have a few of the perks of working at a very large corporation, but I was still happy to leave a large corporation to work here.
Sometimes it can feel very bureaucratic -- the "One Microsoft" alignment will clean up some of this, but it will never go away (big company problem) You will always disagree with some of the decisions senior leadership makes. Sometimes you'll have to just take your marching orders and focus on where you can have impact.
Hard to strike a good work/life balance, but can be attained if you set your own boundaries.
If you end up in the wrong group for you, or a group that is being mismanaged, it can be a very hard place to work - this didn't happen to me but did happen to people around me. Microsoft is a huge company so you should be able to find the right place for you. No reason to wash out at all.
The former review system resulted in an inability for teams to work together and led to unnecessary drama and challenges.
same interview 4 times over
Too much infighting and ownership (territory) claiming Poor execution Poor vision on high level (especially related to online)
Occasional office politics. Sometimes boring jobs.
- No free food (only free drinks) - Compnay is too big so impact is small - POLITICS
to grow up the chain you have to learn art of management not leadership
Lack of African American representation within the company. Not sure too many black folks will want to move to the Pacific Northwest, but it's a great place to live.
Weird cultural issues still cause problems. Lack of clear vision forward.
Not enough rewards based on individual merit
Weird cultural issues still cause problems. Lack of clear vision forward.
Not enough rewards based on individual merit
Stress due to force curve, stack ranking, even accomplished the goals.
There are some issues around CEO.
collaboration across divisions may not be efficient.
Too bureaucratic in certain product groups. Too many fights between divisions. Not much collaboration.
Frequent reorganization of internal teams and management, weekend work is a norm, work life balance is promoted but not necessarily implemented, does not always promote from within,
It is too slow for a young people to grow.
Too big to manage, A little political between teams/orgs,
-sometimes panning takes very long time then it should
The biggest con is the stupid stack ranking - if you hire great people to begin with, you shouldn't have to get rid of 5-10% each year. Time will tell if the changes recently implemented will actually filter down to the individual contributor.
Politics is at least as relevant as performance.
Lack of visionary leaders and break-through innovation in products
The environment can be very competitive
duplication of efforts, too much emphasis on levels/ promotions, managers have a bit much power - especially old timers.
Highly competitive Expected to work independently, without direction, but still held to a high output goal Expect to work more like 50 hours a week, including checking email on the weekends Only hourly employees would get overtime Such a large company that sometimes there are conflicting agendas: example - "don't hire more vendors that have badge access AND ALSO Headcount freezes and scrutiny on replacing open slots" So, sometimes the work is heavy, but they don't reduce the expectations.
Built around a declining business model, and it is noticeable. At some point you can't keep growing without getting bruised with politics. If you're not politically talented, at least will need to have high tolerance towards it and know to stay away from people's destructive path. Switching jobs internally is not simple, and upper management can easily block you using obscure rules.
Too much politics, not really much time focused on engineering. Not too many days off. Projects and team are reorganized very often.
There are a lot of layers which is par for the course in working for a large company.
Lots of politics, and the forced curve. The forced curve is going out the door, but so are annual review scores, which goes back to the political aspect of the company. You'll have to be able to play the game, and well, to get ahead.
Company is in stagnation. Review system completely destroyed company culture. MS is not fun place to work anymore.
The old saying "if you've got 15 minutes, Microsoft will take it..." absolutely applies. You will be challenged to maintain work/life balance, but if you love winning, the work piece may consume you.
bureaucratic the annual reviews are not transparent - there is a fair bit of politics that happens here lot of work is done just to gain 'visibility' and not because it is the best thing to do either for the business or the customers Steve ballmer is not an inspiring leader but he is on the way out. I hope that who ever replaces him is from the software industry and has a technical background.
Depending on the group you work for the work/life balance can get really out of balance. Politics can slow down progress or innovation. The rating system put peers against each other which was not good but this system was removed this year.
Can get stuck in partner decisions, re-orgs happen a lot and can hijack your career path.
being managed out if not a rock star...
- Groups are hit or miss. Sometimes you're working within a great organization with an exemplary leader, other times you're not. The company is so big, it's best to do your research on each organization as if it were it's own separate business - There is a lot of resistance to "outside of the box" thinking. Senior management is well aware of the public's perception of Microsoft's lack of creativity in terms of marketing, but it often felt as though they were powerless, hence so are you - While you do get compensated well enough, you must consider the amount of hours being put in. When that's considered, you're not necessarily being paid as much as you think. - The majority of people here are Type A personalities, so be ready to keep up - In the pursuit of upward mobility, you can EASILY lose a sense of work/life balance. Be careful. You need to always put your personal life first. - Lacks customer centricity (this is my own personal pet peeve as that's VERY important to me)
New employees need to work hard
You may not always experience an agility of a startup/small-company.
Potential for stifling culture, low respect for sales and marketing functions.
Top heavy with ineffective management.
- Review system though its been improved now. - in some teams there is some internal politics which is not good.
No Work Life Balance Growing opportunities
Performance review system...Though this was changed yesterday. Hopefully things will be better now.
Very weak of management. No directions and visions in all level of management. Peers compete for exposure and visibility, instead of team work and collaboration. Lack of transparency when decision was made.
Every day was like ground hogs day. You scratch and claw and spend obscene hours working on a PowerPoint deck in order to get funding or a headcount for a project. Once approved, if the manager who approved it moves on, the new one moves in and questions everything. It's as if the proper thing to do is join a new team, assume everyone sucks so try to get them to move on (or worse, fire them) so that you can build your own team of yes-men that try to re-invent the job only to try the same things that failed years earlier.  The stack-rank review system was a disaster and made enemies within teams  Many of the best people left. I don't know anyone that still works at MS that isn't looking to leave (this is a Seattle-Redmond area comment)
Working cross org is next to impossible. Lots of people working really hard on things that they don't need to - because orgs don't talk, you can have teams working on the same thing, or driving work that will lead to low revenue. It can be very frustrating for that reason. The higher you move up in HR, the more political it gets - more about show than actual work. SMSG HR is all about scorecards and extremely large powerpoint presentations.
Very bad product planning. Only way to get good feature through is if Apply or Google have launched competing products.  Performance review system drive some good people away. Especially stack ranking. Due to stack ranking, teams tends to develop "unbiased" performance evaluation criteria that don't help delivering good software.
There is no cons, everything looks good!
If you're not actively investing in your skills you can become stagnant in your skill set & less competitive in the market.
Too big a company, things are done differently from one team to another.
smart people lots of products/strategies Long-term thinking insular at times, too internally focused
Some poor management at certain groups. Experience counts for little in some divisions. Favoritism is growing,
Horrible management in services area. seemed to be pushing people out once they got into 40's and replacing with people fresh out of college. Managers also pitted people against one another. Managers acted like the kids in middle school...with all sorts of strange drama that they created.
stack ranking. Someone had to lose whether or not they were a good contributor. You were ranked on the bell curve. Outsourcing to India was a huge mistake. The customers and support greatly disliked have to deal with India.
The size of the company requires everyone to maintain vigilance on staying nimble and fast moving, while finding opportunities to simplify our approaches, wherever possible.  Microsoft continues to be a very Redmond-centric company, despite decades of global growth.
big company hard to navigate
The company is not as good as it used to be. It is on its downhill. With everyone else is doing open source, the Microsoft technology stack (centered around the Windows) is fading into yesterday's choice.
The culture is very stifling and politically motivated. Extremely bureaucratic with all decisions driven by few people inside closed doors. Management says to voice opinions, but if you don't sing to their tune, then you will see the result in the infamous stack ranking.  The managers have too much power to game the system of year end reviews. Have seen multiple people take advantage of the system by going out shopping with manager after work, socializing in company events and then getting high rating even though they have not been able to perform their core work efficiently.  The culture fosters distrust among colleagues. For example, even if the manager is not present in a meeting, words gets to the manager somehow even after you made a comment and caveated it by saying that this discussion is strictly inside the meeting room only.  The management tries to manage by keeping informational silos with the employees and acts arbitrarily to do what is advantageous to them. For example, I have been in groups where promotions were never shared and kept a secret. If management wants to give you a good rating, they will share the feedback you have got from your business partners.If the management wants to give you a bad rating, then they will say that the policy is not to share the feedback.  The company will try to hire you down if you are coming from other company. The overall compensation is not good compared to many other companies, especially since they hire you in a lower position. On top of that, management does not give recognition to your past skills and you basically start afresh.  Overall, people who pays 80% weight on politicking and 20% on actual value added work will do good. If not, you will find the culture very negative. At the end of the day, the work needs to be done and the company has a huge pool of vendors for that.  Note: All groups are not bad places to work for. There are some good groups and not so good ones. The above observations are some common themes based on working across multiple groups.
In general lack of growth. The culture doesn't encourage working together as a team
Microsoft is a huge company. Although that means stability, it also means that it has more bureaucracy.
Redmond is far from the city which means you'll either live in the burbs or incur a commute every day. There's not a lot of non-MS tech in Seattle so it's easy to live in a bubble
Had to leave due to temporary/seasonal hire
Engineers are worshiped - everyone else, not so much VERY political Swagger is rewarded, if you can't toot your own horn, you won't get very far here
Lots of reorgs, process heavy
Must keep a lookout to stay ahead of the reorgs and RIFs. More attention given to internal politics than to actual value added work.
I will echo others opinions about the demotivating review system. Senior management relies on feedback from others to assess ones performance. The first person to complain and offend others in their defense wins.. they don't weigh if and whether the feedback is accurate and whether it should be considered or disregarded.
If working in the US and you want to advance to upper management you pretty much have to be prepared to move to Seattle/Redmond.
bureaucracy, lack of innovation and slow management
Microsoft lives in it own universe
Microsoft lives in it own universe
Playing catch up in many areas. Late to the game with surface and phone etc.. Lots of meetings, many with little action / ROI
Can't say there are really any negatives. Very highly regarded
Stressful at times, very demanding work
The review process is not fair to everyone.
I had to code on a white board, but that's every other interview
Look around at other successful companies in the valley. The culture. Microsoft's SV campus is lacking.
There is 100% Travel, and the size of company makes is less agile
Process gets in the way of timeliness and innovation
Highly politically charged environment It's hard to express facts without first considering who in the room might not like the truth to be told.
Everybody has to fight for visibility, because that is how you get promoted. If you are quite, sorry. Program Managers and some aggressive devs like to get rather aggressive in meetings in order to get more visibility. Good individual contributors get promoted into lead positions and have no clue how to lead, worse ones just plainly take their team's credits.
Slow paced Too much internal politics
If you are part of bay area team in Senior Engineering role, you are the wrong place to make the difference. The company operates from Redmond. It acts like start up when it comes to planning but executes at the speed of big company while it should be exactly opposite.
Leadership of mostly women seriously inhibits success as a male.
Company has lost direction recently and the old guard is too set in its ways to turn the ship around to the recent changes in tech. Many middle managers are focused on their own careers than company's success. Some of this stagnation is frustrating when you are especially trying to develop or launch new products.
1. The company is too big and too slow. I don't know what exactly the reason for this is, but everything in the company just seems to happen so slowly, even down to minor everyday tasks such as getting a single bug fixed.  2. People in the company are nowhere near as smart as some people think, particularly the new hires. In a market where companies like Google, Facebook, etc. are soaking up the cream of the crop, Microsoft has certainly lowered their standards and is settling for those who cannot make it into such companies. The really smart people are those that have been around for a decade or so, from back when Microsoft could attract those kind of people. The rest are probably still better than your average code-monkey, but nowhere near as good as they need to be to turn this company around. On rare occasions you come across some surprisingly incompetent people.  3. Performance system is broken:  - Rewards are tied to how much visibility the work you do has, i.e., the more the number of people who know what you are doing, the better your chances of a favorable performance rating. This may seem justified on paper, because the higher the "visibility" of your work, the more important it is. However, what ends up happening is that it basically becomes a popularity contest. You may be working on something that might be the most important thing for your immediate team, but since no one outside your team knows that, it is very unlikely you will be rewarded for your work. The "new" review system that was announced recently doesn't change any of this.  - No matter what they tell you, there is definitely a minimum time period you need to be in each level before you get promoted to the next, no matter how good you are.  - It's all about being in the right place at the right time. Good opportunities are hard to come by, and they keep moving around the company. Currently it looks like all the good opportunities are in the Windows Phone group. People there are getting promoted like crazy. Whereas in Windows, there is a huge dearth of good opportunities. And since the average seniority of employees in Windows in much higher, the few good opportunities go to the senior folks, leaving the junior folks with very little, making it hard to progress up the career ladder.  4. Lack of good vision from leadership: Given the mess we are in right now, we need a Steve Jobs to turn us around.  5. Ancient engineering practices: When I left school, I was eager to get into some actual software engineering and learn cool things like TDD, unit-testing, UML, etc. I am saddened to say that my co-workers and I are still writing code like it is for a class project. I think Microsoft relies more on a strategy wherein junior developers are just not given much important and complicated work until after they have gained a few years of experience. That's no way to do software engineering in today's world. While SDETs churn out huge, complicated, and heavy test frameworks for testing products, the reality is that these tests usually never catch any bugs, and most bugs are found in production.  6. You better be prepared to spend the rest of your life working with Microsoft technologies: They avoid OSS and non-Microsoft solutions like the plague, which, to be fair, might be justified because of the potential for legal troubles. But if you are coming to work here, be prepared to say goodbye to the rest of the technology world.
Hyper Political environment charged with promoting based on political favor versus talent and results. Possessing talent is not enough. Strong push to reduce US headcount and move jobs to low cost markets to the point of US employee abuse
If you happen to get a bad manager, no matter how smart you are, nothing or no one can help you grow in your career.
- Very isolated from the tech industry, not considered relevant, considered old school, stodgy - Slow moving, bloated teams - Not able to be react quickly to competitive threats - Slow to adopt mobile computing
Employee calibration model creates negative behavior and squashes creativity/innovation. Often feel like you are pitted against your peers to rank a good performance review since you are calibrated against peers.
Management. Anyone with any scruples got out of management shortly after the "stack" ranking was implemented. Those who are left would as soon stab you in the back as look at you. They look out for their buddies, and anyone else has a target on their back and is fair game for the "bottom 5%".  This used to be a fun place to work. Don't get me wrong, it's definitely a tough job and you have to know your sh*t. But, there used to be social events, beer Fridays, pizza, free t-shirts and other assorted swag, etc. All of that is gone, and people spend the majority of their time just trying to make sure they don't get "bottom boxed". It's all about who you know and how you present yourself these days, and all the "fun" has been stripped away. The culture nowadays is literally toxic, and people spend far more time worrying about the review model than actually being able to do their job.  The company isn't at all cutting edge anymore and is so wrapped up with red tape that its nearly impossible to get anything done.
There is a strong tradition of failing upwards. The company has lost a lot of its best and brightest to other companies, and the bottom-feeders that are left tend to be very bad at their jobs. The company's biggest problem is how political it is. You will never get a promotion on the merits of the job you do, you must get into the "inner circle" of a higher-up manager to have any chance. Most of the time, instead of dealing with the politics, people just get fed up and leave -- and forever after have nightmares about their experience.  The company has a mandate to fire 7% of their employees a year, and if you aren't in the top-tier inner circle, you feel like you're always fighting for your job. Every promotion you get is one that someone else did not.  Avoid the Office division like the plague, it is the least innovative part of the company. The technical stagnation of "It's been done this way for years, and we'll continue to do it this way" permeates every part of the product. You will not grow or learn there. For some, it's OK because they have a relatively high paying job that doesn't expect much of them. But I wanted more.
- Weather is kind of bleh but the summers make up for it.
The company has been stagnant for more than a decade now. The culture, environment, and pay are all starting to lag behind the top companies in the tech industry.
- Promotion depends on political climate of your team/org - Teams fight turf war to keep their political capital (visibility of features, etc.)
Microsoft is a cutthroat organization, where employees are pitted against each other due to the forced "normal curve" whereby managers are forced to grade employees on a graded list, with the bottom 10% judged to be "C" players that need to be weeded out. HR still forces you to grade on this curve, regardless of how small or large your team is, and how well the team has performed. It creates a very bad environment where people often don't want to help each other out on projects.  Also, another downside is that because MSFT is so huge, they tend to be very internally focused and don't spend enough time looking at interesting things happening in the industry outside of Redmond. This creates a bit of a bubble on campus and I think part of the reason why the stock has stagnated over the past 13+ years.
- sluggish mid-level management - imbalance in career growth across divisions
In the early years (0-2), there was churn at the mid-management level (and also senior management level at times) as the group matured and different skillsets were required, which impacted morale and productivity during transitions. Teams felt pressurized occasionally due to the perceived impact of failing to land critical projects and/or growing the business (i.e. signing new customers).
I guess the stability of a big company is not for everyone, but if you're looking for a solid job where you can learn and contribute meaningfully, there aren't very many cons.
Very competitive rating system, which leads to a lot of pressure sometimes. Sometimes gets caught up in process.
outside perception, people don't like Microsoft
NONE, Nada that I can think of so far. I am only working less than a year.
Performance Review Model Review model inhibits collaboration and risk taking
* Definite good ol' boy network as you get higher in the organization
It's retail, plenty of hours.
no real carrier path within my profession
Competitive review model makes collaboration difficult. What did you do for me this year? Long track record of high performance is mostly irrelevant at review time.
Highly competitive atmosphere (not necessarily a con). The company could be quicker in its development processes, but there is an air of improvement.
management can be difficult to work through
I've been in leadership at MS for 11 years. I started in the product groups for the first half of my career and have been in various support teams the second half. I've watched the review model slowly erode our culture and people. It looks great on paper, but if it's really so effective why doesn't it apply to Sr. Leadership? Why is it that direct manager is still on the top reasons people leave MS?
management can move people into positions that they won't succeed in
stable and big..so see no cons
Benefits were tripped a bit recently (mostly medical). Not much faith in upper management and C-level executives. As with many companies, visibility and loosely defined "impact and influence" are more important for performance reviews than actual performance. Performance reviews can be interpreted as opaque, unfair, and subjective.
Maybe not so much a con but a reality....If you want to get ahead, work/life balance will get skewed towards work Redmond-centric Some functions were too silo'd
Incompetent Middle management. Bad review model.
Work life balance and performance review has to be improved
Does not understand change management
Innovation is customer focus are not quite the key points
Culture over the last few years has been declining, and is now very toxic and cannibalistic. The new review system drives the wrong behavior and is very demoralizing. Microsoft has publicly said that these elements are appropriate for a "high performance company", so don't expect changes. The company speaks of the business value of work/life balance, but does not support it with action within their management philosophies.
Hours could be an issue at times
The company overall has become quite lost and needs to re-define its identity. There were 5 different re-orgs when I was there which negatively effected morale in a big way. Research and white papers are presented in cute meetings but don't actually lead to any apps or new systems/process.The current review process is the most ridiculous system I've ever experienced and leads to many people leaving. Everyone is graded on a 'curve' and someone on the team has to get the lowest score (a 5). It's completely retarded, as I never met a single developer/artist who wasn't brilliant and didn't deserve a 1/2 but that's not how it works!
The review system is unfair and dehumanizing. Stack ranking pits an employee against their peers and destroys morale and teamwork.  Too much emphasis placed on your visibility and not actual work.  Managers have 'good attrition' commitments and once you are targeted life can become pretty miserable until you are managed out or leave.  If you are at t level too long, you will be fired. "Up or out". The analogy my skip level manager told me was that anyone that stays at level too long is like arterial plaque on the corporate body.
too much politicis, good people are leaving
The cross colloboration across teams is not worth the name. I mean One microsoft is more on paper and less in reality.
With a company this big sometimes things do move slowly and in the ever changing world that we live in that can be fatal. Sometimes ideas may be shot down because they are different or unexpected.
Just like any other company its size. TOO BIG
products being released simply mimic other companies' hits (except Xbox) the culture doesn't emphasize importance of good management there is absolutely no humanity or compassion left in the company leadership is deluded that the review system is helpful and doesn't encourage competition within teams
Sometimes you might have to work overtime.You might also need to do some extra work for other teams when they need your help. But that's the only thing I can think about so far, and I guess this kind of stuff happened in a lot of companies. So really nothing special I can think of...
Executive leadership tends to make rush decisions resulting in headaches. Not a lot of forethought for promotions, industry events, important milestones. Always playing catch-up. Daily operations (for retail) are tedious. Depending on leadership, the hours are terrible. Primary focus is sales and number, less on people at the store level.
Towards the end, I honestly believe even the janitorial staff had sales goals. It was all "Grow Grow Grow" without regard to whether or not the roles we were in were historically a sales role. In the very end, long time employees were shown the door after being locked into a role they were not allowed to get out of.
Towards the end, I honestly believe even the janitorial staff had sales goals. It was all "Grow Grow Grow" without regard to whether or not the roles we were in were historically a sales role. In the very end, long time employees were shown the door after being locked into a role they were not allowed to get out of.
Review process can hinder motivation
Being a huge company some bad apples somehow find its way though and they coast along despite the horrid stack ranking policy (another con). And dealing with them is tough unless you have a great manager.  Culture wise, I found that a lot of people tend to "drink the kool-aid" as it were. They don't want to try competitor's product and will love everything MS puts out. Which can get irritating when you're trying to point out a valid flaw (or explain why a lot of customers may not like a feature) and explain why it should be fixed.
Typical large company issues such as politics, silo's and incoherency.
Lack of work life balance, lack of career opportunities in the key fields.
Feeling stagnant and no room for advancement on the Retail Side. They would rather from the outside rather than promote from within.
It can get very corporate
I found it impossible to have much on an impact on anything as IC at MS. Also if you have unique skills that not every programmer has, like I do (PhD in theoretical physics) such skills are wasted at a place like MS. If you want to have an impact on things, I found much more success at a small company. It's the whole big fish/small pond thing I suppose.
- Bing has Endemic issues with a toxic work environment and broken processes - Conflict is seen as a desirable way to settle all debate - At least at Bing, morale is seen as unimportant
Unhealthy, self-defeating management philosophy. Those who succeed at Microsoft aren't building great products, great campaigns, great customer or partner outcomes... they're building great annual performance reviews.
Stack ranking in the annual review process is brutal. No matter what, they will pick 20% of employees to give bad ratings for.
slow process, It is perceived as trend follower nowadays in mobile era.
Adversarial environment. "Dog eat dog". You can be let go at a drop of a hat if things go sideways.
None, excellent company top to bottom
Executives unable to work with each other effectively Continual power struggles across divisions leaves employees working hard and going nowhere at times Review system/stack ranking process is ridiculous and destroys innocent employees careers Too many missed opportunities
Constant battle to take customer-first actions
Too much politics. Annual review is graded on a curve.
It's easy to become disconnected from actual users, due to the scale at which the company works.
Management was clueless about most projects
Not many, sometimes work can get boring, depending on which division you work in
need to fight bureaucracy, too much politics,
Grew into a bloated inefficient bureaucracy over the last 3 decades. It's still relevant, else the cool kids wouldn't still talk about the company as being irrelevant all the time. How many years does MS have to be headlined as "irrelevant"? Go play with your drioid..
Could be more process oriented which causes too much fire fighting as of now. remove silos between the working groups to reduce inefficiencies.
Its a very passive aggressive workplace. Not many people will tell you to your face if they have issues with you. They will go to your manager or coworkers though. It makes you feel as if you have to watch yourself at all times as you never know what someone is saying behind your back. Depending on the department you may or may not get much work life balance. Some departments are great but others are horrible. The horrible ones may know it and really don't care. You either work the massive hours or leave.  The review system is horrible. You have a great bunch of smart motivated employees who are all striving to do their best. However the review system forces someone to get a negative review. If you get a negative review you have zero options. You cannot move anywhere in the company, you are not even allowed to interview, and get zero monetary compensation for your work. Employees are so worried about getting a poor review that they compete in a negative way against each other. Other employees are seen as threats to their review scores. Its almost impossible to truly collaborate when you are worried helping your co-workers will negatively impact your performance review.  The managers will tell you 'its only an evaluation for 1 year's worth of work'. However its almost impossible to recover from a negative review. You can try your hardest but the management will say 'we're giving opportunities to others with better reviews'. At the end of the next year you'll be in the same place, not for lack of trying, but for lack of support from management and not getting additional opportunities to succeed. You'll end up leaving or being asked to leave because of supposed 'poor performance'. But the review system forced someone to be at the bottom even if everyone on the team did well. Its a very crazy system.
too much reorg, internal fight
The annual calibration process is politically driven and peers tend to sabotage each other, work/life balance is not valued, and Steve Ballmer sucks.
- Outside opportunities limited to MS technology
Voice not always heard Not much flexibly to ship projects based on your own ideas Lock down in Microsoft stack
Lack of innovation due to dysfunctional management review system. Tablet PC is an example of innovative being undermined by internal politics. Same with XBOX neglecting a Blueray player but the real problem is the over engineering and lack of vision for Office and Windows.
The internal review process. You are calibrated against your peers and someone is always at the bottom and in fear of losing their job. The process is flawed.
There seems to be a culture of disrespect
few growth opportunities, unproductive/unfair reward system, slow-moving
Smart people think they are smarter than they are, brand is splintering and suffering, work satisfaction and challenge depends on manager at the time
High expectations, high competition, constant need to improve your skills.
Dirction needs to be confirmed
Lots of catchup to do when we're supposed to be the leaders Company is getting too large No more company picnics Moral events are few and far between Stock awards are minimal until you reach higher levels
Lack of respect in the industry, Janet Reno & company did more damage to MS than any competitor ever could, abysmal stock price, trade rag punching bag
Work life balance! Most employees are extremely focused and project driven although I think it is the culture that attracts people with this trait more than the fault of the corporation
As with any big organization, your experience varies with the group you're in and the people you work with. If you find a group that doesn't fit you perfectly, try another.
Big chunks of the revenue come from older products, with people that have been successful the old way. Internal IT, build system, communication infrastructure are outdated.
no work-life balance stack ranking makes no sense and pits team members against one another. one bad manager can ruin your career and bad managers run rampagnt
The review model creates pervasive fear and encourages dishonesty and unethical behavior by managers and employees. Extreme turmoil and very low morale due to constant changes in org structure and executive management. The bad company reputation creates shame for employees.
Slow moving. Employees are not at the cutting edge of tech (e.g. social, mobile, context-aware computing, etc.).
the food is a bit over-rated
Tons of office politics. Since the reviews are based on a popularity contest is you are not everyone's best friend you get constantly screwed.
terrible review model outdated products and technology, isolated from other players in the industry low moral among employees
The culture of visibility, staying until the boss leaves, and working longer hours whenever there's more work to be done still exists.  If you're not visible you'll get ranked in the bottom 10% in your group, and get a poor performance review which impacts your chances of getting another job within the company.  The current salary structure punishes people for not changing jobs within the company every 2 years. This is compounded by the previous point.
The silos in the company are amazingly stupid. The company has pockets where general managers can dictate how littler or much the company will work together. The One Microsoft initiative has a LONG way to go. Also the quality of managers at the director level still varies widely. Some sr. directors are in their position because they can operate politically, and not because they're the right fit for the role or company. Longevity sometimes outweighs being good at your job. The rating system (calibration) forces management to value individual contribution over group success, reinforcing the silos and perpetuating the inability to harness the power of the company overall. One bad rating, and you're done. While encouraged to learn from failures, too many times I have seen good employees put on the outside quickly for loyalty to a project or initiative that the wrong person didn't like. There's no room for improvement, therefore no one wants to admit failure.
You'll get screwed sooner or later if you don't fit the above. Middle management very bad.
stack ranking system is negatively impacting the employee morale. Seen too many best people of the company left or push away because of stack ranking
stack ranking system is negatively impacting the employee morale. Seen too many best people of the company left or push away because of stack ranking
Their Mountain View office is just another service org and have nothing to do with Corporate office.
There are times when work-life balance takes a hit..
Senior leadership is still living in the good old time.
The way they set up employee review makes it adversarial and poor team building.
- Stack-ranking. Microsoft's persistent use and defense of this outdated, intelligence-insulting and ineffective performance evaluation tool continues to fragment and drive away people who are most intellectually prepared to rescue the company. It is not the same model that's being used at other corporations, it is being abandoned at a restless clip at least partially because of Microsoft's very public example of how it fails. The many levels at which stack-ranking has eviscerated Microsoft's culture, environment, product line and innovation are staggering. Prospective candidates for Microsoft employment should really investigate as to whether Google, Apple or some other well-funded tech start-up has opportunities for them until stack-ranking is abolished and new leadership resets their company's priorities.  - A "chase-after" mentality, rather than an inventive one. They've fallen behind the rest of the game, and for obvious reasons that doesn't bode well.  - The inferiority complex tends to permeate all sectors of the company. It's the tech world's Charlie Brown.  - The isolationist culture in Redmond takes away any chance of long-range or visionary goals.
Very political. You should worry about perception - as that dictates your career and not your actual work. The stack rank is always around, just in a different name.
Highly political, sales process mainly focus on short term. R&D focus on the long term with new cool technology but a long shot for time to market.
You are part of a big organization. So you will have less impact. But you are a part of products that make a huge impact.
Bell curve in review system Competitive environment Legacy software that needs to be supported Many teams, all with different sub-cultures and may not work very well together
Curve-based review system (stack ranking) causes a lot of politics as people seek protection by kissing up to manager buddies, people withhold the info you need to do your job, people stab you in the back, causes stress and anxiety that interferes with work, distracts employees from pleasing the customer, pushes them to do internal show-off projects.  Poor management decisions resulted in embarassing product failures that have tarnished the company's reputation.  Stock has not moved much for a long time.
- A good or bad manager can make or break your career. - Get used to re-orgs shaking up your ant-farm empire of success. - Time consuming enough to have cookie cutter time for raising a Microsoft family, driving your SUV, taking DSLR pictures of your trip to Paraguay and talking about your kid's shingles on corporate email threads while justifying your alcoholic tendencies. - not often, or in all circumstances but FTEs treat CSGs as "lesser thans" - as loyal as you are to them, you need to pace yourself because you may fly too close to the sun, - Little creativity.
Rewards individualistic heroism instead of team effort. Performance system is designed in that way.
long execution cycle, too many decision makers, too many reorganizations, does not stick to one focus for long, lab to product life cycle is too long
Unfair stack ranking forces managers to make someone fail. Health benefits no longer the best, now high deductibles.
slow move but then again with 100K employees, that's expected.
Highly political, sales process mainly focus on short term. R&D focus on the long term with new cool technology but a long shot for time to market.
lack of creativity and coverage
So risk-averse it hurts. Leaders are old-timers living in the past.
Too many processes. Politics take away most of your time. Too much focus on 'Visibility' and less on getting things done. Too dependent on Data and less on entrepreneurship.
Mid to Principal level Management in Windows org is full of elitist snobs from ivy league schools who promote their "own" based upon school affiliation (rather than results!). Elitism in Windows org makes it a sinkhole for employees who are work-focused and do not have the "right" connections.  Age discrimination in Windows org is pervasive and makes it an impossible game to win for older employees.
Senior management largely appears to have given up achieving a real turn around and are preoccupied with turf wars and infighting. The internal culture has been on a downward slide for several years now, with a review system that encourages managing up, excessive competition rather than collaboration, and "seasonal bursts" of good performance. Compared to the situation a decade ago, Microsoft is also no longer competitive with regard to compensation or benefits.
- Unfortunately, there are some weaker teams as well, with some folks that should have never been hired to this company :) - Non-unified tools and infrastructure across divisions (but that's changing, fortunately!)
Review system is the worst ever. Managers are trained to deliver bad reviews despite what they believe. Marketing teams are so internally focused. They simply don't care about the end-customer, their focus is on satisfying the leadership team. Too many females running the US marketing team, lots and lots of drama Still stuck in the 80s and the fact that MS once ruled the world Always a follower
Annual Review system is terrible.
too many internal fights, curve fitting is horrible
The company has become toxic as far as sales and services goes. When you hear managers saying that "it's not just about the customer anymore" you know you are in trouble. Too many middle managers that have no business managing people. As others have stated, they need more leaders. Unfortunately most of the real leaders there have left.
Lack of leadership, technology vision and unable to take risks. Everything is about performance review which is not related to your real job at all. Just politics. Politics exists in any corporation, but in the current MS, the only thing that helps you to get good reviews is just politics. This generated real good people leaves and B players population growing without limit.
The demands are high and everyone is out to protect/secure their own turf, so you can't really trust anyone.
Sales culture... sell the customer, even if they don't need the product. Unrealistic quota
Culture can be uber competitive and stressful time pressures are the norm on projects.
If you are planning to be an individual contributor (IC) and have no interest in going into management, at some point your career stalls. Very individualistic environment, so it's less about "for the good of the product", more "whatever makes me look good" The review system is on a curve, so you can be great, but if everyone on your team is excellent, then you will not be appropriately compensated as well as someone who is just OK but is shining among a team of average people.
Lot of politics, performance review is based on number of years at career level than contributions made, reaching saturation, no team morale Sometimes you not only have to deliver the project but have to evangelize it within the team to get recognition. You are your own company and you got to live it.
Your success depends how good your manager is. There are not many good selection of managers at times, sometime politics and cultures get in the mix to select someone they should not to be a manager (diversity plays a big role on selection). Bad managers will see you as a number in their spreadsheet, not care on your career, growth or potential.
Sometimes, it can be too slow to make changes
Your average big company red tape
Too many managers and people who want to be one One person does all the work and has probably 2to 3 people managing them If you are lucky you will have a good manager who protects you from PMs and others.
Expected to work too many hours, and salaries are below industry standard for the region, and bonus incentive reviews are a farce.
Lots of processes, too much politics, senior people doesn't let you do what you want
- Smart people tend to be not too social - Can get comfortable - Lots of long-timers make the company feels like the government - Top-down direction (depending on your team)
- Smart people tend to be not too social - Can get comfortable - Lots of long-timers make the company feels like the government - Top-down direction (depending on your team)
It seems the company is losing its consumer market share to its rivals.
Work life balance is horrible, you have to take a very hard stance and while it shouldn't inhibit your job trajectory (and they say it won't) it does due to our calibration process.  Very difficult to change job functions. If you start in marketing very few people move out of marketing, etc.
Pretty competitive environment, sometimes too competitive.
Flexible hours also means work/life balance is a joke--you have the flexibility to decide which 80 hours you want to work each week.  Stack-ranking system is a teamwork and morale killer. This is the most pathetic and antagonistic policy I've seen implemented over the years.  Lack of flexibility and drive at the upper management levels. We had smartphones, touch screens, tablets, and such well before Apple--nobody took them and kept improving on them to deliver something that would wow the world! They just shelved it or kept insisting that it would have to run Windows.
1) Inept management 2) Teams are able to hide behind process and not do work 3) Have to kowtow to corporate HQ in Redmond if you work elsewhere
The performance review model, toxic, competitive culture. HR is the worst I have experienced in 25 years of my career. HR is insecure, not talented nor strategic. They only know how to do HR transactional work. Engineers do not respect HR, rightfully so. They only believe in the recruiting function, in "buying" talent, not building talent. Its very difficult to get hired so employees could be strong but the "lifers" stay forever because there are pet favorites and are not encouraged to bring newcomers along because the performance review model encourages individualism, not team.
Large company, everyone's experience differs. Some groups are toxic, and detrimental to employee motivation and health. Turnover seems to be high in groups with highly skilled engineers who leave for more interesting/profitable opportunities (good engineers are always head hunted). If you can't handle change well, you'll be perpetually stressed out losing people you built work relationships with.
Managers mange thru fear of the review system. Competition is sometimes good to improve professionally, Unfortunately MS takes it to extremes and pits worker versus worker and in doing so can really harm team dynamics. Hard to work when you looking over your shoulder for the guy about to stab you. Work life balance in sales is all hot air.
Management cost is relatively high in term of engineering process.
Forced attrition based on stack ranking
Upward career mobility is limited - if you want to become a manager since there are many senior people ( though compensation advancement is not limited as individual contributors)  Review system sucks - play the politics wrong and you could get screwed.  Can be a bubble - there are still people in positions of influence that are disconnected from real users and lack empathy for how users use software today.  Too many parallel efforts - teams working on the same thing, instead of working together.
Bureaucracy and calcified culture. Hot teams are HOT, not teams are not. Rock stars get the spotlight, but the person that delivers every day, the person that executes without self-promotion is no valued.
Extremely bad culture, many leads think more about promotions and career rather than project itself, many of test lead don't have technical expertize to understand the technology, write annual reviews based on impression instead of technical expertise, some level of dominant immigrant mentally too. vague commitments, vague performance evaluation, bad work life balance, had seen working e-mails from one of my leads at midnight and at 6:30 am, dev leads tend to influence test leads, some leads don't care if employee has relevant technical expertise for the project or not, they just assign it expecting the employee to learn by himself, if he fails it is reflected in the review, and so on ...
Need more innovation culture inside the company
1. Review system may deal you a bad card
Performance evaluation (stack ranking) encourages internal competition. It demoralizes employees, discourages helping each other and is sinking the Company. Company is too slow to move in technologies, such as phone and devices, for example.
The culture is bizarre. That is the best way for me to describe it. It is a super passive-agressive environment where most are set on checking boxes within their own individual commitments that generally don't accrue to broader business agendas. The recent reorg should theoretically help with some of that especially if there is an overhaul in the performance management process as well as an overhaul on where the company should focus (good luck, new CEO).
limited lateral or upward opportunities in CA, much better if u work in Redmond in a deep deep hole in key areas like mobile fish tank mentality in Redmond - the culture is very insular
Office politics, stack ranking review system, you're a tiny piece in a massive machine, seems to always be playing catch-up w/ the technology innovators
work/life balance is horrible! It's pretty much a sweat shop. I had 3 deaths in my family and my manager showed absolutely no compassion. While on bereavement leave, my manager pinged me multiple times about training that needed to be completed.  Too keyed into metrics with no look at the individual. Encourages competition between peers which does not lead to cooperation and assistance within a team or between teams.  Very high pressure to sell, regardless of your position in the company.  Health insurance used to be the best the industry. No longer, Microsoft is pretty much like any other company.  If you work in the field, very few opportunities for career growth unless you are willing to move.
visibility can be challenging sometimes
It's become a big corporation that can no longer turn on a dime. Performance reviews are top of mind for too many, rather than building and shipping fantastic products.
Politics is getting in the way sometimes.
the stack ranking review process is all about politics, commission is not competitive in the market, quotas are ridiculously high
same with any other companies of this size, it's hard to get your voice heard
Beware of the incredibly toxic employee performance system. Work Life balance is seriously out of whack, with many after hour and weekend work required to tread water. Slowly moving away from individual offices to more open concept.
stack rank means a you are in a continuous cage match with your colleagues, it is a zero sum game. Product decisions (or non-decisions) are based more on intramural politics than external market opportunities. Tendency towards analysis paralysis as well.
Depends on the team you land in, you may have difference experiences, but based on the review system, people negatively compete and it may get political and instead of trying to change the world, you end up being a politician, and forget the teamwork. They are many failure teams but because of other good teams, company still stands. So it is very crucial to know the team your joining before you accept the offer. And also make sure you ask for the review system because it will surprises you if you are a team player kind of person who sacrifices whereas the review system which is based on your individual shining and visibility. If you get to one of those teams, you end up more that 50% of your time on review system which takes your productivity and meaning the entire team down because it is the same story for all. There is a rumor they will change this broken review system in the following years, but no proof of that yet.
This applies to the LATAM office only (Fort Lauderdale). Very poor on-boarding process that makes employees feel unwelcomed or undervalued.
Unequal workloads, for some - terrible work life balance. The company infrastructure is still very difficult to make substantial change in.
slow career growth and difficult to switch to new position, even orizontally
You'll work hard for that good pay (and with the modern services direction, you'll be expected to commit availability beyond 8 hours a day - product engineer on-call duty, weekend deployment, etc.). Also, the company's very cultural DNA (from foundation) is hyper-competitive and focused on survival-of-the-fittest no matter the cost - be prepared to make peace with the fact that your peers are not 'workmates' but rather 'competitors' and 'threats' - there's a reason MS is renowned for breeding and/or attracting brutally-competitive personalities who fight civil wars while the empire crumbles.
There are lots of politics. You will need to learn to navigate through it, or to find a way to avoid it altogether. People that get review are not only the brightest, but also the ones that can best communicate their talent/success.
Performance Review model - BAD BAD BAD.
Very political. The culture doesn't allow for someone to get into a job they enjoy for too long before pushing them out.
Politics, infighting. Too many special interests.
too many cooks, not enough managerial talent
Lack of passion. Culture of complacency
Slow to take on new technology.
Look out for 'bait and switch' on job titles, promotion opportunities, etc. Not good keeping agreements, even if in writing.  Leadership looks out for themselves - direct reports are for generating ideas for leaders to take credit (not as a team). Managers block promotions and internal moves for employees they need to do their work and get themselves rewarded.  Individuals working in consumer groups have little to no consumer experience and rely heavily on the very few people with the experience. If you have solid experience and get work done, you will be relied upon others will be expected to do little or no work.  Significant amount of unprofessional behavior, especially by long-term employees is acceptable and often encouraged by management and overlooked by human resources.
No cons at this tme
- Toxic performance evaluation system that gives management incentives to not rate according to performance and merit because there can be only a limited number of 1's and 2's (top performers). The same system also stifles innovation because anything good from another person or group makes you less of a chance to be in the 1's or 2's.
too big, rating system is too much based on getting along with managers and others junior people doesn't get enough credit on what they think.
Weather is sometimes bad (rains/cold)...
As with large corporations, you will have to learn to get past bureaucratics to grow. that helps you learn and grow
* Review process canibalizes way too much, is pretty pointless (rankings are established long before the "formal review") and is destructive to the product groups * Other engineers are not afraid to throw you under the bus to get ahead--things can get very cut throat * A LOT of reinventing the wheel goes on, and teams are too afraid to look to external companies for solutions/tools * Health insurance is no longer the best in the world
The stack ranking system sucks. It incentivizes you to work under managers who manage bad employees so that you look good.
- Company is cooling down technologically - Company is loosing significant amount of talent in mid level and senior bands, while is attracting mostly junior people - Being a very mature company, promotions are seldom - Work-life balance has vanished as the company is focused on Services - Salaries are not adequately indexed with inflation : after 6 years with Microsoft and 3 level up I received a less valuable compensation than a fresh employee out of school with less responsibilities and experience
One of the worst review systems ever implemented at Microsoft is responsible for the wide spread lack of creativity, innovation, courage & conviction which has overtaken the company I the past 3 years.
Review model is horrific, political environment is ridiculous as many managers still like to create the own little "fiefdoms". Many managers do not have management skills and are poor people managers.
The review process Need to train their managers better
People are pitted against one another, the culture is toxic, some people are rewarded waaaaaay too much for being nothing more than political douchebags. Saying we should "work together" is really just lip service. No one takes responsibility and holds themselves accountable, from the top down.
None that I can think of
Too much politics, moronic Test Leads and Managers, too much process, good people are leaving, low hiring standards
- Very political. - Unskilled people all over the place, can be frustrating at times. - Overall people have low morale.
Overly political Marketing group is currently a mess
Fish starts to rot from its head. There are good teams - but most are in a dismal state, due to management (3 levels of hierarchy away from you) not having a clue about what's going on - or not even caring about it due to some twisted short-sighted incentive they have.
Very hard to change teams, excessive internal politics, managers intentionally assign you less challenging work to allow their favorites excel at your expense, anti-intellectual "brogramming" culture, extreme hostility to open source, weird looks for not owning a Windows phone, culture of groupthink where you can't challenge decisions made in meetings, sink-or-swim review system pits you against your immediate coworkers and encourages cut-throat competitive behavior, senior developers use code reviews to gang up on and haze newbies with "moving target" coding style comments, dying company that serially releases market failures, PPO healthcare was cut by Ballmer/Brummel, food is not free and cafeterias do not accept credit cards, coworkers are incompetent developers with big mouths who are good at playing politics
Lots of meetings and lots of talking about things without always a lot of actually doing anything. Job satisfaction varies greatly from group to group.
Petty politics The yank and rank (stack rank, bell curve) review model Incompetent and malicious managers Most of the good people have left or are leaving
Its a bit of a bubble, to say the lease.
culture does not organically build or communicate long term vision
A evaluation system that used the bell curve, that worked against collaboration and destroyed good solid teams, especially smaller teams that were solid but the mandatory "bottom" level of the curve made a excellent employee look bad, whose only crime was being in a smaller group.
Huge amount of internal friction at all levels - people working at cross-purposes Review system can put even solid employees in bad spots and contributes to the above Pay is very good, but no longer the best in the industry The best employees are slowly leaving the company
A lot of rigidity in thought and process
Highly political and lots of people spending most of their time looking good instead of actually getting work done. The infamous rating system really drives the wrong behaviour. Innovation is very slow, which too often puts us on the back foot when trying to compete. Realistic, pragmatic and constructive criticism of our company is not appreciated. We are all just supposed to be positive about everything all the time and not raise any suggestions for improvement. Hard to change processes even if it makes infinite sense.
The review system encourages dog-eat-dog competition, even though the stated culture is teamwork and respect. Your boss and coworkers will throw you under a bus at the first opportunity if they think they can gain the upper hand when it comes to review time.
Review system sucks the life out of employees who might have a bad year.
the curve/stack ranking induce some poor behaviors (some times, not often) people more focus on saying the right thing that doing the right thing as early as when you get to level 64 or above.
Review model is toxic at this company. The stack rank is truly a 'zero sum gain' type of model. (Someone who gains means someone will lose) So there is little incentive, from a review model perspective, to make your fellow peer look good. If they are your peer, they are competing for the exact same scores, salary, bonus, stock as you are. They encourage collaboration, but really it is collaboration with conditions (i.e, I will help you as long as I have more & look better than you do).  Also it encourages you to NOT take on risks for the year, so you are better to play it safe. So what you get left with is a group of very smart people, who are hesitant to take on too much risks, reluctant to make others look good and makes you think through how you are playing your politics.
1. Stack-ranking is a disaster: a pseudo-science at work affecting many 2. Lot of people approach their job similarly to politicians with one goal in mind--higher position, more money, more visibility. It is more important for others to be know who you are, as opposed to, whether you actually accomplished something. 3. Wisdom flows down from above, for example, bet the company on cloud
There are very few cons to working at MSR. I worked as a doctoral intern and I was disappointed that there were not more opportunities to be hired full-time upon finishing my degree.
Top-down management style has led to fear of speaking out, paralyzing the company. Too many people act in the best interest of maintaining their job, when the company needs to go through drastic change to adapt to the changing market.
Can get Political at a senior level. At times, i get's lost in complexity tring to achive too much.
Review system sucks the life out of employees who might have a bad year.
Poor work life balance - to have the best success you have to be willing to put in more than 60 hours a week. Can be very bureaucratic, does not do cross-group collaboration well. Very Siloed. The performance review process encourages showboating and competition rather than team work. There is a culture that focuses on innovation and moving quickly that often leads to an oversight of the details (which leads to a lack of proper documentation, poor processes, and surprisingly poor internal systems).
Most of executive finance management is mediocre at best, very self-protective. Can't tell upper management the truth. Way too much dilution from inexperienced hires in management ranks. There is not a real performance management system. Not a lot of capability. Too many experienced people leave or are pushed out. Published values are not reality on the inside.
The internal culture is corrosive. This may change with a new leader, but there is a long history on business divisions working as islands and not collaborating well.
Bureaucracy Slow to innovate Performance model creates barriers
Review system based on a curve
a few unnecessary repeated functionality inhouse tools used
lack of direction, too many layers
You have to work with people
Some managers should not be people managers, performance rating system could be challenging if you get one of these managers, difficult to move around
Review system doesn't incent desired behaviors
business driven than technical driven
Sometimes hard to achieve work-life balance Review system is not ideal
Overwork in areas not scoped out or not well defined - or start up areas Hard to move up in some teams due to stack ranking by top down ( and if run out of promo or money, you don't get much if anything)
Time to market and innovation.
At times the company gets internally focused versus having an orientation to the market and the customers.
Increasingly bureaucratic and also because of the review system (but also because of sheer size) quite political. Because of politics too many turf wars and restructurings.
Rating system needs to be overhauled
Sometimes the message about products and direction not clear
If you have a poor team, or a poor manager, things can be rough. Slow promotions, mediocre reviews, favoritism, the grind. all of the worst things of software development.
Too much politics to deal with.
-Too much political crap -The company has been failing for the last few years due to poor decisions, execution, and agility
Microsoft is constantly putting its employees through re-orgs. This causes a lot of unnecessary turmoil and churn. There is an overall lack of vision by Microsoft's leadership and consequently they are trying to get into every technology area. This has caused Microsoft to be less successful than other companies.
Work life balance goes for a ride during release time
Performance feedback system is not fair. Lot of avg performers get promoted based on their affiliation with senior mgmt. It can take long time to realize a change in industry trends and shift gears in that direction.
Can be very political Analysis paralysis - decision making is sometimes slow and risk adverse Review system is archaic and can lead to counterproductive behavior Genuine cross-teamwork is hard to find Overall, it feels very much like a large and slow corporation, although there are pockets of agility and nimble product development, go to market and sales approaches
Company seems to have lost its way. Review process is unpredictable and too many bad decisions are being made by upper management.
Horrible review system. Demoralizing to the workforce. Compete and backstab your own coworkers. Everything is great until you get a manager who you are not buddies with.
You are stack ranked against your peers, and even doing your job is not enough these days. I was recently let go for "performance" when I had met all of my goals. I grew my accounts by over 30% this last year, and had great customer feedback. However, according to mgmt., I was still below my peers, and received a terrible review without a lot of concrete data to back it up. They are hiring a lot of people straight out of college, and replacing people like me who had over 15 years with the company. Outperforming your peers may also not be enough, you must have good relationships with mgmt. to excel.
Not as agile as it used to be. More reactive to what competitors are doing than being innovative.
Sometimes the workload is overwhelming
Organizational chaos/all too frequent reorgs, annual review system reduces collaboration, encourages visibility and politics over actual performance, Lack of strategic vision at the top
Lots of bad apples reside within this company Bureaucracy to the max
The review system is always tough, it's almost the case that you'll have to give your 110% to get a good to great review. It's definitely one of the most competitive companies I've ever seen, though it's also rich in development/support. Managers are trained and rewarded to treat employees well.
Company has gone downhill since I first started working there. The biggest problem is the performance review system. They've revamped it several times, but they still use a stack-ranking system and award scores based on a curve. This is horribly demoralizing! To make matters worse, your manager can award you a certain score, but managers above him or her can lower your score in order to get their org to fit the curve. So if your manager gives you a 2, for example, a higher-up manager can lower it to a 3 because the org already has too many 2's. How screwed up is that?! I finally left when this happened to me. I worked my butt off, got a great review, but then the GM bumped my score down because I wasn't "visible" enough. The guy didn't even know me! God forbid he actually listen to my manager (who knows my work) and read my review! How are we supposed to stay motivated knowing that at review time some random manager can change our score at will? Over the years I found that employees in general are more concerned with trying to make themselves visible to management so they'll get a good review, than they are with trying to put out a good product for our customers. The focus is all me, me, me, when the focus should instead be on our customers.  I worked as both an individual contributor and as a manager during my time here. I found that Microsoft doesn't value good people-management skills. They want their managers to be PMs. They want managers who will keep projects on track and lead a multitude of special projects. The actual people-management part of it takes a backseat. I loved being a manager outside of Microsoft, but being a manager inside of Microsoft is a thankless job. You don't get paid any more for managing, and it's twice the stress. That's why so many managers decide to go back to being an individual contributor.  The other big problem is that people switch teams all the time. Teams are constantly losing their knowledge base. It's really bad when PMs leave, and then new PMs come onboard and have to ramp up, or they decide they want to redesign how something is done in the middle of a project. Oh, and re-orgs happen ALL the time! That screws up everything, including project schedules. No one knows who's responsible for what, and all the worker bees twiddle their thumbs waiting for management to figure out what the heck is going on.
Old fashioned, slow to react to market forces.
Constant shifting focus Compensation not competitive.
1) Political -- getting things done can involve getting buy in from many stakeholders 2) Shipping excellent software is valued in words, but not in actions. Deadlines are set before designs are finalized and costing is in, causing non-critical work to be regularly cut.
Going to restructuring which is causing some confusion
As it transitions to a Hardware and Services company, the growing fear is that it may alienate its enterprise business while being too far behind in the consumer (mobile) space.
Line-level managers are often inexperienced, low quality, and too focused on their own ambitions to grow their team (who they often compete directly with for review scores). The review system is deeply flawed, which is fine as long as you are a top performer in your level band. The longer you stay at the company, the harder it is to stay ahead of this curve - beware. The review system fosters politics which hurt the company, employees, and ultimately, the products.
Years of favoritism, poor management and failing to recognize good employees from sycophants left the company a shell of its former self.
Lots of management overhead, middle management is pretty bad but senior and lower management is not as bad
Growth may be slower compared to competition as the company is more mature.
Politics between divisions and groups is just like any other big companies
Public perception of company, competitive performance review process, slow to change in response to market
lots of politics that you have to engage in to really get ahead review system can be demoralizing -- due to politics no matter how great the product, its cool to bash Microsoft. Don't expect the internet world to drool over your work, even if its great
Internal politics and bureaucracy can be somewhat stifling, although there are pockets of entrepreneurial activity that attract the best and brightest.
Stack ranking with a forced distribution is demotivating and old school. Now that Ballmer is leaving maybe someone will finally figure out how this entire process needs to go. It's very political and who lands the high scores has to do with who gets the most face time with the decision makers. I had 4 managers this year and that alone puts you at a disadvantage b/c they don't know what you did so they can't advocate for you. They just give you an average score and say "you need to have impact across Microsoft" to get a better score next year. It's a standard line every managers uses. The HR reorg is a disaster. They've stepped back 10 yrs - not forward.
Work/life balance can be incredibly difficult to achieve, depending on the team.
Sharing critical thought to leadership risks low performance rating and termination.
stack ranking it's a huge company and personal growth can be slow, but it does happen
Company is very Huge. Lots of groups, and slow product cycles
As a contractor, it can be tough. Trying to get the proverbial 'foot in the door' to make it full time is the goal of most, and they know it. So, they can play that up to get you to work a little harder to go full time.
The company feels stagnant, the days of stock making millionaires is long gone. Not entrepreneurial at all, you are a number.
Big company, lots of human resources non-sense, stack ranking, forced curves, slow moving company at times.
Changes org a lot. Changes org a lot.
Overly competitive, and too stressful at times
Overall pay package is not incentive
Not always on the cutting edge. Not as visionary as competitors. Stock performance
Sometimes it feels like there's a huge distance between the engineers on the ground versus those that make the big decisions that affect the whole company.
The performance review process. It works for a few but it's "stacked" against most people. The health benefits are now par compared to other employers.
Work culture promotes being risk averse - especially mid and senior management People compete internally and pin blame on others rather than take accountabliy Performance review system is totally broken - you are forced to give 30% of your people a bad rating Benefits plans (espeically health) are being reduced and by 2015 they will not be great
It is too big to move agile. Sometimes it needs catch up the cut edge trend like search, cloud.
Bad employee review and HR practices.
Can be a very political environment which results in competitiveness to one-up each other and people then lose focus on results, but rather focus the process of how to achieve the results. Too many levels in organization so it's hard to make an impact.
Some teams/projects are mismanaged, and there's significant waste of resources in some departments.
Not much cons. Typical problems that come with really big organization. Sometimes competition can get really stiff.
Slow pace depending on team Politics Older generation employees
It is unfortunate that over the last five years what was once one of the greatest companies to work at on earth has become a place of politics and nonsense. When you work at MSFT, someone on every team needs to become the village idiot every year, eventually it will be you. So my advice if your moving up to Redmond, don't buy, rent. You could have a good 4 or 5 years and go from the rock star performer to the village idiot and you will never see it coming.
Bad middle management, too big to make fast decisions. People lie together to make excuses for bad results. Good people are leaving for competitors in groups.
Too many meetings that do not make much sense. The performance reviewing system is disgusting. There is too much politics in teams.
Headcount is not growing nearly as fast as it once did. As a result promotions are much harder to come by.
Leadership team requests that staff acts like nothings wrong when corporate reps come in for store visits.  Lots of favoritism.  High turnover.
Because of the size of the products it can be difficult to be flexible regarding development methodologies and technologies, specially when the product has been released for many years
The review model Lack of direction and vision from the very top Outlook more unclear than ever
If you're interested in politics, this is a great place to be. If you choose to join Microsoft you better be ready to spend significantly more time on self promotion and making friends than getting the job done. As they say it's not so much about "what" you do but more about "how" you do it. Extremely bureaucratic and process oriented organization. Internally focused with very little listening to the market and the customers. Bad performance system.
Shark tank. Contractors and blue-badgers, fighting for the scraps mentality as Microsoft slowly sinks. All the really Talented People already left. Ranking Review's leaves everybody always at each others throats. Looking for ways to degrade you. It's a bad environment for Innovation. The really nice people end up leaving due to the aggressive, competitive nature of the environment. Intellectual bullies. Lots of bureaucracy to deal with. Stratification. Contractors are treated as in the same category as Janitors, for the most part. Windows Team people are the worst to work in. The mentality wreaks of obsolescence and nazi camp work ethic. One of the Indian Program Managers raped a janitor in building #27. ( Windows Group ) Buildings 25, 27, and 28 are toxic, and so are most the people. Windows Group harbors obsolete mentalities that need to be flushed out before they destroy Microsoft from the inside. In building #26 the Automation Group consists mostly of Senior Citizen like people, old, grey-haired, fat, unhealthy, resource hogs, that are on the edge of retirement. All the good people have left, or purposely forfeited their jobs in lieu of better offers.
Horrible stack rank / review process.
Re-orgs non stop Commitment to non core businesses Although you job may change or you manager or coworkers may change, there is still opportunities to learn a lot.
Good managers are hard to come by. Bad managers never seem to leave because it's nearly impossible to fire anyone. If you're not an engineer (i.e. Finance or operations) you are going to find it hard to get anything above an average rating, promotions are tough to come by and often given based on tenure and nepotism rather than quality of work performed.
Two words: Stack ranking.  I've watched people who were staggeringly good at some roles and/or technologies demonstrate it.  Too bad for them that, while in the COMPANY'S best interests, it wasn't in their job description. This issue also sets people up to fail if you're dependent on another team or person to get your deliverables done. They don't meet their commitments or deadlines... you don't meet yours.  Guess who gets penalized?  You CAN do their job to get yourself unblocked but that's strongly discouraged.  A meeting to talk about having a meeting to get unblocked *IS* strongly encouraged.
The way we manage our employees are counter to the behavior we expects of them. Our Executives implements a culture of continuously weeding out 5% of our resources every year even though they are the best in class and we are unable to hire engineers of the same quality. As a senior manager in the company unfortunately you do not get promoted based on your results, its about the politics you play.
May appear slow paced given the 100K plus employee size.
Stack ranking system is tough on some folks. If you aren't interested in build teams and competing in the market place, then this isn't for you.
The culture is the pits! While I get good review scores the stack rankings make little sense. High performing work horses are "rewarded" with more work, while lack luster performers who suck up to management can get the same review scores and compensations and deliver nothing. The rating system is entirely driven by the buddy system, with no regard to merit, results, or how a person interacts with peers or customers.  They a a handful of great executives like the former CMO, but even he was bumped from the CMO position by the former Windows Marketing & Finance VP (now CMO) in the July 2013 re-org. The former CMO had a large part of his group taken away. With the hideous Windows 8 marketing, and disastrous sales even with an enormous marketing budget, this is an excellent example of results not being a factor in who gets ahead.  Microsoft is also very afraid of any employee discrimination litigation. There are several non-performing employees that have been around for years because Microsoft is afraid of a lawsuit if they are let go. If you threaten a lawsuit and get a lawyer involved you can hang around collecting a paycheck for years without doing anything.
Nothing very bad about Microsoft, if your team is not best suited for you, you will get enough chances to switch and move away.
The review process is disfunctional Too many disincentives towards teamwork
Toxic Culture - Stank ranking review method pits one individual contributor against the other, and the environment becomes quite competitive and even cut throat. The focus moves from what is best for the team/customer, to indivuals only interested in doing what is best for themselves and their own career advancement.  Poor Management Poor Management Poor Management!!!
Stifled innovation and slow growth
You can be a star outside of Microsoft your whole life and once you cross the threshold, you're suddenly considered average--it can be a bit daunting if you don't seize the opportunities to shine. Politics can sometimes hinder growth and innovation by pushing those that don't want to "play the game" into other teams or to other companies.
Little lost with focus and vision at the moment
Lots of lousy managers, very political, has gotten very political even down to lead level, lots of deadwood, bulk of OSD is unable to transition to service paradigm, latest reorg shows CEO if out of touch, stacked it so that the next CEO's job a lot more difficult.
You end up working only with MS technologies and stock is struck at current price for a decade.
No shuttle bus to where i live.
Not incentivized to collaborate. The review system makes people focused on delivering their own "features" are. Execution lacking Managers lack leadership. Loosing brand.
MS IT is also know for having too many meetings. There are meetings to plan meetings It could be bureaucratic and political. It's interesting how non-technical people are loud and can influence engineering
Performance ranking and calibration measures drive behavior and measurement that isn't consistent with an individual's overall ability to contribute. It is 12 month bound and doesn't reflect the value of a particular employee who may have had a bad year for internal or external reasons.
Not any honestly. I spent 5 years in this location. Had some great colleagues to work with and some nice training oppertunities.
many bad managers, political, difficult to get ahead if you value work life balance
Canabalistic culture - dog eat dog Performance reviews - pointless and demoralizing Management fears change - doesn't want to hear about new technology or interesting innovation in the marketplace marketplace
Suffers from being so large and bureaucratic. The goal setting and leveling process can incentivize a lot of counter-productive work and internal conflict. It's hard to judge the value actually being contributed by an employee, so there's a lot of posturing. Missed the boat, at least for now, on mobile and ad tech.
The stack rank system during review. A whole year's worth of work can go to waste if the folks in your team are ranked higher in the stack ranking system in a closed room with your manager, manager's manager etc. You won't be there in that room. And you get to know why you got a low rating only after you get it. Just because you did the work doesn't mean much. You have to do more work than the other peers in the same level. If your peers are in the office 24 hours a day delivering more stuff you got no choice. The whole thing about work-life balance is hogwash.
The review system with the curve however this will be changing The long process to terminate low performing employees Ridiculous processes / teams you have to jump through to get everyone to sign off before doing anything New cost of benefits / pay compared to other companies
Since Microsoft is a large company with large user base, there are very few product teams in the company that would provide start up experience (if that's what someone is looking for). Having said that, there are always few teams at Microsoft that are working on new projects, so there is opportunity to find start up experience type projects.
Compensation is not as high as other top IT companies.
Company culture is going bad. Must revive in order to succeed in the future.
Strategy and change in top management is becoming more frequent. Can be a fire hose at times (what place isn't these days), often too much bureaucracy towards making decisions, the review system can unfairly hose really talented people.
The performance review system is broken. Arbitrary stack ranking of 1-5 across disparate teams creates unhealthy competition between people who are supposed to collaborate. The second you hire a team, you immediately have to turn around and start managing the "bottom 20%" out depending on where they land on the arbitrary forced curve. As a senior manager, I've seen many talented people's careers be damaged by this process. Many people are leaving in droves. Stock is going nowhere, no longer an incentive.
if you run into bad manager, you are done. if your manager is like mine who focuses only on his own performance to his manager and ignores the voice of a report, you are done. you can get a bad review (from above average to below average) with absolutely NO notice.
I left when there was a freeze on allowing people to move to other departments/groups and so I was stuck under an incompetent manager. The other managers I had there were great.
Senior management could be outdated Young folks could be discouraged Overhead
Everyone would always like to make more money
Review system with the 1-5 leaves no wiggle room for individual situations and encourages no group collaboration. Hierarchical structure also creates too much unnecessary middle management. Processes slow down development.
The stack-ranking review system greatly penalizes strong teams, and does not reward collaboration.
Conflicts between two different internal teams.
Organizational Politics and Weird HR policies. Only makes HR happy and create serious road blocks to actual doer work force.
No downsides experienced yet... might be harder in the winter.
There may be teams, where it may be difficult for you to go up the chain given limited businesss opportunity
- not fast enough. lots of processes just to change something - politics in some teams - performance review system not always fair and transparent - too many layers of middle management (makes it hard to make decisions and sign off) - missing energy and passion. too many people who have been there forever just for the paycheck but provide minimal value
Quotas are out of line with reality and calibration is brutal and not fair at all.
Commute is far if you live in Seattle and have to deal with traffic. Reorganizations seem to happen almost yearly and may result in moving to different buildings but this depends on the department you work in. Security requirements can take a while to go through so be patient with the process.
Career opportunities, it's big company with a lot of smart people, if you don't get 1 or 2 in stack rank, you will probably feel "stuck".
Big company mindset. Easy to get by doing little.
I did not like the pace of work at Microsoft. It was very slow and it seemed like there were always more people than required to do a job. It can easily do away with half of the management and become more lean and perform much better.
Bad review system causes good employees to leave.
Incredibly competitive, so collaboration hasn't been deeply valued. Easy to get so involved you lose your sense of work life balance. And sometimes, you can get lost in all of the groups/technologies/boundaries.
Curve fitting during the review process
Executive leadership trying to create a "sales culture", using a Walmart model. A byproduct of this approach is a consistent culling of technology-focused individual contributors, in favor of bringing pure sales people in from other companies.  Employee Review system is broken, outdated, and assumes that every team has someone that should be fired. Microsoft is trying to become a "Devices & Services" company, recognizing that devices are very personal. Unfortunately, the devices are designed to push the Windows/Office platform, which is not necessarily what consumers and businesses want anymore. Sometimes "good enough" is good enough.  Management always talks about how much opportunity there is at Microsoft, but they neglect to mention that you must live in Redmond to get it (some exceptions, but for the most part, this is still true.)  Benefits used to be amazing, but with recent changes, employees are forced to become their own adjusters, negotiating directly with care-providers and cross-checking EOB forms for completion/accuracy.
Management is all about saving their own jobs. Recreating the dirction the company is heading every 6 months prevents any progress from being made. A true, long term (5 year) plan is needed.
Longer release cycle means usually are slower to market
- Management has, because of the compensation system (= stack ranking) instilled a fear of risks. People don't want to take risks, managers and PMs go over and over decisions for ages rather than use a fail-fast-recover approach. That leads to MS being always one innovation cycle behind everyone.
Stack ranking has killed morale and teamwork. This has also hurt the focus on the customer and turned everyone internally to focus on office politics and your internal review. Medical benefits have been cut and that used to be a great draw. Always in the 'walled garden' or defend mode against the rest of the tech world.
More focus on continued revenue streams, and less on innovative products
Chaos, chaos, chaos. If you see the word "ambiguous" in a job description, run far away. Re-orgs every year cause more chaos. MS sells too many products and wants to be the best at all of them. They are trying to boil the ocean.
Too much focus on level, when those at higher levels actually do little to nothing. A series of 'cliques', where friends of friends do well. Too many people dictating and judging work, and not enough people to actually do it.. Political suicide if you give constructive criticism to the wrong person or group.. One quarter, you're put in a position to be a rock star, the next quarter, the same behavior will lead to criticism and negative review. The inconsistency makes success difficult. No Leadership. Over the years has significantly changed to 'Management' heavy while true Leaders have moved on to bigger and better opportunities. Top down approach. Do what your told, don't do what's right. Work Life Balance promoted, yet non existent. Get things out to market fast, but who cares if the customer suffers for it. Dismissive or in denial on actually caring about customers. Platitude heavy.
Fast-paced, complicated releases, short cycles, many touch points to get things done, lots of effort to get the info you need, long hours outside crunch-time, movement towards shared workspaces
- It's not clear where some decisions are being made, especially large fundamental shifts in direction that can undo all the work that you've done. - No innovation in many business units
Design is largely driven by PM, so if you're not a PM this can be frustrating (this varies greatly depending on team and individuals though, some are wonderful). Depending on team dynamics the review process can be based heavily on politics and popularity rather than quality of work or business impact. Extremely difficult to get high quality designs pushed through into shipping code due to unusually constrained resources for such a RICH company.
Getting way too beauracratic, takes too long to get decisions made, programs launch before they are ready and customer/partner sat goes down as a result
Politics and management.  I can't emphasize enough that these are CONS! The good managers that I have had have been OUTSTANDING - but they are rare. The constant re-orgs ensure that you won't hold on to any manager for long. In some cases these "bad managers" are really just terrible at what they do - more often it is a politics problem.  The politics are horrifying. There is a vicious game of he said/she said, fear based top down executive management style, and constantly being tasked with the impossible. (In Microsoft speak - Program Manager means not a SDE or SDET)
You need to ask around to find out which department/group to work in. Some are more productive than others. If you get a bad one, you can get lost in a political mess.
At times Microsoft gets in it's own way to innovate and quickly react to changing conditions. It can be hard to manage work-life balance and be successful.
You'll need it if you really want to get something done.
no desire to advance within company, always compared to Apple
agility has been said to be a downfall of MSFT but at the end of the day they're still standing
Despite my approval of the general concept of differentiation, I do find the 1-5 stack rank process to be a little stark, and hard for people to appreciate. The real problem is that if you get a lower rating, you get a lower bonus and stock award. The way to resolve that problem is to reward the high performers less and the low performers more. On the surface 99% of employees are simply unwilling to do that, because they believe they are a 1 or 2, and everybody else are the 4's and 5's.  This is a large company, and your success is largely dependent on relationships and your ability to connect with your peers. This is counter-intuitive to many. The best technology doesn't always win, but the most compelling argument does. Building those takes trust, consistent results and a good network. I suspect some times we're leaving great ideas on the cutting room floor for sake of relationships across the company. While it is great to have a collaborative culture, the degree to which feedback loops become galvanized and impenetrable is far too great. We need more disruption from the ground. There is a tremendous amount of talent within this company.
They have many smart people working there and could be a little competitive at times due to how the reveiw process works.
Politics, backstabbing, the performance evaluation process is horrific. Expected overtime with no compensation. Transfer between teams is too difficult and too laden with politics. Too many meetings. Way too many meetings.
sometimes slow because of its size. Sometimes has a higher tolerance for mediocrity than what is acceptable for a reputable brand. Sometimes the company pays for internal politicking
Performance review system punishes great employees & great managers Lots of folks means you usually specialize - less job variety Lack of performance-supported teamwork means less collaboration and more politics
The company is a bit too matured and it is not very easy to get something new into the product from grass root level. There are duplication of projects at big levels due to the scale of the company.
Corporate environment, management quality, innovation, vision, not customer centric
Microsoft gives software developers a lot of personal freedom over both the work and the work environment. I order my own supplies, customize my office as I see fit, schedule my own trips and meetings, and select my own training courses. I choose when I show up for work and when I leave, and what to wear while I'm there. I can eat on campus or off, reheat something from home in the kitchen or scavenge leftovers from meetings. I can even work remotely from home (within reason).
Keeps you very busy not a lot of down time
Microsoft Consulting Services has minimal focus on employee career growth despite continuous claims of being people-focused. Constant manager turnover and too many employees per direct-line supervisor contribute to these issues.
Some of the interviewers ask questions those are irrelevant to job
too much political overhead review system hurting company - everyone competing against each other internally risk taking, speaking up discouraged (frowned upon) some business groups better than others - need to filter for good/ strong OHI ones
Extremely fast-paced - not for everyone Everyone around you is as smart as you are, or smarter - this can be intimidating at times
Too much of work and no work life balance
work life balance could be better
Many jobs are about maintaining and improving mature products, thus less innovative. Innovative projects tend to be concentrated in certain fields. Overall, the company is currently less innovative than some of its competitors.
Too big now, slow growth, so getting too political with turf battles. Too many people with too many years of experience so top heavy, and that adds to political/ turf battles. Does not seem to reward innovative ideas that much. No good system in place for encouraging innovation. So people with good ideas and ambition either do not join now or leave quickly. Sometime around 2002, hiring standards were lowered, and in my opinion, that affected the culture and quality irreversibly. Working along side only the best was a big draw and inspiration for many of us up until then. Big lesson for every corporate.
It kills your potential. To succeed in Microsoft the primary skill you need is perception management. That means you need to be a great politician. If you are busy working and doing the right thing for the company without playing the game, be sure some else will take the credit for your work. Actually doing the right thing for the company is a bad thing for you. Your focus should be only in growing your manager’s kingdom that may include sabotaging their competition and doing what is wrong for the company. The company is setup to hire young people and get rid of the old. So you have a medical plan that you probably won’t use much anyway. Since 2013, the medical plan is not that great anymore. In the end, keep your eye on the ball which is to maximize the benefits you can get out of Microsoft. If you spend your time in doing the right thing, do not expect the same in return. Do it knowing you will not get the same in return.
The review model pits individuals against each other at times. Team work is valued but not a practiced commodity.
Because the retail side of Microsoft is still fairly new, it can get frustrating with new implements and non consistencies.
Not as competitive salary, not always clear roles and responsibilities, constant change
They are working to change this now, but nobody works together at Microsoft. Individuals are out for themselves and different divisions will sabotage another divisions work if it helps them.
I can write many things here:  - Highly political company that rewards people that can play the game   * Send bunch of email --> This shows you are working according to managers   * Suck up to your manager --> This is how people are getting promoted   * Do less of what is assigned to you and more of useless tools to have "impact" cross teams  - Stack ranking system with forced curve   * Even if you have a team full of rock star engineers 1 or 2 will be getting a rating of 4, 5.   * This system forces competition among peers rather than collaboration   * Even if you work very hard to improve the feature/quality you are not rewarded because it's "expected". While someone else can work 9-5 and do a silly script to automate stuff is valued  - Far too many Program managers   * These people don't contribute less than quarter of what engineers(SDE/SDET) do   * Great talented people that are forced into this role to do data entry  Overall: Microsoft looks very good from outside, however it's a contrast when you are inside.
Corporate MS did not have a strategic plan when they acquired this startup.
Very top heavy - decisions are made at high levels with the goal of "long term customer satisfaction" often resulting in losing market share. It has become increasingly difficult to have a sustained growth just by doing great quality work.
The stack rank review system.
Too much politics, not enough focus on external world.
Heaving politics in some team. Intensive and unhealthy competition between peers. Bad work life balance in some teams..
In many orgs, team dynamics are just bad. Too much bloat in process and personnel. The culture is highly dependent on email - even within teams sitting together in the same building. Many teams struggle to implement lean/agile effectively. About 2/3 of Program Managers seem to be clueless, and do not have any real accountability.  The middle management culture is risk-averse and has a vested interest in maintaining the status quo. The worst part is many of those middle managers float around the company, transferring from group to group without passion or fresh ideas. Because of that churn, in most orgs, there will be morale-killing and sometimes pointless re-orgs a couple times each year. Depending on your manager, you may periodically have some anxiety about Microsoft's notoriously Darwinian performance review system.
Many groups are very political and you spend more time managing the politics than getting work done Not a lot of internal cohesion between groups
Difficult to move up, entrenched culture. Some ego:talent ratios are out of whack. Occassionally you get saddled working for a terrible manager (a product of promoting someone good at a certain discipline, but not good at management). Also, there is something of a feudal atmosphere - resulting politics can be very nasty.
* Bad annual performance rating system, plagued with wide spread cronyism to the absurd extent. * Little to no higher level management direction. Lots of turf fighting. * Subpar culture -> subpar products * Shallow technical depth in certain hardware divisions. * Copied all the confidentiality stuff from Apple, but just failed to learn anything from Apple on how to build a great product.
Label on employees sticks for a long time.
Office politics, annual review model hurts team work, lots of bad managers.
1. You'll spend most of your time looking over your shoulder to see who's launching arrows in your back. 2. You'll go through at least 2 managers per fiscal year. 3. If you're not part of the "local Microsoft mafia" then you have no chance of getting a decent rating in the "STANK RANKING PROCESS" 4. Your personal life will go to hell. No work life balance whatsoever. 5. Your health will decline and you'll most likely need to take a "leave of absence"
The review process has become worse than dehumanizing. Excessive workload. Mid to upper managers who really don't have an understanding of how to manage. Senior management arrogance.
Too many politics from some level.
Aged and stale review process takes up a huge fraction of the focus and the brilliant people are forced to look at annual gains rather than collaborative long terms.
Can be very political. It's a big company environment so if you like small, make it happen type environment I would not recommend this company.
review process is brutal, people may be rewarded for re-invention, not always leading edge. Some pockets of collaboration but not as predominate as could be. Flex work is not always supported and some managers may want you physically in the office every day.
Cons - The environment is some what toxic with most people only looking out for themselves.
Longer hours due to partnerships with teams in different countries
MS is more like a bunch of companies under a single brand rather than a single company, so opinions vary with whom you ask. Your group and manager will ultimately determine how happy/successful you are.
- Terrible review system based on rank and yank. Kills morale completely and leaves no incentive to work as a team. In fact we spend better parts of the year trying to sabotage and upstage other team members.  - incompetent management. In the decade I have been here the ranks of group managers, directors and senior directors have grown exponentially slowing any project to a crawl. These "senior leaders" are so clueless that you wonder how they even got into this role.  - Non-existent work life balance. There is crushing and unrealistic pressure to deliver from upper management which itself appears immune to any accountability. 60-70 hour weeks are a given...and that's just to stay afloat.  - Redmond centric culture. There are almost zero opportunities for people outside of Redmond and if you are in the field and reporting to a manager in Redmond...start counting your days before you are ranked and yanked.  - Too much focus on PowerPoints, excel spreadsheets and meeting numbers. Cost cutting is an epidemic...if you are Level 63 or above...you are at risk. The goal set by KT is to eliminate these "higher paying" positions and backfill with fresh, college hires which are cheaper.
Management is a mess.. Politics and "review positioning" are the primary drivers. Actual production is secondary
Poor collaboration, stack ranking method to evaluate performance, product limitations compared to competitors, lack of vision to bet on the next "big thing".
Microsoft is a huge company and has a lot of processes and muck that can slow things down. Speed and time to market can be slow.
Politics, No OSS, if in wrong team, only way out is to quit to save the career
It is very easy to get sucked into "Microsoft is the best and only solution", while there are many solutions that other companies have that are really really good. Microsoft is a very big organization and the entire org does not turn on a dime anymore. However, things to change quickly when leadership pushes the company in one direction or another. In 4 years I had 8 different offices in 5 different buildings. The review system pits you against your peers in a way that creates unhealthy competition at times.
Lot of red tape to make any changes
At times bit slow moving
Lack of agility in product development process
Demanding, work/life balance could be better
political, instead of searching for win-win, it can be more focused on conquering/dominating another team
slow growth big company politics
Poor work life balance, Poor review model that drive un healthy competition within the team
Review system makes the culture totally F**cked up
the problem is from senior management, and obviously the CEO. Both of them should be replaced so that new directiion can be found for the company.
Not for those who don't like change all the time. Very fast paced and as with most large companies, it can feel soul-less at times. If you have difficulty setting work-life boundaries, watch out as this place will keep you busy 24/7 so boundaries are required to survive!
Company has lost it's way - no longer innovative.
At the US subsidiary it is extremely political. If you don’t belong in the circle of trust there’s no future ahead.
The review system doesn't make sense, it promotes unhealthy competition between team members, promotes individual achievements over team achievements, discourages employees to work in competitive teams.
Not collaborative. Terrible review process.
Too big so you can get lost if you are not paying attention to your career. Public doesn't think highly of the brand, which is frustrating at times.
There are no women here, none. The women that are here typically have master's degrees and a decade or more of experience before setting foot in the door. THe men were typically hired out of high school, sat in the queues for that long and either now manage your team or get high bonuses for being one of the guys. I would never have a woman work here, it's ridiculous how much time you have to spend acting like a guy to even be considered for anything. The other major issue is that most of these folks haven't worked anywhere else, so they're always coming up with 'ideas' to sell to our clients that the clients will never buy and won't make a real impact because we haven't worked in the real world. There's also a lot of shuffling around of your management and entire divisions even though what you do doesn't EVER change...so maybe it would be best to juts get rid of the management which doesn't do much more than approve expense reports and stack rank.
not innovative, not meritocracy. no career advancement
Constant reorgs, bad review system that encourages negative competition within teams and sends a message to the majority of employees that you are just average...over and over again.
Terrible on boarding process for new hires. If you have a lousy bosses will put you at a huge disadvantage when it comes to calibration and forced ranking for year end reviews. If you are in finance best to avoid. Skills and experience none transferable. Calibration process had finance being ranked against levels in sales, development and IT. That is a situation that a finance person will lose. Most toe company line so do not be a disruptor or bring in new ideas from the outside that might hurt the Redmond bubble. Need to be good at politics.
Arrogant management that didn't listen to experience. Willfully ignored the advice of experts at their own peril. Lots of fire drills as a result.
The review system is hugely unfair
Poor overall company leadership and direction. Too many organizational changes and failures.
Disillusionment amongst lot of people because of company stagnation Company stagnation ==> everyone trying to protect their turf ==> too much politics Very limited opportunities to grow career in scope of responsibilities
Can require a lot of patience when getting things done.
Many "dinosaur" business groups *cough* Windows *cough* want to keep working the way they did when processors had only 1 core and sub-100mhz clock speeds. Times have changed and there are still a few BGs that hold on to the old way of doing things and won't push forward.
Time for senior leadership changes. Organizational politics are critically inhibiting market potential of the company.
The review system discourages high levels of collaboration (think shared space and pair programming) because it's a competitive fixed curve model based largely on breadth of ownership. Management varies in quality across teams and often great engineers are promoted to become poor managers. The strict model of the review system seems to reflect a lack of trust in the companies managers. Some teams are also stuck in the past in how they work, not understanding how to push quality upstream, iterate quickly, and focus on customer value.
It's not Google, Apple or Facebook. You're working for the boring tech company. You're unlikely to work on something that everyone is talking about. You may work on something that knowledge workers and businesses require to get work done and that's cool in it's own way, but it's probably not going to be the thing your friends are interested in and talking about. Tell someone you work for Windows and the first thing they'll ask will be about a bug that even you know sucks but we'll never even think about fixing because we're that removed from customer input.
I left because I did not feel that the career growth was there for the inside. The company had a serious problem understanding how to nurture internal talent and was constantly hiring for senior positions from the outside. The review system as been in flux forever and has caused a poisonous environment for the talent in the ranks.
Not much support for remote work compared to other companies. Very bright talented people - being limited to a certain feature or component and rarely do the developers get a full feeling for the entire product they build. Agree with another post which says there is no encouragement for innovation, most people just cruise along without thinking of innovation.
Poor management, unnecessary meetings make impossible to concentrate on the problem. I would start at 7 to accomplish more before meetings start. Many people from the south who do not integrate well in american culture. It is not cast system here.
Bureaucracy, design by committee, not agile or nimble enough, needs to get leaner, too many people with their ways set since the 1980s in management positions unwilling to change
- Overall benefits not as good as they used to be - Review model means you don't take risks and it doesn't foster collaboration
Responsibilities sometimes gets too repetitive
Too much internal focus, stringent requirements/timing on promotions
Too much politics. Not very good intra group collaboration
Internal rivalry, Politics, Bureaucracy, Mediocre pay
over the past few years the zero sum, force ranked review system has so negatively impacted the culture -creating a generation of new employees who understand their success requires someone else's failure (and they now actively work toward that) -the brutal death march of 20% of those in the review models w/ 4 and 5 ratings unable to get hired for the most part and the frightening and Orwellian lack of complaint for the totally valid and recognized fear that raising this elephant in the room means being targeted as either victim or non-player.
Management has a good vision but they are unable to motivate employees them and implement, issues with cultural differences (team consensus vs individuals speaking up), crossgroup collaboration is terrible
Constant threat of being stabbed in the back if you stand out or speak up about improvement. You will working in what most people would consider less space then a broom closet.  There are several company cultures which slow everything. From the Don't Give a darn folks to I been here longer than you so I am always right folks to the I am wearing sandals and gym shorts to work because I am the Star around here.
Slow reacting to external changes Sometimes, politics play a key role in career development (not what you know, but who you know) Still a little egocentric
Microsoft as a company has lost its way and continually reverts to excuses and playing the victim as to why it is not a market leader anymore. This is a slide that won't be addressed until there is a major change in senior leadership and intensive work on the culture. The recent reorg is just moving deck chairs...
* POOR mid management hires, bringing ion the wrong people with the wrong focus. * STACK RANKING * The company does not care about it's employees, especially sales people. I used to think of my job as having a career, but it became just a job
Too big to make an impact, slow linear growth, impossible to stand out, too much red tape and process, not exciting
Not a good value proposition if you want to play multiple roles at the same time Highly process oriented and less flexibility for inventions
Rigid organizational structure limits opportunities to work on additional areas of interest. Conflicting priorities can result in products with high bug debts. Use of prevalent Microsoft-centric technology can lead to reduced future marketability of your skillset.
Product/company success is secondary. Everyone ambitious is out for themselves. Since review is curved, you need to come out ahead of your peers first and foremost. Managers would actually mentor me in those terms -- toxic environment!
- Performance review and calibration model caused a side effect of 'promoting' working silo and against each others since someone in an org must be rated excellent and someone must be rated bad. - Company is getting a bit too big - side effect of losing the agility, higher mgmt. lack of knowledge of team members - resulted to potential unfair/unjustified rating employees - Became too big ==> led to 'diminishing return' operating model
As with most large organizations it can be difficult to navigate and get visibility.
stack ranking! limited upward mobility hard to form long lasting relationships amid constant re-orgs & shuffling many units moving to cube-style farms work-life balance hard to manage
Red tape Large company politics and review system Not the most exiting company to work for now
Retail hours can take time before moving up
Too easy to work when not at work. STACK RANKING
Too many levels of management
there aren't any cons for this company
- cowboy/hero PM skills required - no area of authority, job 100% pure influence - no accountability anywhere with anyone - HIPPOs rule all decisions - hugely inefficient, no sense of cost structures or common PNL, everything operates as a cost-center
Less mobility across teams, politics within the company
Yearly evaluations stack rank you against your immediate peers, which creates an environment of internal competition (distracting from the actual competition). Truly horrible middle-managers. Lots of dead weight, and lots of very senior disengaged people who are only coasting.
As others have written, it can get easy to get lost in such a big company. You really need to take charge of your career path, network and manage upwards. If you do so successfully you can have a nice career trajectory.  Also, in my opinion, the company is not moving agilely enough to keep up with the pace of changes in the marketplace.
Politics can be heavy. Don't look outside at available resources, focus on recruiting other companies top talent.
Once you are inside the ms bubble, you have 3 numbers: employee ID, stock level and review score. The rest of your life is tied to these arbitrary numbers. It is in your best interest to get hired in at highest stock level possible. In practice, stock level will dictate your base salary and stock awards while review score (1 thru 5 with 1 the highest) dictates bonus and usually promo. The review system of "stack rank" promotes disunity, dysfunction and discord. It is a cancer. Think hunger games. By the way I get 1's consistently and I still feel awful for the others that worked harder (but not smarter) than me. Your direct "lead" is useless, with no management training or accountability your lead feels lie a peer instead of a mentor. You must actively seek out mentors on your own. Career advancement is slow and not always in your control. You could have a great year and get a 1 but be told that you haven't been in your current level long enough. So, go kick butt for another year and hope for Pomo next time. 2 years in your level is considered pretty good. Again, make sure you start as high as possible, it takes a while to climb that ladder!
The review process makes everyone at the same level compete against each other - so basically you are competing directly with your fellow work mates. This makes for a hostile work environment.  Each year there is a stack rank so you are constantly living in fear of this and have to make sure you will survive it. Success here depends heavily on the relationship you have with your boss (but not always).
Unresponsive management, rampant incompetence, non-stop politics, the company treats every utterance and action like it's a lawsuit waiting to happen, force-rank removal system means all teams are constantly in flux which leads to an every-man-for-themselves culture where you will be thrown under the bus.
You have to move up in your career, or move out. Lateral moves within a certain time period of any promotions are fine, but past that you have to continue up the ladder, even if really you just want to try different things. Although a big company, moving around from place to place is very difficult without sponsorship.
Since I started it became more and more difficult to innovate and take risks. Significant increase in burocracy
the review and ranking process could have been better.. But if you are good and better than others you are rewarded. They have opportunities that you can explore
Seems to be searching for its vision & mission. Internal ranking system pits everyone against one another with high ranking individuals being well rewarded and low ranking individuals pressured to leave. Ranking system is less objective and more of an art-form and resulting culture is very cutthroat and somewhat toxic.
Always resource crunched Have to sacrifice personal time to grow No work life balance Vacation means piled up work
Beuraucracy is a bit too much.
- Not viewed as progressive as some other companies (although not necessarily true) - Sometimes have to work a lot of hours
Process often is more important than substance.
Non inspiring managment,company gets lost in micromanagement, spends millions of dollars in internal events that do nothing at all, strategy is wrong and does not get true feedback from lower level employees, partners, and even worse, consumers...
Company continually fails to innovate.
Annual reviews are based on a curve. Even if everyone is an all-star, someone is not getting a bonus, stock, or merit raise.
Toxic and political environment. Very little team spirit. Divisions stab each other in the backs. Frequent reorganizations. Stacked ranking system forces even good people out of the company.
It's a large company, so if you are not in Redmond it's difficult to navigate. If you are not, it's tricky to network and find the right contacts.
Still working on Legacy products. Lacks Innovation.
more office politics. not customer focused!
Every team can be different so everyone's experience may vary.
There's no doubt about it, Microsoft is a competitive place, and intentionally so. If you think you'll stay above the office politics and aren't savvy enough to know how to play the game you run a real risk of being trampled. Unlike some disgruntled folks, I think for the most part the system works, all sizzle and no steak types don't last - but the highest performers tend to be highly effective at what they do, effective collaborators and yes, successful at self promotion.
Limited growth opportunities for long term employees. The best way to get promoted is to leave and return.
Internal politics - likely true of any large corporation. Review system needs overhauling. Currently emphasis is on collaboration, but review system undermines that by pitting folks against one another and then only rewarding those who are most visible on a project. It's become demoralizing to many.
Too much "Process" can result in less than excellent product quality, also many of the products are not bringing value to the industry/society.
Management Favoritism, Not about customers, Personal "High School Clicks", Not "TEAM" driven, Over Focused on Sales
Friends always want free software and/or heavily discounted computers which is simply not possible
- Slowing down on innovation path. - Top leadership needs to change.
the current review system is a PITA.
1. Horrible rating and employee review system 2. HR over empowerment 3. Burdened by product and workforce legacy 4. Serves too many masters 5. Bloat and to heavily matrixed 6. Lack of empowerment due to competing priorities and a lack of clear ownership 7. Accountability is non-existent
Management is set in their ways and thus although they preach innovation, innovation often gets stifled . The bureaucracy in the firm is crippling. Stack ranking KILLs collaboration
Process in this company wastes majority of life. There are quite some managers that are not good at managing.
Sometimes information falls through the cracks, but that happens with most large companies.
Work was not challenging or fulfilling. Advancement was slow to develop and the benefit increases were inconsequential.
- Limited to Microsoft technologies. - Annual review system has degraded over time
Review system sucks and is draining, especially for managers who care about people. Too much focus on career development, we should focus on building great products and career development will happened organically.
Can not moving fast or agile enough, unless in certain business units. Too many unnecessary internal processes, prevent a lot of employee spending enough time with customers and partners.
Depending on the group you're in, it's not always the best work life balance, and slightly difficult to move around to other roles/functions within the company.
Review model doesn't encourage real teamwork Benefits steadily worsening Uncertain future Closed culture
Since it is a large company it is sometimes hard to navigate and find new roles that match your expertise and strengths.
Cant think of any downside as of yet
Microsoft is huge and politics often get in the way of future bets and risk taking. Product groups are conservative and often look to protect what they have rather than take big novel ideas and run with them. If your manager sucks, life can be very bad. Find a place with a good manager is the most important aspect of your job at MS.
Constant change, is that good or bad?
You have to show up and always do you best at Microsoft. This is not a "rest & vest" company and you are continually expected to do more with less resources.
The Company does not care about who they lay-off. Not that many ethnic women or men executives. Does not care about it's support staff.
Salary is a little low as today
Poor review model, pits each other against collegues
Relative evaluation. Even if you perform well, you still might end up with a bad review. They expect you to move up every 3 years. If you can't manage to change positions, you will end with a bad review.
The politics now are just awful. Too many middle managers care more about themselves and carving out their slivers of power than they do about doing the right thing for their employees, their customers, or the company as a whole.  The review model makes it a highly competitive work environment. You always need to watch your back, because your co-workers will try to screw you over to get ahead of you in the stack ranking.  People are afraid of change at the company, so innovation is dead in a lot of groups. The best way to succeed in those groups is to toe the party line instead of innovate. In those groups, if you are a dynamic thinker who looks for ways to improve the team, you will be miserable.
Lot of politics at higher management level. Review system is not transparent.
Pretty much everything else, but the worse thing is probably NIH-ism. (not invented here) Many people, especially those joined right after college, know very little about what's going on in Silicon Valley and why Microsoft is greatly lagging behind.
Review system is extraordinarily painful, demoralizing and unnecessary.  Culture is that all 'real' work is done by vendors, so in order to succeed you have to have skills in finding money to pay for them. Forget anything you've learned about technology -- you'll rarely use it in your real work. Outside employers know this, and it makes it very hard for you to find good work if you ever want to leave -- they want people who do real work, and not overpaid administrators, which your career will quickly become at MSFT.  If you are an individual contributor, regardless of your pay scale, when it comes to review time, you are last, meaning you are getting the bonus/stock crumbs from the table.  Ballmer's recent re-org only emphasizes the point that the crew at the top have no idea of what is going on down in the trenches, they believe that by moving a few senior execs around that they can fix things. They're wrong.
In the field you don't feel you are a part of the larger organization
Compensation is not competitive, future outlook is dim.
Leadership teams (Director to GM level) top priority is competing with each other to retain funding & headcount.  Stack-ranking causes the wrong employee behaviours and priorities. At the employee level, it blocks team collaboration by fostering a "me" culture instead of a "we" culture. At the management level, it significantly underscores a poor manager's inability to get their team its due compensation or job stability.  Tunnel vision on external competitors - to the point that leadership seems to overlook the actual reason for competing: Customers. This defunct method of operation will never result in delighting customers or driving long-term loyalty.  Redundancy is rampant and is mostly driven by the need to accommodate repeated changes in direction. Most of the day is spent in meetings and you only begin your "real work" in the evening at home. While the pay is competitive, when you factor in a 70-80 hour work week, your actual hourly wages are comparable to the rates of your plumber!
it is too big to communicate,
Stack ranking is the biggest culprit
No possibility of a winfall.
Too many meetings, still using waterfall methodology for software development. Terrible review systems.
it's a huge company and there is prices with layers of management and teams
Not the long term position I was hoping for.
politics can be a little rough, not a lot of cooperation across divisions
Sweatshop, depressing monoculture, not worth it any more cuz MSFT ain't gonna make you rich any more
Review system is the Achilles heel. Employees learn to compete against themselves rather than the real company's competitors. Employees sit by as perfectly capable and successful co-workers are let go per the review system and then unable to be replaced. Large company bureaucracy and politics is pervasive. Employee benefits are still good but perceived to be in decline.
- Oncall rotation -- maintaining a large online service regularly woke me up at night with service errors. - Big company / red tape sometimes abounds -- both for development of features and getting logistical stuff done.
Microsoft can be somewhat political. The org structure can be convoluted and unhelpful. We spend a lot of time making sure the team doesn't get in trouble.
politics and performance review system
CTO is not good at all
Oldies never quit, slow and conservative leadership Too many people doing too many little things
The salary is competitive but you won't be making millions. Traffic in the daily commute can be bad at times.
Biased towards seniority (as in - years in the company) while discarding pre-microsoft experience. It is difficult for an industry hire to need to re-establish his credentials.
The performance management and career development problems at Microsoft are so bad they make front-page news and long-form articles in Vanity Fair. Developing a career at the mid-levels and trying to break into management is about who you know, not your competence (beyond an obvious minimum bar). The gaming of the system is embarrassing to witness, for a company that professes to be something else, and perhaps was at one point. The middle-management problem stifles a great deal of possible innovation.  IMO, senior management is completely out of touch with what it is like to try to build your career at the mid-stages at this company. Most of them did that in the 90's --- a very, very different time. It appears that they believe the same set of motivations are still in place for people, even though the compensation through company growth (stock, etc.) is not even remotely the same. As the Vanity Fair article pointed out, the only way to grow in compensation at Microsoft these days is to become a manager (or a very hot-shot engineer) --- thus the hyper-competition and gamesmanship.  All that said, if you can kind of settle in and allow for the fact that career development is going to be 20% you and about 80% random factors beyond your control (unless you are truly a master politician and brown-noser), then there's some cool work to be done and decent people to work around.
Review Model needs to be changed Not enough upper management turn around Easy to get pigeon holed into one area of expertise which limits opportunities for growth.
Politics, moving slowly, manager is the key
too many employees, not enough collaboration between teams
Still a lot of room for improvement on the internal business processes and tools.
There are no downsides as of now
Big company, slow decisions, stack ranking employees. You don't want to be competing against your own peer group. If you land with a bad manager you can be stuck in that role for 18 months before you can move.
Spending so much time positioning yourself against your peers Poor managers - little to no interest in their direct reports as they are spending their time positioning themselves to their manager. Little mid-long term planning seemingly employed,
Sometimes the review process is tweaked just before the reviews are due Some projects end up getting cut instead of persisting with it
you have to make sure you take time for your family. There are so many things available to consume your time, you can easily fill up your personal calendar as well as your professional calendar.
expectations are high, need to put more hours of work
may have to relocate to new place
constant reorgs lots of politics in pa=lay
There are a lot of smart people with good ideas, however those ideas die due to internal politics. As executives work to build kingdoms and amass influence and power, you find that teams work against one another. This internal competition does not benefit the greater good and rather ends with mediocres results.
Work life balanced can be hurt
First, your co-worker is officially your enemy. Expect to be stabbed in the back. Some will say they will help you and tell everyone else how much they are helping you, but then will actually do barely any actual work to deliberately undermine you. Other people will talk badly about you. Others will take credit for your work, possibly your own manager. Most people are good honest folks, but watch out for the bad ones. Especially be watchful for managers who were forced to get themselves promoted out of whatever it was they originally did very well. This is well beyond the normal level of office politics. Your first years will seem great but problems compound over time.  This is a result 3 things: 1. The performance review system is a forced curve. 10% of all employees will be graded at the bottom rung and put on "probation" or "corrective measures". Thus, if you do well but are on a team of 10 great employees, you will be in the bottom 10%. 2. You must move up the corporate ladder ("you are expected to grow"). Otherwise, you will be forced out of the company. Even if you are incredible at what you do and love it, you must move up (ex: great SDETs must become managers, sometimes lousy managers). 3. Promotion velocity: if you don't move up the corporate ladder fast enough, you will soon become unpromotable regardless of how well you perform.  Second, technical ability is not valued as much as management ability. If you love to code, expect to find less and less time to code as you do more management of either other full-time employees and/or contractors and/or vendors. Contractors and vendors do much of the technical work these days.
Difficult to advance, raises are questionable
Political arguments can occasionally interfere with the ability to get work done. Some software developers have difficult personalities, but this is typical of the sector.
Churn can happen. Fast-paced. Not for the faint.
Review model makes everyone hyper competitive and can lead to people being extremely political and un-collaborative
pay could be better since there is no commission, weekends are hectic lots of kids running around.
pay could be better since there is no commission, weekends are hectic lots of kids running around.
Too many Politics among the Teams .If you are not a political player, then you would be a mismatch.
Required to give it your all, work long hours and keep up with the competition. Potential for burn-out.
there are more people seeking to sell marginal ideas than innovate
It gets more and more difficult to learn any skill out of engineering domain after a few years. Top-to-bottom work assignments occupy most of the time. There is not a lot of city life in Redmond, Washington. There are a lot of choices for outdoor activities though.
I miss the sense or ownership and continuity that I had a development lead.
- Some people (especially middle management) are not qualified for their jobs, and should not be in this industry, let alone working at Microsoft. - Innovative ideas are not encouraged. - Stupid metric system to evaluations. (Evaluations based on number of lines of code checked in, number of bugs filed, fixed etc). This system makes no sense from an engineering point of view. - Managers can screw you over in evaluations, and there is nothing you can do about it. - Poor work life balance - But I blame this on poor quality of the managers.
Lots of politics, review system pits teammates against each other, compensation is low compared to other companies, no longer the thought leader in technology
Stack ranking during performance review
Middle management is below average and entirely focused on self advancement
Contract companies add a layer of difficulty for the employee when it comes to salary and process.
Job is stagnant - not exactly inspiring. Too many red tapes
Is hard to get in as industry hire. The only way is through referral. Management commits for you to make themselves look good on their review rather than enabling individual contributors to provide value to the company.  Moving inside the company does not mean you get a better salary or role just a different job.
It is super-demanding and sometimes competitive
no cons after 8 years
The agility on doing something Not perceived as the coolest company in the US salary is not the best in the IT industry
Review system is insanely difficult to navigate, and is based more on politics than actual performance Work / Life balance is non-existent, even though they claim it is there. Typical to work 60 - 80 hour weeks. Management claims that it's possible to have long career as just Individual Contributor, but it varies between groups
For a serious and real example of how this company treats their staff… read Vanity Fairs article in the “Microsoft’s Downfall: Inside the Executive E-mails and Cannibalistic Culture That Felled a Tech Giant”. I lived through it as a top performer, and it’s a political mess that senior ‘C’ level exec’s designed to remove the waste… but didn’t calculate political capital between the managers. So you have talented people exiting with the sloth’s maintaining their lazy path forward.  The compensation plan is seriously designed to reward average employees, pay low performers low salaries, and make high performers run to other companies.  If you want it done… you MUST leverage the correct people and watch out for sabotage.  Tenure at Microsoft is huge! Expect to wait in a long line to get promoted.
I disagree with the interview process - very often the puzzles hardly test anything if the candidate has seen the solution earlier. You can only do so much during the limited time. Some of the best software designers I have seen work methodically, slowly and iteratively.
You have to manage your own work life balance. If you do not, work will eat you alive.
lots of policies and politics. Too slow changes and too many unnecessary works. Uncontrolled culture. Sometimes, there is less responsible actions among members. Less cooperative culture.
The hours can be brutal. And the rating/review system is really broken. Some people are great at politics, but not great at their jobs, and they get promoted over people that are incredible workers but not interested in playing the politics game.
work/life balance is non existence for a consultant luck of a draw for projects stack ranking needs to go
Not much excitement for the company, too competitive environment, bonus on new review system is not motivating.
It was hard and stressful.
haven't think of some cons
Instead of collaborating, everyone in the company is competing against each other to the point peers are always trying to put down peers to make themselves look better More senior staff are less favored/discriminated against for the younger people Managers are limited to what they can do due to review process/system
Some people aren't fond of the performance review system here. It can make you a little paranoid, but as long as you are doing your job, you should be fine.
The benefits package has changed and the healthcare benefit is a pain now. Now we have to deal with co-pays and lots of confusing bills and paperwork at the doctors office. With the old plan, you just walked in, gave them your card and you were done. Now it's just a pain to deal with plus a lot of out of pocket money if you need surgery or anything expensive.  The whole rating system of forcing 7% of the employees to get the lowest score is ridiculous. If they tried to force kids in public schools to adhere to this where 7% of them would always be failing just because their peers were doing better, this would be unacceptable. The system feels forced and not truly based on performance. Trying to fit to the perfect curve means a lot of people get scores they don't deserve. (On both ends I might add.)  The other thing that bothers me greatly about Microsoft is the low number of female engineers and a very low number of females in leadership positions. It's still very much a "boys club" here.
1. Arrogant attitude towards stock market, competitors, and ultimately consumers – Our products are the best why aren’t people buying our tablets and phones! 2. A company crumbling under bureaucracy and non-value added work. 3. Short-term mentality. 4. Competitive to the point of stifling cooperartion. 5. Jack of all trades – master of few.
Too many politics The levelling system capping your ability to execute Having to spend more time managing up than actually working
The period I worked at Microsoft was when it changed from a nimble high growth company to a bureaucratic slow growth organization.  While teamwork within a team was good, collaboration across teams were poor --- people are simply too busy with meeting their own performance goals or team projects to spend much time to work with other teams.
review process is more of a black box
Usually management is busy climbing the corporate ladder and it is hard to get real work done that will actually delight and amaze customers.
Extremely political environment. You can rise only if you suck up to the ones above. A Microsoft employee pends 80% of your time playing games. The mornings are spent doing rounds of offices, saying hellos and whining and complaining. The rest of the 20% goes in figuring out who is doing what behind your back. No wonder their products fail. They are behind any other company. MSN particularly is a joke. Most of the managers i met had very little job skills, it is mostly a well known fact, especially amongst agencies, that a manager from MS would most likely be not qualified to do his job right. It shows in the work that is produced and the worst company culture that exists
A lot of "lip service" is given to work-life balance but there is a subtle expectation that you will work at all hours of pretty much every day. There is a STRONG focus on "managing up" meaning that (with few exceptions) managers are mainly focused on presenting the cool things that they are doing and really have very little vested interest in ensuring the success of their employees through managing/coaching/mentoring. In the current review process - 1) Too often, success is not measured by accomplishments but is instead measured by activities. 2) Employees are measured against their peers instead of against the goals of their job. This basically pits them against each other fostering competition instead of cooperation. 3) EVERY "Commitment" (goal for your position) is subjective. Microsoft is going through some pretty intense changes in organizational structure which has a LOT of people on edge.
limited career path, conflicts between products can waste lots of time
Email jail is real and I live there
Growth is slow and the review process is not that good. Also the culture in some teams is very rigid. Not easy to influence and bring on change.
Performance evaluation system makes it difficult to collaborate at times, because at the and of the day, employees are competing for good reviews and somebody has to be at the bottom.
No improvement in the career And no much work-personal balance
Hubris, nepotism and stack ranking has caused a massive brain drain. The company is out of touch with the marketplace. Lack of innovation (that customers care about) in the core businesses means that Windows and Office are causing sales to trend down. As customers find new alternatives this will accelerate.
It can be hard to stand out in a sea of 'softies. Stack Rank is something to search for in Google (okay, I meant Bing), the rewards and promotion schedule is a hard way to go. Managers won't stand up for you and everyone has to stick to the hard and fast method of judging individual contributions as set by The Castle in Redmond.. And the work/social interaction you might want is limited once you've joined with Microsoft, as the world is divided into several camps, some of which hate Microsoft and associate you with their prejudice if you have a current badge number. I find that a drag -it's like Northern Ireland with warring factions. Like it's your religion or something.
Revolving door of managers and employees in ms out of roles and departments ever 18 months.
You have to sort through the politics of people approving your ideas and concepts for too long sometimes.
This isn't a 9 to 5: expect to work around 60 hours per week, at least Stack ranking for performance reviews
It's a big company that sometimes feels like one group vs another. Sometimes you find there are 2 or three teams working on similar technologies.
This review is specific to the online advertising account management (services) organization.  Poor upper management with a dictatorship style. Lots of ego. People in leadership positions with poor people leader skills. Fear based motivation. Spend more time managing your brand and your review score than you do managing the business and doing your job. Reviews are based on a forced distribution, and people are stacked ranked, period. Meaning, everyone could perform really well, but the review curve will force 10% of employees to get a poor review, and likely the ax. Antiquated and awful internal tools. Heavy process and red tape. Disjointed business groups with lack of accountability and follow through. Heavy workloads.
you don't learn or do too much as you are very busy on daily competition. The competition is not on innovation and deeper analysis. Employees are scared of trying new things as at the end what matters is not to have a failed project .
Not cool product any more.
Lack of teamwork, it is hard getting management to listen to ideas. Instead of using smart thinking to solve problems the company just throws money at the problem until its fixed.
Inefficient, wasteful of company dollars, redundancy all over, immature organizations, back biting for the bonus, penalized for helping struggling employees (don't reach out a helping hand), steal others work and present it as your own, subjective review process, calibration is a farce (it has no relevance to your contributions), load yourself up with vendors so they can do your work and you will get more time to network with higher levels and take the vendors work as your own.
sometimes feels too big. getting good hardware is possible, but tricky.
Forced stack ranking of employees penalizes managers with high productive teams and creates environment where their is internal competition within the same team.
You are working for the evil empire, assimilated by the borg, however you want to be told you've sold out you're probably going to hear it. Microsoft has a pretty bad rep, especially amongst the CSci crowd. Sometimes you might not agree with the direction the company seems to be moving in.
Leadership not qualified to lead
organization is too big for its current structure and framework of processes
Lower overall compensation compared to competitor companies. Don't like the review system at all. Don't think the current executives are competitive.
Difficult to get ahead unless you can get noticed by the right people. Cutthroat performance review practices.
Barely legal rating rating scale. Low level managers are forced to rate on all levels of this scale, regardless of commitment attainment. Lowest scale level is at risk of termination. Right around year 8-9, it is hard to keep your job. If you make it to 11 years, there is some modicum of job security.
Not a great place for low level performers
slow turnaround of some projects
Review system is broken and has caused the loss of many non-replaceable assets.
Probably the world's worst employee rating and review system. You can't just be happy with your job and do that really well -- they want you to move up the chain or they'll cut you out. It is a dictatorial company, where information and instructions always goes downstream to the subordinates, but any improvement ideas never make it up the chain and are usually terminated at your immediate manager level. Microsoft management in general have very fragile egos (probably due to their nerdy nature) and will only promote those who kiss up to them (by promote I mean give them good rating at review time). Medical benefit is no longer a magnate to bring engineers to Microsoft as it kind of sucks for people who are not in perfect shape. Microsoft lays off large number of people and entire groups occasionally and the last large layoff was really targeted at the older employees (40-45 plus) probably due to insurance cost savings, so don't consider a Microsoft job as a safe job by any means. Management never want to hear real concerns. They shut you down at your team level and don't allow true feelings find their way up the chain.
not really engineering oriented company
As many others have stated, and numerous articles have confirmed, the stack ranking system at Microsoft is stifling innovation. At Microsoft the competition is not firms like Apple and Google, but the peer in the office next door. It is an open secret that Microsoft ages out.
Performance review system encourages bad behavior and wastes time. A lot of focus on simplifying for management, not much tolerance for subtle nuances.
Their HR group lack strategy and planning, very reactive and tactical in their approach and solutions
Expectation for working long hours and executing beyond expectations. It's more suited for new college grads than folks with a family.
Long hours and a horrible commute if you live in Seattle.
Company's focus towards employees is reducing
It's a competition. Work hard is not enough to success, you have to be smart.
Sometimes suffers from typical big company problems. Changes and are slow and bureaucratic at times. Many teams still manage to find ways around that and remain extremely agile.  It's easy to get lost in the crowd and stand out. There is a LOT of very smart and talented individuals here.
- processes and methodologies can inhibit innovation - Company can be slow to react to new industry trends - Company is adverse to looking at best-of-breed solutions versus building proprietary solutions - Health care coverage has gone from one of the best in the industry to substandard - work life balance can be a challenge. The company is striving to improve this, but some managers do not embrace this
Flat stock price for the last decade.
Bureaucratic, Slow to embrace new technology trends, Innovator's Dilemma classic case of being wedded to Windows and Office monopolies
It is hard to get promotion if not in the right group.
too big and too slow in some areas
review model REVIEW MODEL!!!! lack of movement up and around is more common terrified workers
Work environment is poor. The new Performance review system has completely lost sight of the real notion of performance and objectivity. Work ethics and values seem to be eroding under the pressure of personal interests. More and more success is for not for the best but for the most selfish and aggressive.
The company is massive which makes it very hard to have significant influence on the product you're working on. Smaller projects are great there, but are often cancelled before they prove themselves. You basically have to give up caring about your product and only care about your career.
There's a saying at Microsoft called "licking the cookie", where one group claims ownership of a product without actually working on it. It probably happens at most large companies but it's definitely prevalent at Microsoft.
hard to find "your place" in the company
Very large company means a good amount of politics!
it's not the old Microsoft but its starting to evolve
Management promotion of the stack ranking rewards buddies vs quality work.
Bad management, bad rating system
size of the company makes it hard for any individual to work on all aspects of a product and watch it though its lifecycle.
Performance management system is a nightmare. Constant pressure to perform against peers leads to a stressful and competitive work environment.
- Time to ship tends to be very slow - Lots of processes to follow
The company's review system pits employees against each other - there is very little team work, a ton of politics to negotiate, and regardless of doing a good job you can be killed in a review based on forced stacked ranking. The worst of it is that the pretend that it is all fair. Admit to having the work environment be a reality survivor show with people's careers and I'd at least respect the workplace there. Finally, they preach work-life balance while making that impossible
MSFT is playing from behind in many key "megatrends" MSFT does not offer key technologies that make a compelling difference - just needed like plumbing Key to success is your manager and territory - which change annually
Very hierarchical, too focused on annual reviews, too many middle managers, too few innovators - very risk averse.
No free food and base salary is not high enough
Stack ranking are a bit rough. This is a pro and con... you work with very bright people.
Software engineers are consider interchangeable and the stack ranking implies this. So if you work on an all star team in a desirable area you will not be properly rewarded.
Gaining brand awareness within selected accounts in my areas of responsibilities. Managing limited budget and tasked with specific growth demands from upper management
Expect non-engineers to be engineers
You can land everything perfectly at the end of the year, meeting all commitments, wowing your direct and skip level managers, and still get the worse end of year rating due to someone trying to get the numbers to fit at the end of the year (there is a limit as to how many people can get the upper level ratings, everyone else gets pushed down).
Ridiculous contests trying to spur more sales. Advocate a client first approach but bottom line is all about sales. Management is quick to make rash decisions regarding individual employees.
Too many politics, benefits are getting reduced
Microsoft thinks that good engineers should be promoted into business roles. They don't do well. They don't like it. So good managers and business people are fairly rare. The annual review system pits people against each other instead of rewarding team work. It also scores on a bell curve so you can do a great job, but if you happen to be the only person in your band, you get an average score.
Highly political. Difficult to move up if you don't have the right connections. Top heavy culture - lots of people with many years of experience hiring vendors to do the work. Too many chiefs and not enough peons.
pay, supervisers, the whole culture in general
The problem is that it's a total crapshoot when it comes to your team and your manager. If you get a good team and manager, you could easily love your position, as it makes all the difference. If you're stuck with a shoddy group, not only are you not going anywhere, but you'll constantly be floored by the amount of back-door politics and backstabbing that takes place. It's about who you know, not what you are capable of, and after the new job sheen wares off it can be very dissatisfying.
Very large organization that can be hard to navigate.
Microsoft has a hard time with services, since most people are used to boxed software. Please get rid of dead weight faster, some people really shouldn't be senior or leads. The review system is terrible at this.
- Struggling and falling behind the competition in markets for Internet services and devices. - Disconnect between Redmond and the customer. - Many projects are very complex and their interface is not simple or abstract enough for the user. - Does not play well with others.
nothing much to say ab
Lack of innovation Slow to market Benefits are reducing
No growth, no appetite for risk.
*Employees are often rated for who they know, not what they know *Very bureaucratic and highly matrixed making it difficult to innovate
Lots of bureaucracy, many times the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing, much of their software is becoming irrelevant due to Apple and Android.
As a former manager the calibration process and reviews has not been tied to reality for the last few years. Most people are rewarded well but some just get stuck in a rut and you have no opportunity to pull them out.
bureaucratic, bean counters are in power, lack of trust in top managers
Culture - one of the most poisonous working environments I have ever encountered. Highly political. Completely NON transparent. Wasteful. And very UNproductive. Opportunity - almost none. Research and some of the engineering teams get to work on cools things but there is fat chance they will ever see the light of day. Everyone else is working on propping up the stinking edifice. Job satisfaction. None.
Each business group is different so you can run into politics. Policies don't always make sense, or appear to be unnecessary red tape. Because each business group is different, there can be communication barriers between each of them. This isn't always the case and can certainly be overcome, but it is present as in any other company.
Too much insider politicking. Way too many people who just care about themselves--not enough focus on external competition or customers.
Competitive culture arises from performance review model
Some politics in mid management levels
There is a culture of immaturity across several of the organizations (e.g. sales, development, marketing, etc.), created by the recruitment and evaluation processes that serve to acquire and then perpetuate a staff of people who never deserved to work at MSFT in the first place.
Even though there are many different products to work on, to switch products you have to redo a full interview loop
As someone that has been rated a "1" and a "2', I still find the rating system to be incredibly counterproductive. A core value they try to promote is "making others great", however this is directly in conflict with how we are evaluated, it's all about your own performance. The first several years the review system really didn't bother me, but now that I'm in the largest level band, it's gotten so bad to the point where I want to leave the company. Again, this is coming from someone that has top ratings. The problem is, once you hit the top it becomes ridiculously competitive to stay there, so I end up spending 75% of my time worrying about how I will be perceived, is my work visible to management, am I working on the most critical projects, etc. I am not exaggerating when I say helping your teammates literally takes money out of your own pocket. I love the people that I work with, but at the end of the day I have a family to support as well. It is really ashame because Microsoft could be so much better if it revamped this system.
Stack and rank, pits you against your coworkers for promotions leads to infighting. Also a lot of kingdom building.
Pay, hours, quality of work, lack of acknowledgement
You have a gap between what is going on "out there" and what management knows. Like any company, those that become management often aren't as passionate as those on the front line and it tends to show. Overall though, they do the right thing "eventually"
Work silos seem to lead to overlaps in work and communication problems. Everyone has a little empire that they are trying to protect.
- Review process pretty hard-core. Reviews used to be (not sure if still are) on a bell curve, so someone had to do poorly, even when everyone was doing awesome.
Too slow sometimes, too big for certain market opportunities.
More freedom to move about the building. Understanding there is sensitive materials, but trust employees more.
In the dwindling minority of Fortune 500 companies that still subscribe to Jack Welch's "Rank and Yank" review system.
Transitioning to devices and services world can be longer, the mind-shift can be confusing meanwhile.
There is a perception that people should move from their current position every two to three years. In some cases high performers who like their current position may move even though they are happy where they are. They person my wind-up unhappy, and there current groups loses the tribal knowledge. Also, many are not happy with the medical benefit changes.
Microsoft can't change it's corporate culture to deal with the 21st century. It moves too slow and is too insular from customers and what else is going on. There is quite a sense of entitlement among employees, especially those that have been there a long time. Both in terms of how they expect to work, but also very much a "if we build it, they will come" mentality.
The stack ranking mechanism is devastating. No matter how well you do your job, you can be rated as the worst in your team and heavily penalized. If you have a team of 20 excellent people, and another team has 20 terrible people, each team gets the same % of people with a top rating, and the same % of people with a bottom rating. It forces employees to want their colleagues to perform poorly - it destroys teamwork.
+ No clear strategy across different groups + Working away from HQ creates issues + Ranking model broken.
Too political. If you want to have a career at Microsoft you need to have a sponsor. It doesn't matter how good you are at what you do and how intelligent you are. It doesn't matter your reputation outside. You need to build a reputation inside and always have one or more sponsors. It is also a very competitive environment and they privilege competitiveness over collaboration besides they say and "promote" the contrary. That can become very stressful because you have to work really hard and many of your peers will try to discredit you and that gets worse when the review period is closer. Microsoft also doesn't do a good job regarding diversity. I see it as a quite homogeneous ecosystem. In many of the groups (I won't say all because I only worked in a few) most of the employees are Indian males and the very few women are mostly Indian or Arabian and they are usually shy, don't speak up (maybe that explains why there are so few senior women). I am a woman coming from a more liberal culture and I really feel intimidated by this. Don't take me wrong, I don't have anything against any particular culture, it is just the lack of diversity that I don't like. I don't feel I have much in common with most of the people I work/worked with here.
Time manager reporting technology work
If you didn't spend half your time trying to be "in the clique" instead of doing your job, you were on the outs. What I mean is, you got table scraps when it came to raises, bonuses, stock, promotions, etc. Many times I witnessed incompetent people get promoted up the chain only to watch them fail.
Sometimes, it's too big of a company. Cutting through red tape can be frustrating. Lots of processes in place (which can sometimes be good, but sometimes bad)
Managers in most cases treat employees like dirt and as completely expendable. They're fast becoming an Oracle sales mentality. One person at a very high level has completely changed the atmosphere, and the way the stack ranking now runs is worse than the Vanity Fair article described. It's a dog eat dog environment, where how good you are, and how much you contribute has little to nothing to do with your chances of success, and how much you suck up to managers in your district, or how much "visibility" you have is the only measure of success. The fact that the hiring manager for the last job I had there over 9 years told me first and foremost 'lets figure out how to get you enough visibility so that I can defend you in the stack ranking' instead of discussing what I should be doing in my job says it all. This appears to be pretty much endemic at MS now, and every week I hear of yet another awesome employee leaving or being forced out. However, the Mid-Atlantic States District is particularly bad, with politics that I have never seen in my 20 years in IT and sales. MS also treats partners terribly. Partner CSAT scores are gamed. The level of frustration in the partner community has never been higher. Partners depend on MS for a lot of revenue, but most hate MS because of the way they are treated.
Health benefits are terrible now.
No strategic direction of it's own - follows market too slowly. Lack of customer caring focus or culture, Horrific and un-ethical performance evaluation process which destroys any team incentive in favor of Machiavellian politics and short term thinking.
Some product teams complain of politics (others don't at all) Some products not well received, especially annoying when due to micromanagement
Big company Focus on enterprise not individual business moves slowly always catches what market wants
- Your experience will be very specific to Microsoft technologies(like .NET, Powershell etc.. ) - HQ is Seattle.. so rough weather can be an issue.
Used to be a great place to work, but no longer. Way too much bureaucracy, performance review process is a death march, both management and employees stopped listening or even paying attention to the customer's needs a long time ago. The red tape, political cut throat environment prevents groups from any real innovation. And finally the most important...they need to get back to the business of rewarding employees who learn and stand up for customer requirements. Too many Indians (I can't believe this is an American company in America...90% of the teams I worked with were all Indian...that is not what I call a diverse employee base).
Many people are reluctant to talk to others from a different team, Culture is conservative, Sometimes I feel people focus too much on their own work results while ignoring the power of team work
No worklife balance. Review system is a joke.
unhealthy workplace, bad review model
I don't see any cons working at Microsoft
Microsoft's internal environment is too focused on internal politics and climbing the corporate ladder than it is on the technology and truly helping customers realize their potential. Career growth opportunities are limited if you are not in Seattle.
Very top heavy. A lot of people at high career levels but not enough work for all of them => Politics.
Reorgs , too many layers, very diverse in employee skills
Vendor to FTE relationship is generally kind of poor, the FTEs tend to look down on the vendor vendor contractors.
Microsoft is hurting in consumer perception, which will likely never change. It gets old when you tell people you work for Microsoft and they laugh. It's not just "haters gonna hate", seriously after years it grinds on you.
Big company, hard to move up
Internal competition for reviews can be counter-productive/stressful
- Very negative culture, people throw people under the bus constantly and hoard info. Not a collaborative work environment. - Way too many arrogant people work at Microsoft, and yet these folks would do poorly at other tech companies in Seattle or Silicon Valley. - Performance review process is very subjective and political, and the people that do the best work and care the most about customers are not rewarded for their effort. Instead, the ones who lie and steal ideas from others are ranked higher. - Not very many women and non-Indian minorities work at Microsoft compared to other high-tech companies. - MSFT stock hasn't moved at all in 10 years. - Benefits keep being reduced. - Some divisions give their employees extra perks and bonuses but others do not. - Poor work-life balance.
As it has grown it has lost a lot of the personal feel that helped to make it the company it was years ago.
Some managers have a hard time providing actual feedback and they are passive aggressive
not very exciting and interesting after working here for a couple of years.
You are just a cog now
Too big Too much time wasted in office politics Rat race competition for end of year reviews and promos
Middle of the road industry salary offerings, not much opportunity to get promoted, salaries do not increase very much over the time you spend working there and taking on increasing responsibilities
A highly competitive and political environment. While this breeds hard work, being stack-ranked against your teams and peers creates an environment where self-promotion becomes the road to advancement, encouraging employees focus less on what employees could accomplish as a team, and more on setting themselves up each year to sell what they've done as an individual. Work-life balance is generally not possible if you wish to succeed.
working retail hours and weekends/holidays
intense and competitive, forced ranking scale for reviews
need follow the company culture
Not too many real-world driven folks a the helm
Not too many real-world driven folks a the helm
Reviews are not tied to your job performance or the work you do. More of a popularity contest Very political environment, agree with their politics, or get out of the company Technical people are leaving the company for greener pastures Lot of bureaucracy, slow moving Not focused on gaining market share or revenue Employees compete with each other not with competitors, look at stock price compared to other tech companies
Recognizing talent across similar jobs/roles. Very Competitive.
Senior leadership at Microsoft is primarily focused on personal empire building. Steve Ballmer is not a technology visionary and is unable to lead the company into the future. He seems to have surrounded himself with cronies and yes-men who only share good news, and do not show the real ground truth.
In attempting to enact positive change to a small organization to benefit and fill a role that a larger organization needed was like cheering for the visiting team at a sports event. You might be heard, it will, however, be exhausting.  Also, at certain pay grades, advancement is extremely difficult. If your competencies / titles do not say "Developer / Tester," "Project Manager," or "Business Analyst" then you might find yourself stuck as far as advancement is concerned. If your choices in improving your salary include moving completely outside your core-competencies and fundamentally changing your work experience and training, something is amiss in your company's promotion track structure.
Review model doesn't foster enough collaboration.
Sometimes work life balance is effected.
Not many good opportunity as the company is slowing down
Lot of mismanagement, bad review process resulting in demotivated employees Too big a company with a lot of teams lacking proper vision and leadership, re-strategizing and redoing what's been done over and over again. You work only on Microsoft technologies, making yourself not so easily portable outside.
In the Dallas office, career advancement is limited because the majority of our operations were either out of New York or Redmond. If you're willing to move though, career advancement is nearly unlimited. MS is really good about not limiting you to functional silos. In their view, good talent is good talent and can be used in many different departments.
Broken review model rewards employees that are best at "playing the game" and not the best and brightest employees Management has suffered the most from the review model resulting in mediocre at best managers
Too many people and process overhead
Bad review system. that totally sucks. Visibility is more important than the daily works. Salary is low compared with others. Lots of politics.
politics politics politics politics politics!
mediocre management, too many dead wood, slow and out of touch
The flexibility I mentioned was early, these opps are closed now, it has become very metric driven.
Darwinian management culture, exposure to only Microsoft's software technologies, lots of bureaucracy.
You have to fight lot to get visibility. Lot of pressure. Stack ranking kills innovation.
Very very political, performance stack ranking methodology discourages employee cooperation and actually encourages "managing up" and excessive self promotion.
Working with other teams can be very challenging, especially when they are in a different division. May need to go up several managers, in my experience one time 6 levels, and back down to work with the other team.  Too much focus on yearly review, sometimes I would be working on things just to have some pony piece to show at the end of the year, instead of working towards a common goal.  Weather in Seattle / Redmond / Bellevue area can be cloudy many months of the year.
Engineers are the kings but this makes sense because the founders were developers. Typical politics and gaming that you'd expect from a big corporation. Lacks distinct culture and a purpose. Performance review model seems like a death spiral.
Timely deadlines, seasonal pressure, pleaseing your bosses
The culture is frustrating, and it feels like the executive level decisions are completely detached from the wishes of the employees at times.
they always had stale doughnuts sitting around would be nice if they could upgrade them. Also too many people in the restrooms.
review system doesn't compensate effectively, inordinate process
Salary is lower than other similar companies. Promotion program is very slow and its more like a queue.
Teams don't collaborate well with each other
limited career path locally but more in redmond
- Microsoft seems to be playing catching up in too many areas - phone, tablets, search. It might be better to pick fewer areas and go all in them.
A lack of good communication between the different business organizations
Cross team competition leads to convoluted accomplishments.
Everything else, You will need the good health plan!
Culture, cookie mold and work balance in my experience not ideal.
Like any company, there were some internal politics that were not so fun to deal with.
Slow, bureaucratic, no longer cutting edge but trying really hard. Monopoly took a lot of wind out of Microsoft's sails.
EXTREMELY bureacratic especially for senior employees. Lots of old-school management who think being brash and inhuman will be tolerated in some groups, while other groups focus far too much on social skills and not intellectual horsepower. Innovation is paid lipservice, but never really supported
- Too often organization realignment in the company and if impacted, makes people distracted. - Very rigid review system
complete chaos, not a lot of sales resources, sales management that hasn't sold in decades and terrible quota setting. It was a better place about 5 years ago but since Kevin Turner took over as COO, it's become a more hostile environment and the new review system is horrible. It puts you against all your colleagues and somebody always has to lose because there is a requirement for it on each team. Lastly, they had a reorg and laid us off on two-day notice. they even called someone on vacation and laid them off after 8 years of performing well.
1st line manager aren't allowed to make good decisions. Stack ranking hurts group cohesiveness. Politics at the upper level leads to constant reorgs and distraction impacting product decsions. Shooting the messenger a commn problem.
Management, Review system, head to head competition in team work env.  Microsoft really need to think about review process specially evaluating Sr. employees. MS spends a lot of resources to take him to the Sr. level and then spent very few resources to help/find appropriate feet for U/10 employee. Even in all review guides said "5" is not a label, it is label for sure that practiced in every team in MS. To me this very neglected way to manage your assets. Talking to MS employees I found that lying is pretty common among management.
too much politics and favoritism not enough original ideas and innovation. No vision for growth.
the review system is stupid and it will bite you eventually
Review process has all but killed the culture & trust amongst employees within the company. Benefits change within the past year no longer is best of breed. Required internal focus & attention significantly outweighs the need to interact with customers and partners anymore.
1. Limited hours. If you are full time, you are limited to 40 hours. If you are part time, you are limited to 20. This can rise during the holiday season, but you cannot work more or less than your stated hours, which reduces flexibility some. 2. You are prohibited from using your iPhone or Android phone on the floor, though I believe there is a restriction on this at the Apple Store, too. 3. It's a mall job, albeit a fun and well-paying one. You deal with lots of cool people, but there are also a lot of idiots as well. 4. No real way to get into Microsoft corporate - only positions available for those wishing to advance are managerial/computer technician positions. 5. Retail is still a very new thing for this company - it's hard to say if it's going to stick around or disappear in the long term. 6. Too much focus on sales and metrics - we are a good bunch of salespeople, but if people are mum on a product, they are not going to buy it.
Stack ranking performance system is destroying morale at this great company. Execs and upper level management have no loyalty to US workforce and are constantly trying to move every job offshore to low cost centers. Very poor vision at the top for innovation and growth.
Responsibility expectation is huge. Recently, they removed the no-cast medical benefits which make all of employees likely take a big cut in their take home salary. 401K match is only 50% where most of the big companies match 100%. Work-balance is always hard to maintain.
Wall street seems does not like it.
Too much bureaucracy and hidden agenda.
Work/Life balance is out of whack even though they are trying to fix it Long term planning needs help. Many projects are killed after a few years of existence.
too much politics and change in health care
Review process has to fit a particular number of people in individual buckets. When everyone is competent, this exercise sometimes becomes more political than reflective of true merit.
Sometimes slow. Big company. Management.
- Company is focused on competition rather than focusing on doing what is right for the customers - Review system is broken - too much power of reviews vests with managers. Peer feedback is not fully taken into account
Who is on the chop block this quarter - it is someone
Promotions are becoming rarer and harder to get. As a result, you see huge backlogs of very capable and experienced people stuck in a level for years. Benefits (particularly medical) are not what they used to be. Byzantine performance review system, which allows a lot of room for subjectivity and effectively discourages team work and collaboration with its stack ranking.
none I can think of.
Staring to micromanage employees Company is too "corporate" feeling now Death by metrics Most job opportunities are in Redmond, WA and most job opportunities are limited outside of Redmond.
Work life balance, pay, to many type A personalities
Review system is a set-in-stone curve, pitting people against each other instead of encouraging collaborative work. Poor leadership at higher levels trickles down Constant high-pressure environment wears employees down in the long term
1. Stack ranking is a killer that promotes people to work against each other, backstabbing, etc. 2. No innovation 3. Non-competitive in nature 4. Always late to market 5. No reward for technical skills 6. Poor decision makers in higher management. 7. Long release cycles 8. Bureaucracy and Politics overrrides everything including healthy competition.
The biggest con for me is the stack ranking. There are 5 levels - 1 to 5, 1 being the best and 5 being the worst. Every team will have at least a few people getting a 1. This puts a continuous pressure throughout the year to compete with your immediate peers. Competition is always there in all companies, sure, but with stack ranking it is much more so because if you don't do better than your immediate collegues you will get a low rank. This discourages team work.  The other con is the fact that the review process is very harsh on people who have ever performed poorly. If you have gotten bad reviews in earlier years, it will affect your review this year. To me that doesn't make sense. If you did well this year, you should get rewarded for it. In 2012 they finally changed a system which affected all senior people in the company, because they used to take into consideration your potential for promotion, and senior level employees don't necessarily have that kind of opportunity for promotion. Now they don't take the future into account, but they take into account previous years.  The third issue is that if you remain at a level for too long, it affects your review as well. It is similar to the previous point, except that this is specifically about staying at a level, not just the review scores. You don't get a good review, or you don't get a promotion too easily, because you did not move up the promo ladder fast enough. This means that you can't stay in the company and do your job and be fine with it, you have to constantly try for a promotion, you have to constantly compete with your friends.  Of course, you have to work hard, and no matter how hard you work, you always feel guilty that you didn't do enough. You're always on, never fully relaxed. Maybe that's just me.  The last, painful point is that your entire review/promo life depends on your manager. If the manager has something against you, you are stuck, even if you are a good employee. The manager holds the power to tell you what the good projects are that you should work on, where people are looking ahead to. Other managers won't tell you because they want their directs to do well. This cut throat competition makes it hard for someone who landed a manager he can't work with. Once you join a team you can't typically switch to another team before a year, and the manager has the right to keep you for one and a half years. So it ends up being slow.
Not flexible, time to market response
Pay is very very low. Some of the work is sometimes very tedious. You really need to expand your social group in order to accomplish many of the tasks assigned.
too many reorgs, no proper planning
Bureaucracy of the BU and politics kill exciting deals
Assimilated into MSFT, and it did not go well.
Annual performance review is based on relative rating with your peers within your team and with your other peers across the teams. Since it is relative and the performance curve is forced, some % of people have to fall in all the buckets of rating(1,2,3,4,5). Due to this, peers don't help each other much which results in lack of team collaboration.
Fewer opportunities for those early in career
May seem difficult to get your fott in the door.
As widely described and debated on the web and in literature, the review process motivates me-first attitude and disincents teamwork. There is no real interest by management in providing a more humanist review system as they continue to believe that internal competition feeds innovation despite all the data that shows otherwise. Perfectly willing to drive people away who simply get their jobs done rather than play the game against their peers.
There is such a variance in the culture and products that it's great if you in the right one, but can be an miserable experience if you're not
The review system is causing individuals to be competitive with one another rather than work as a team to compete with other companies and produce winning products The company has been catching up with competition for many years now and politics are killing innovation In some team the environment is poisonous
Not as many opportunities for advancement as desired. Difficult to circumvent entrenched ideas by leadership. Not easy for acquisition employees to integrate into Microsoft culture.
Well as some one described it 5 years at Microsoft is like ten years else where, the morale is so low and everybody operates out of fear. I have never ever created so many useless PowerPoint's at managements insistence. Also pleae do not think it a plus to have Microsoft as an employer on your resume the reputation is starting to spread...
Not many that I can think of.
Can get lost in the shiffle
Poor middle managers - myopic vision Ladder level secrecy and chase bogs down quality of work People only work hard alternate years because that is when you can get promotions No idea of what happens outside MSFT. Use their own products, get used to its weaknesses and forget that in the real world people don't accept such weaknesses
As the products get older, and the number of employees and kingdoms grow, it gets harder to build products and features that people actually want. Instead, much of what happens is driven by people focusing on how to survive the next stack-ranked review, via self-promotion, over building great software.
Review Model is and antique. Good people leaving for competitors, hurting MS
Highly political environment. Questionable review model of assigning people to a fixed distribution of numbers 1-5, the fives get fired and the ones get the largest bonuses. This sounds fine to a top performer, but the problem is that the numbers assigned aren't based on performance. I was told that it wasn't what I accomplished but how. So employees spend a lot of time doing self-promotion and self-marketing in order to make it look like they are top performers, or doing character assassination of other employees in order to make themselves look better during the 'stack ranking.'  Upper management doesn't seem to have the ability to differentiate what is truly valuable from what is BS, so employees spend a lot of time on bizarre, tedious cut & paste activities and politics rather than work that really benefits the company overall.  There isn't a focus on actual quality of support to customers but rather on the appearance of quality, so there is rampant manipulation and gaming of metrics, survey results, etc, in order to make the business appear to be doing better than it actually is.  Employees are expected to work at least 65 hours per week if they expect to advance.  Those who question the way things are done or say, "uh, isn't the emperor naked?" don't do well in the culture.
a big company, they really just look for workers.
Company is slow when compare to market condition or compitiion. Very conservative company in taking risks.
bad senior management hinders the growth of lower level employees.
Very large company can sometimes make it challenging
Being a big company with strong entrenched businesses, you always need to be more strategic and be a strong influencer to get things done right. No cop out for cutting corners for the sake of being faster if it's not the right thing to do. The only above average pay means this is not the place if you are looking for a big payout, but the work, skills and camaraderie are worth it.
Slow growth and not a lot of development freedom.
It's Microsoft. Big, influential company that, while diverse, seems to be led by a lot of old white dudes. Leaders represent a socially awkward group reaching for the next big thing while releasing questionable product quality at launch.
So business and stakeholder centric that humans get in the way.
Very large HC so easy to get lost in, corporate culture tries to over-complicate everything, over-riding belief that you can "engineer" anything from customer satisfaction to employee happiness, not enough trust in the field talent by HQ, careers move slow outside of HQ
- it's a large company with all its cons - decisions can take weeks to make, some dependencies on other teams might be difficult to get done on time, hat's one of the biggest strengths of the company can be at times its weakness
Have fun competing against others that have no life and work 80+hrs a week. I never saw anyone outside of work, most developers worked like dogs and have few interests outside of work (in my opinion) besides mundane things like cooking and photography. Basically you move here, buy your base Toyota Corolla, rent an apartment and work work work, buy your house, work work work. Also, be prepared to play Survivor Redmond, build your alliances, etc.
slow career advancement, political, average of older workers
Health benefits are not as good as they used to be
Very political - it depend who you know
Reorganization of divisions can cause unnecessary loss of positions, jobs sometimes depend on politics of higher ups within the organization. Stressful as deadlines approach.
If you work at Microsoft, you need to be in redmond. Everything gets done there.
Review system needs reconsideration and reevaluation.
-Size: we're invested in so many technologies and market segments, it can be tough to be agile at times. -Work/Life Balance: despite all the flexible work arrangements, most people are working way more hours than they'd like -Up or Out Culture: can jettison some highly effective performers who no longer want to move levels
Too much consensus building and not enough visionary leadership. Despite a strictly enforced stack rank review system it takes too long to get rid of poor performers and the collateral damage from the stack rank is hard on morale.
Playing office politic is how you get ahead, not your performance.
Very Political - over the last couple of years it's become a very competitive place to work. This is driven by a change to their stack ranking review system which is designed to eliminate 20% of their workforce over time. It's more like a layoff model.  Having MS on your resume is now a negative - especially to start-ups
Microsoft's products are costly and may become out of date in an untimely manner. Results from a customer service claim may take a while for results.
1 bad weather, make you sick , drive you crazy, no sunlight for months in winter, which is Oct to next June 2 bad and dishonest managers, assign all non visible work to you and leave visible work to his or her favorite guy, 3 it is a popularity contest, the work is simple, anybody can do it, the question is how to get popular. 4 you are not valued base on you work, since the work is simple, it is purely up to the manager, they can give you 1 or 5 as he wish 5 not so smart engineers, most engineers are so so, , good ones are not happy with the review and left, the survivors are very good at fighting and politics 6 they completely ignore the fact that you made the system more stable, they think you are just fixing up things, and you have no value, ever wonder Ms product suck? 7 you are working for a dead rot wood, after a few years, you become thinking their way, which is a clumsy, clunky way, rather than a simple effective way of creating software 8 the building seems always full of car exhaust pollution, maybe because the cold weather, and the under ground parking, I am sure the CO is very high, make people very sleepy all the time, 9 nobody out in the industry does things Ms does, because nobody can afford the waste, if you think your knowledge can apply somewhere else?  I definitely regretted working here, wasted my time
constant re-orgs, limited growth beyond mid-level, highly political, very dependent on political alignment with your line of mgmt. Horrible review system designed to limit growth and potential and pit people against each other.
rigid org structure not nimble nor able to respond quickly to market changes
Online, Online, Online, Online, Online
Upper management sometimes make bad investments and product decisions.
Bureaucratic. Political. No relation between talent and success.
Too many layers, too much bureaucracy. hyper competitive environment - at times people worried more about reviews and managing up than the work.
More flexible work arrangements, overly process orientated
The company is too big
okay salary, very competitive environment
the review model is not conducive. forces co-workers to ensure that others fail worse than them
issues with performance evaluation system
Hard to going up the chain. It prefers people that are able to talk. Hard to innovate because lots of restrictions.
Political driven Great place for managers to develop their careers but not necessary individual contributors Experiences vary greatly with the departments. Some departments like OSD (online service division) is notorious for re-orgs and non-productivity.
Work/life balance can be a challenge, but this is cyclical in nature and didn't bother me much.
you have little freedom to choose what you like to do and you have to work for the benefits for the company. the mentor is also push
1.Too much politicking 2. People tend to do stuff to get better reviews Vs the right thing  It is always having to worry about the review that bugged me. People generally dont tend to "own" things. Managers have been typically in their roles for more than a few years so they dont have much incentive to grow.
Work life is tough and high paced but I guess this could be worse
Stock price has not kept up with the growth in the company earnings and valuation.
Very intense work environment, lots of hours and no work life balance
performance review is a virus for this company, 10% constantly been kicked out every year. too limited views for people want to grow. many devs need to work over 50 hours to survive, or you drop to the 10% category. believe it or not.
sometimes slow to take on things
lack of flexibility and agility
You need to consider how you are leveled as much as you consider how you are compensated. When interviewing, ask about career growth and how the leveling process works at MS. It can be tough to climb the ladder if you choose a non-traditional career path. Finding that career path is also much more difficult that it is to find a new position
late working hours is the reason
there is no such thing as 8-5.. more like 6-9.
too many in upper mgmt and not enough individual contributers to get work done... culture has changed drastically since billg has left and the tight job market. putting more work on people with no no increase in compensation, unpredictable bonus plan, you might as well throw a dart on a number to figure out what you will receive every year
Not all but there are few arrogant people in almost every team to work with. Group may be good but cross-team collaboration render into problems. Heard the medical benefits have gone down the drain.. Very poor.
it is a big company, need to work on your visibility, just focusing on your base job is not enough. There is some politics between divisions or groups. The annual review system with the forced curve means that good employees in a strong team can get bad reviews.
Too much process. Not enough trust of judgment.
It's an extremely competitive environment. Sometimes you just wish Microsoft was more of a leading player in some of the technology areas.
Their fixed procedures to different things is cumbersome and difficult.
Very competitive environment with a review system that discourages people from working together. It can be extremely cuthroat, especially as you go up in the levels.
work life balance, career mentoring and growth
comes at a price of not having too much exposure to the "business"
Things tend to get slow as there is quite a bit of red tape. Vision trickles down too slowly
internal politics, stack ranking - causing worst practice
not good culture to workers
Growth is slower and very team dependent Many levels to have to go through to get things done
Very process driven and less creative.
Big company, lots of organizational churn, and sideways talk about vision. Also legacy code.
Projects are run in such a way as to discourage innovation and exploration. More time spent planning and justifying than doing. Use agile terminology when the environment combines agile and waterfall in a way that robs each of the things that are positive about them. No empowerment to adapt the process to the team and project.
Tremendous institutional bureaucracy and resistance to change.
Work life balance, career development, good ole boys club
Internal blockers can limit innovation
too much back stabbing and petty politics
The great tech was happened before, but it looks like now they more care is review, and review is controlled by small group of people -- leaders. So making good relationship to leader is more important compare with making good product. Tech become a tool, not goal. More and more MS employer start tired to internal political and lost trust to MS
Manage up or Manage Out doesn't always apply to eveyone on the team meaning they manage out some really solid contributors with a lot of experience just because they don't want to keep moving up in the ladder. Review model doesn't really reward collaboration, very competitive. Dev vs Test culture. test is seen as gatekeepers...
Most managers are great, however Microsoft's move up or move out strategy is flawed in that it takes great technical contributors and moves them up even if they lack the aptitude to work at that level.
Work / Life balance was evangelized but not realistic
Office potitics is heavy sometimes, Female employees are proportional fewer, Bottom-up innovation is hard.
Fast paced and you need to be on your toes and give 110%
No passion for innovation and pushing the boundaries. The bottom line (money) always takes top priority when it comes to direction and decision making.
The company does not have a good way of accurately gauging talent / motivation. So a lot of very high up people do not have good judgement, they either are loud and can argue until everyone around them gives up, or they happened to be in the right place at the right time.
The stack-ranking review system hurts innovation and collaboration, promotes investing within the immediate review year at the expense of long term strategic ones. If you don't know how to market/sell yourself better than your team-mates, don't look for your name at the top rank, better get prepared for leaving, as you will eventually. High pressure and workloads, high expectation Need to be independent and deliver fast/accurately in a consistent manner, don't expect lots of help.
Experience depends on what team you are in.
STRESS. Know this going in - that you will need to put some energy in learning how to manage stress. If you can't convert it to excitement or use it healthily . . . maybe reconsider. This company hires the best of the best and they expect nothing but the best in return. You will make sacrifices. Your health might suffer if you don't buld in some exercise to burn off the cortisol.  I think the review process is a bit brutal. I'm not convinced the process is incredibly fair because the managers have to stack rank all folks in same job level, and if you ALL do a stellar job, there is a bell curve of ratings to assign. It can be very deeply disappointing and de-motivating. If all did "5" level work, there has to be a 5.0, 4.5, 4.0, 3.5, 3.0 chosen from the five. I think this is just wrong! Perhaps they have changed it by now.
stack ranking system is a nightmare. employees who excel at what they do and wish to stay with their current job are not appreciated. you must keep moving or drown at Microsoft.
almost always a follower in the market slow to move management is not incentivized to make things work well across the whole product portfolio stock is only good for the dividend maddening bureaucracies abound
Politics stifles innovation. Dissent is still politically loaded, and depending on your group, career suicide. Culture of silence around bad managers means there are many bad ones, more than you'd expect, at a large, productive company. Some of the folks who've been around a long time, and are very senior in the company, need to be moved around, or out.
Politics! Once you tick off the boss, you're toast.
Culture-poisoning review system. Engineering mediocrity. Inbred managers.
Most of the agressive business tactics that made Microsoft a powerhouse to be respected, feared, and (by some) reviled are a thing of the past. Instead of focusing on the competition, most people seem to spend their day figuring out how to beat the guy in the office next door.
Competition between coworkers, company outlook
Often focus is on a director's pet projects instead of what's best for the product. If you are in a group of rocket scientists, then your review rating / bonuses will suffer, and you might be forced to leave the group.
Very large company, with the downsides that entails: slow moving in many cases, politics, etc.
Upper management sucks, stack ranking sucks, *everyone* is an overachiever and if you are not then you will stand out for it.
None really. Its far from the Commons. Walking can be a pain and that's all I can think of as a Con.
Often focus is on a director's pet projects instead of what's best for the product. If you are in a group of rocket scientists, then your review rating / bonuses will suffer, and you might be forced to leave the group.
Pressure to succeed super high. Work life balance difficult - you are always on. Cross group collaboration often challenging. Hard to move up and secure promotion. In my opinion, 'Senior managers' (director and above) were too focused 'managing up' and not developing and investing time in their own teams
i hate the hours i worked.
Legacy techs in some teams
Highly political organization Reward visibility, and popularity While innovation is on upswing still have trouble launching products
Aggressive planning, conservative technical choice.
Microsoft has lacked leadership innovation since 2000 and has been playing constant catch-up to Apple, Google and others. Continuous re-orgs make it extremely difficult to have a thoughtful career path. There is a culture of getting ahead by stabbing peers in the back. Everything in the 2012 Vanity Fare article "The Lost Decade" was spot on - good read if you are considering Microsoft to know in advance what you are getting into.
Boss with poor management skills and silling to sacrifice employees
Unfriendly review system continues to create tension among team members, as such people are more focused doing things to get good review instead of focus on right priority for the company. This also happens at the very senior level which results in duplication of work/good projects get killed prematurely (remember Microsoft had tablet way before Apple)/people not willing to play corporate politics leave the company.  If you are thinking of changing the world - then you would be better off working for startup or smaller company. Currently it's too big, no matter how talented you are - you will likely be working in a software engineering pipeline where decisions (perhaps wrong?) are being made way above your pay grade. There is hardly any opportunity to work on your unique creative ideas and see it flourish at end user hand
The company is big and sometimes there is a lot of duplication. Strategy might be hard to understand
Cross-divisional work is getting better, but still in need of improvement
Culture of passive aggressiveness and avoiding risk leads often to mediocre results. The company culture is engineering and as a result other disciplines are not being heard.
intense internal competition, CEO, review model
Internally focused - a lot of the company operates in a bubble Number of people makes it hard to have a job with impact Better for functional depth than broad general management
Lagging behind in some key markets, environment can be very political. Review system is confusing and pitches people in competition with each other. The more senior you get, the more political it gets.
Was harrassed by management, poorly run, lack of communication-don't know how corporate is, but don't work retail!
Review system is inane Leadership lives in a bubble Once collaborative environment now more focused on zero sum one upmanship
Sometimes it has a stodgy reputation
Reviewed compared to your peers. Doesn't matter how well you do if your peers do more/better. It rains a lot in Seattle and is dark a lot in Winter. Limited scope in many SDE/SDET positions. You own your features and can get pigeon-holed into your technology.
Middle managment (Director to GM) is extremely prideful. Most managers achieve their roles by boys club association and by burying the achievements of those below them. Find and build an inexpensive alternative to a big budget initiative a GM has championed and you'll find yourself rated low.
1. Too many processes to deal with 2. Manager is God when it comes to promotions/bonuses 3. Too much office politics
Stack ranking Quota's unattainable for patches that all have EA's License management runs the deal. Really. Work/life balance. NON-EXISTANT. People who have NO LIFE get ahead.
Very poor work / life balance in all teams - the more your move up, the less time you have for anything and they expect you to be "avalible" / on-line all the time - lot of late night follow-ups on email, or finalizing projects ( can be ruff for family life people ) High Stress Little to no room to move up Last 5 yars of Microsoft have going to the "HP" or "AT&T" corp. ways - very hard to get things done and lots mind games with upper managment "think what over wants" without communicating Review sytem keeps changing every 2 years! No clear direction of career goals and many times can be used against you - not for you ( plus managers have a number in their head before review process is already started - stack ranked you - so writting down what you did means little )  Be carefull of "burnout" teams - there is no getting ahead - many of these are their new markets within last 5 to 10 years entering - and not having clear direction
Political, You're always trying to justify yourself
It's all about dying technology like Windows and Office. Need more focus on R&D and bringing that to market.
It is hard to determine how your performance is reviewed
TERRIBLE MANAGEMENT Seen as irrelevant in tech innovation, but refuses to change focus No Work/Life Balance Eroded Values that are Ignored for Bottom Line
Most people work on a very narrow scope. Like every large company, there's a lot of politics. The review process pits peers against each other and that can lead to unnatural acts at times. Benefits keep declining over time.
Red tape hampers work. Top heavy
Core teams like Office and Windows have clear direction and doing well however other teams go through many strategy, direction, and organization changes. Review system is also stressful.
Individual contributors are at the whims of group politics, and the horrible review model perpetuates the infighting. It's very difficult to make any kind of decisions or innovate within the framework of HUGE groups with immense business goals.
Lack of opportunities, open source, faster shipping cycles
Review system needs a revamp. It is one big, every moving bell curve. You're rewarded based on management visibility vs. quality of work.  Reward system/ranking is completely subjective. You don't know where you stand until it is too late. Not rewarded for innovation or doing your job. Not enough objectivity.  People only worried about calibtraton and where they fall vs. what to do to make the company better!  Extremely political. You definitely need to know the right people to advance! Need to know the rules of the game to succeed.  Climbing the ladder is all about who you know and if they like you.
Slow to react to changing consumer product tastes. Microsoft needs mobile to be hit to guarantee success of Windows and its auxiliary businesses.
Too big and slow, hard to get visibility. Right manager means everything.
The review system has forced curve. The organization is matrixed, meaning you will only work on a small piece of the pie. However, considering the scope of the company, I think that is innevitable.
Managers are self consumed and motivated to undermine the effort you put in. Lot of politics.
Very competitive A culture that you have to be seen...so have to be in the office Not decision driven
* Firstly, On the day of joining you would feel lost. * Old company set in it's ways and hard to affect any changes. * "Not my job" mentality with little sense of ownership. * Little sense of continuous process improvement. Developer productivity is abysmal with broken tools and processes. * Fight for visibility to get promoted and move up the career ladder. * Lots of Engineers choose to remain mediocre because they are still getting promoted!  If you want to get motivated to join or start your own startup, join Microsoft! Here you would see worst of malaise of large corporation.
Feels like congress sometimes. Politics and duplicative work assignments lead to gross inefficiencies. Growth here is not real, unless you feel like more responsibility at the same pay rate is professional growth.
I think the review model should be redefined. Having a curve system and stack ranking is not the best solution and it impacts employee's productivity in a bad way.
It is really hard to be recognized for doing great work. The review system is a curve on very small groups so it is easy to get into a bad spot. Even if you are the best at what you do, you can get a bad review because you aren't growing enough or some other nonsense.
"Rank and spank" stack-rank review system is a nightmare and is now driving out the tenured & talented people in droves. Couple this with the changes to health benefits and MS is going to be hurting having no one to support their products outside of the jokes in India. Everyone is miserable due to the ranking system and horrendous lack of any work/life balance. Management is a joke and they offer no real help in career progression or development.
Corporate culture dominated by lifetime employees and often has no bearing on reality.
the performance review process is deeply flawed. it doesn't drive culture of collaboration, even though most people work together well despite the distribution curve.
Stressful at times. But this is true of most jobs. Sometimes you just need to take a nice break and give yourself some time to relax.
The stack ranking system puts unnecessary pressure. Some jobs appear redundant. Too many office moves seem wasteful.
Not growing, and the trend is to contribute to products as much as possible.
Like many others, I find the review system annoying. Managers are forced to rank their staff and 'fight' with other managers for ranking among the division. This means that even good employees may get a lower-than-deserved grade because someone has to rank lower than others. It can be demoralizing for those who wind up there. however, management seems to be aware it needs to be fixed, although they don't seem to be doing much about it at the moment.
Broken review model, stock performance, inefficient decision making from senior leaders, lack of agility impacting ability to compete.
- Benefits suck now - Company has been going nowhere for over a decade - Review system is an abomination - If you're unlucky enough to work in the newer buildings, enjoy the moronic decisions to put everyone in open spaces and block off the windows so you can't see outside. If you like working in a cave surrounded by maddening levels of noise, this might be the perfect environment for you.
Caf regularly sucks Too much bureaucracy on occasion Getting stuff (books, licenses, etc.) can be a hassle for no good reason
- Focus on Business software is not the most interesting field - Fairly political - Flat org structure - Not a lot of collaboration, forced to learn things on your own - Type A personalities can sometimes lead to heated/uncomfortable work environment - "Commons" cafeteria has a lot to offer, but lunch can be very expensive
Your work tends to be siloed to specific areas and there is a lot of bureaucracy and politics involved, especially as you cross divisions. It may be one company but the various divisions often don't collaborate well.
Lack of strategy and strong leadership across the company. Leaders are more interested in being individual heroes rather than defining, setting context and guiding execution of strategic initiatives.  Competitive, internally focused review model causes bad politics, back-stabbing and general lack of collaboration and teamwork  Reluctance to take risks and innovate due to short-term politically focused review model.  Functional organization model causes endless meetings and lack of customer and product focus. Way too many people have to be in every discussion and there is no empowerment or ownership of decisions.  Would have given the company 5 stars years ago and have hoped it could return to its more passionate, innovative and empowering days, but it is on a decline in most ways - talent, products and leadership.
Limited Work Life Balance - depends on your team/group Limited career opportunities outside of sales and technical careers Very political - need to network outside your group to get promotion/bonus Each team/business units has different set of priorities and goal so hard to partner
Company went down hill along with the economy in 2009. Massive layoffs of talented people. Too much of bad designs, poor marketing schemes, ideology, and influence from lower paid management brought in to replace the lost talent after 2009.
- You are penalized when you switch teams, nothing you did on the previous team counts anymore, even if it's withing the same division/org. - Politics is more important than technical ability and collaboration is not valued, it's better to redo something that get other team to adjust a library for example. - Review system gives too much power to leads, you have to do what they think is best, not what's best for Microsoft or the customers. - Some decisions come from above from nowhere and no explanation, a little transparency would be great for motivation.
Several execution and strategic issues.
Inherent to working within a large organization is that the number of stakeholders you need to bring into alignment in order to bring an idea from concept to reality is quite large. If selling/proving the desirability, feasibility and viability of your product/idea is not your bag, then large organizations, in particular, are not for you. If, on the other hand, you relish this kind of challenge, and view it as simply another design challenge, then you will do well.
Major portion of the company is still in waterfall model Slow progress on projects due to bureaucracy Review model hinders innovation
Bureaucratic and sluggish. Lots of politics.
Nearly all your work will involve lots of legacy code. Things move at a very slow pace -- the down time between projects can really drag on.
Best jobs are located out of Redmond
Politics and favoritism, out with the old let the new come in and shine
Long hours. Very political environment, a lot of middle management. Most times "How it looks" or the "Team Stats" are more important than doing the right thing for users or the company.
Very politcal environment and not all groups are created equal.
Maybe too much middle management.
It is a very fast paced, competative and demanding environment. It can be very difficult for some people to thrive in this type of environment.
Review model encourages backstabbing by less ethical team members Review model discourages work/life balance Lots of failing upward to be seen... Not keeping pace with the incentives provided by other large tech employers Company culture has been eroding steadily for the past 15 years
If you chose the wrong team or wrong manager, you may be upset for doing things does not grow your skill.
The company used to be filled with the smartest people in the world. Now, not so much.
Cloudy days are too many!
Too big, bureaucratic Lots of empire building leading to under-performers getting hired for jobs that they are not qualified for People who just don't care about what they're building If you work in the Silicon Valley office, communication/coordination issue with HQ and frequent traveling up to Redmond
Review model. I was competing with other admins at my level for a good review. In my organization you had to watch your back, keep track of your peers slip ups and their accomplishments to provide feedback for review time. When I returned from maternity leave I was surprised by my review score.  Compensation could have been better.
I don't really like living in Redmond, and there aren't too many opportunities to work in other cities if you are a technical engineer.
A little rigit report lines and team structure. Too many re-organizations.
The annual review system is flawed,
Recent changes in the health plan are difficult. I believe it diminishes the value of the overall Microsoft employment package. The review system is on a curve, so it can be difficult to stay competitive and above the curve. Team situations that are out of one's control can hold you back from an above average review score or from promotion.
Culture has changed, lots of politics and beaurocracy and second guessing
Big organization with lots of hurdles to get things done
I had great respect for Microsoft when I joined. I turned down Google for Microsoft. This is what I get from Microsoft for that.  i) No value to real work. ii) Talk, talk and talk BS. Add politics to it and you will grow. iii) Company is full of managers who are C+ or B+. The only task of these people are play politics, stab on other people and grow. A completely disgusting culture. iv) People with passion for Microsoft are home grown. Typically they are freshers join the company and fed with Microsoft biased videos. These noob's eventually create the creepy culture inside Microsoft. v) Company management dont care for people. They fire people easily for no reason. vi) Don't expect to get a amazing job elsewhere because of MS brand. This is no more respected anymore. Companies like Google or Apple rock in this matter. Work life balance sucks if you are in lower level.  ( LAST one ) Microsoft has a stack ranking system. Its screws up 50% of people even if you are the best. 50% of company is walking dead who hate their job. Now imagine the company with this culture. If you are the best look elsewhere because Microsoft is not for the BEST
difficult to grow, cross-group collaboration challenges and slow career trajectory in Redmond
The cons are the work-life-balance. Most people seem to always be busy and the amount of meetings and email is unreal!
Lots of process in a way to get things done. Hard to get ideas to the management. Usually ideas delivered from management to developers. Many people care about career only.
At times, slow to move due to inertia in established processes and complex organizational setup Benefits have been downgraded
work life balance, stress, review system
Getting big, impersonal, and unwieldy Inefficient - empowerment leads to uncoordinated and wasteful action
1) the worst performance review model ... ever! Encourages competition and backstabbing, not collaboration and a healthy team environment. 2) Deteriorating health benefits 3) Flat stock 4) Poor work life balance.
1. Large company, teams sometimes don't work well together
politics and people are frustrating
Stock is going nowhere, their review process sucks and dog eat dog shop.
Bureaucratic Lack of vision and leadership Incompetent HR Innovation gets low priority
Difficult to let go what it already has and thus difficult innovate sometimes.
* Political... to the absolutely 100% fullest * Review system... changes a lot * Sales compensation model... hit and miss depending depending on quota * Slow to add new products... part of the pains of working with the worlds largest software company * Ability to adjust to SaaS/Cloud paradigms... you will have to take a hit on rev... just have to figure out how to buffer it with more world class ingenuity in product dev!
- You manager has TOTAL control over your destiny, and that includes you future career opportunities within MS, your work/life balance, and virtually everything must be aproved by your manager. It totally up to them to rate you, regardless of your previous ratings. It's up to them to decide that you'r late, even if you're ahead anyone else with your work. The stack review system made it clear where the boundary is for people to turn into a**holes.
Management can be a bit slow to change.
Too big for its own good, opportunity for impact stifled by bureaucracy and politics, for every smart person... there are plenty of bullheaded, egotistical managers who think they've got it all figured out.
Disclosure: I was working on a very old piece of software and had little exposure to some of the newer projects at MS. Furthermore, I found the weather unbearably gloomy (Seattle), which no doubt played a role in my overall dissatisfaction.  Relatively few employees really get to contribute meaningfully (the rest are primarily engaged in useless work). The salary was relatively low. There was no feeling of passion of any kind in 80% of my coworkers. Internal "morale" meetings were a joke.  There is an excessive focus on individual features as opposed to providing a cohesive user experience.
The review system is probably one of the worst I have seen in my career - it makes you totally dependend on your manager. With all the re-orgs you are not always in control of your destiny (aka manager).
needs disruption needs to innovate outside of its comfort zone
Bad management period. There is a reason the company is spiralling down. At middle levels, too much hierarchy to work effectively. Lack of innovation and a lack of charismatic leader, does not inspire cult following like Apple or Google.
lots of org issues, bloated with lots of redundancies
Stack Ranking There are people should never been hired Political Unnecessary Lots of PMs and Testers
very demanding of employee time, often not respectful of work/life balance "reorgs" are a routine and often pointless or net-loss game of management musical chairs can be difficult to navigate within such a huge organization
You have to pay the devil to work there. Evil stack ranking. Narcissistic leaders with little to no ethics are far to easy to find. Retribution is practiced regularly. Simply the most political corporate environment I have ever worked in with the lowest regard for ethics.
Very fat company, difficult to trim the fat.
There are still differences in organizational culture from group to group inside of Microsoft. Unfortunately this healthy heterogeneity is disappearing, and the trend is movement in the wrong direction. Those groups that treat people with respect as individuals and team players versus commodities, that insist on transparency top, down and sideways, and that have strong, collaborative leadership founded on integrity - they are increasingly harder to find. For those groups that lack these characteristics, the annual performance review model is organizationally poisonous, damaging team cohesion, productivity, and employee morale. Team members are distracted from collaboratively delivering business value by necessary attention to political visibility. Problems and delivered solutions may be artificially inflated or worse, manufactured in the interest of management support at review time. Performance management, employee recognition and rewards are all critical management accountabilities in any organization. However, these accountabilities are not best assured by forcing managers to fit their staff review results to a static distribution curve regardless of overall team talent. Careers can end quickly despite an employee's current and long term positive performance track record. If the manager relationship sours, or the employee expresses interest in moving elsewhere in the company, managers will often leverage that employee to fill the poor performance quota. As risk tolerance falls, bureaucracy grows. The increasing administrative burden is further degrading conditions necessary to team agility, efficiency and innovation.
Anual review system, upper management, salary below Market.
Regular RIFs (Reduction in Force) that are labeled "re-organization." RIF-ed positions subsequently become contract positions if they do not disappear altogether. Employees regularly refer to the company as the Titanic: too big a ship to turn around. The place lost it's ability to get things done quickly and is instead just a big, red-tape-y, uninspiring bore. It is NOT the place it was when BillG was there, despite SteveB's enthusiasm for kicking @$$. The stock is as stagnant as the innovating.
Management risk averse and slow in making decision Lacks competetive edge and hunger compared to a startup company
Review Process Work Life Balance Wide Variance from team to team
review system need to improve
The reputation of having worked at MS is diminishing as they aren't viewed as an innovator. The stock isn't risking, so people work to advance themselves over others as a way to get ahead.
* Extremely aggressive culture * Groupism, tendency to not let new people in
work life balance big company politics
Retail is retail, hours are long and change every week. Review is for the retail division, opportunity to advance is rare. Recruitment focuses outside the company not at promoting within.
Middle management at Microsoft is short-sighted and overly reliant on inefficient processes and metrics that do not contribute to the company's long-term success. Talent and teamwork often take a back seat to politics as the people who get recognized or promoted are often the ones who play the "game".
1) CULTURE - Vicious culture if not part of your organization's "club", do not give constructive feedback (see Cons #2), HR will always back management. 2) FORCED RANKING - Forced ranking system (1 - 5), simplified - if you work in a group which has 5 people in your grade band, and all of you kick butt, one will get a score of 1 (or 1+), one a (2), one a (3), one a (4), one a (5 - you suck and are out the door), this is forced ranking, plus the ranking is done before you submit your self-assessment, you are ranked on what your perceived performance is, not actual - essentially, if you are popular with your organization's managers (i.e. part of the club), you will always have a decent to high review score. 3) WORK LOAD - Be perpared to do the actual work of two people by the end of your second year, more than two if you have breadth of abilities, this is due to systemically poor planning and forecasting approaches utilized YoY - why? rock the boat and you'll get slapped with a 4 or 5 rating. 4) WORK/LIFE BALANCE - Only in your first year if you are lucky, good ole boys club members usually have decent work/life balance, MSFT follows the sun, so working across timezones is expected, weekends and holidays for some as well. 5) HEALTH PLAN - The cadillac health plan is a thing of the past and 2013 brings a standard set of limited health plan options, with annual deductables and co-pays. CPO leveraged Obamacare to effect a very significant employee healthcare cost reduction roadmap, high benefit to the CPO's review rating and associated financial benefits at the cost of almost 100,000 "valued" employees.
Large company may not be as agile as smaller firms
Bureaucracy can get in the way of getting stuff done.
Feels like a bit slow when releasing products compared to competitors. But, things are changing.
Marketing and Business side is short term focused Metrics are short term focused Culture is highly political "What can you do for me today" Up or Out HR policies does not allow people who are happy and good at what they are doing to keep doing that successfully Lot of dead wood - specially in management In-bred culture - silo view of the world
Re-org will not fix the problems. Work life balance is no longer acceptable, work more
1. Engineering over indexed to Marketing 2. Siloed groups that compete with one another, and 3. Siloed individuals that compete with one another.  1. One of the teams I was on had a terrific balance between engineering and marketing, however, lately engineers are considered marketers and wow does that not work. There really needs to be a balance between them, but with one central team with a key decision maker.  2 and 3. There still exists the horrible core lack of cooperation, which will not change while the company insists on stack ranking (even though they swear it isnt') their employees. It just will not happen. The internal competition was something that existed from the early days and still manifests in a workforce that is solely focused on serving themselves, groups that see no value in working together but rather push their redundant product/service down the pipeline just 'because,' and thousands of individuals who are not well supervised, wasting money on initiatives that only meet their own specific committments.
Review system is not disappointing.
Yes men, no one wants to stand on their own
become lean and nimble, we are carrying too much baggage in terms of people.
Employees are very competitive employees, but not always competitive in a way that accrues to the company or its products.
Way too much focus on internally-facing activities that don't benefit customers, increase revenue or help you beat competitors
- Not for people who like fast pace and dynamic work environment. Too many processes, too many decision makers, too many layers of talkative managers - Depending on the organization, might be very political and territorial - In my opinion, too many people with no clear contribution to the company. Too many folks roaming, cruising and has settled - Weak leadership from middle managers to higher up. Wrong people in wrong places that slows innovation down
Not agile enough. People are not held responsible.
Politics, no real loyalty to employees, long term trajectory of company is not promising
Performance is very much dependent on constantly completing tasks above and beyond.
1) Lack of engineering processes across teams 2) Some of the technologies are less exciting but have to be around for backwards compatibility
- red tape - upper management disconnected from employees - lack of grand vision so it's hard to map ones job to the company bottom line
Too many reorgs, the unclear business plan, politics. Managers focus more on manage-up instead of managing/understanding the reports
- growing inertia to make tough management decisions. creates a culture of protection and not screwing up instead of seeking new opportunities - little regard or reward for people skills, building a cohesive team - always on-call with work and emails
- Sometimes there are just too much process. - And the review system just promote internal conflict instead of internal harmony IMO. I think the management has yet to show anyone that they are serious about getting product teams work together. - The overall company culture does not promote job/idea exploration within the company. E.g. the overall process of pitching ideas, getting a review of your ideas, and getting resources for ideas are non-existent.
Company is huge so the sense of existence is relatively weaker
Trying to move up in large company is nearly impossible, seems the manager turnover only penalizes the FTE even more because then there no "current advocates" for FTE when it comes time for Annual Review and Stock Award. Annual Review Process is stacked against 80% of the workers. Good people lose in the Annual Review Process.
Bad work hours, competitive bad weather bad roads
- Internal politics - Review system creates competitive, and not collaborative, environment in some cases - Upper management not that great, potentially due to above two points.
Hard to align priorities across teams There are a lot of middle management that is worried about not losing face with their bosses rather than building great products.
Some teams are totally in a mess after a transition of focus to online service - quite a lot of the managers still don't understand what to do in the service world There are a lot of miscommunication and duplicate work which is a waste of resource The new review system is stupid
- Product silos for too long but starting to break them down, not risking-taking enough - Being in the Northwest
Due to its size, there's a lot of employee redundancy and bloat. Too much red tape and working with multiple teams to get very simple tasks completed. Your manager will make or break you here - be sure you get a good one.
Extreme and Agressive competition Challenging environment
Company structure and politics leads to a lot of time wasted and products shipped that show the seams of the company. A SteveB level restructure is needed.
Huge company, can sometimes feel like a number
The job can sometimes move fast, and standing out can be difficult amidst the clutter. This job is software development and systems engineering, not theory or science.
Too big and inefficient, review process results in the loss of very strong employees who had one bad year OR did very well but someone did a little better.
Poor management, bad decisions at upper levels
Review structure, frequent reorgs, experience depends on your management.
1) If you are used to being the smartest and most capable developer in your company, that won't be true anymore. Your coworkers will be just as smart as you. This is hard for some people to deal with. 2) Arbitrary but Darwinian personnel evaluation process. This alienates a lot of good workers. Read the Vanity Fair article for details. 3) It's a really big company, so all the big company ills are present - lots of unnecessary process, empire building, political (character) assassinations in the management ranks.
Test/ and M are mostly overhead.
While MS itself supports many good things, in the end it depends on your team and your manager and you HR.
Being a big company, there is friction between teams, there is not a very effective channel for intra team communication.  Review system is not really transparent
Moving to Washington is just too much.
The work culture is competitive to a fault. The forced stack-ranking causes behaviors that undermine a collaborative innovative environment. Every manager that tried to work around the system was replaced. Most employees move around the company regularly and engineers who try to become deep experts are penalized.
Politics. Suddenly the whole team goes down the drain, and you have to jump off really fast if you don't want to get stuck in sewer for a long time. Compensation is getting less and less competitive with time. Upper management is not very bright or competent, everything worthy is done despite them.
My group had too many layers of management, resulting in a muddy vision and direction.
Walmart mentality at the helm of operations team CEO has stayed too long and is time to go Slipping in consumer's eyes due to lack of leadership and some very visible poor product releases Needs to be more progressive Many of the great HR benefits have been taken away
Everyone has to have an opinion. Curve Flat stock
Slow in motion. Lots of departmental and team politics. You have to rally lots of people around you to get your ideas move forward. Slow in getting a promotion - can take years to bump up one level.
Cross team collaboration is frustratingly difficult
Quite a bit of red tape. Everyone has opinions that really you don't know whether are right or wrong until you test it, but it takes too long to build anything since "everything has to be right". Takes way too long to do something for the same # of people. Also weather in Seattle is a little too gloomy.
work life balance, business changes, reviews, software
Microsoft has become a huge company with lots of internal strife and politics that often get in the way of productivity. The company is no longer innovative or agile, probably due to its size. Management does not value people or tenure.
Not many, management is a pain in the ass
low value for time and career building potential
Everyone seems to be on their own now. Hard to find anyone to mentor you or help because you are competing against everyone else. True collaboration is rare.
Stocks not growing , quality of people dropping , not clear focus of direction
Corporate is quite political and based on a stack ranking where those who do not know you or your work are giving your compensation and reviews. This means that you're spending quite a bit time building and managing your "self brand" and managing those around you and especially above you. Those that can play politics well will do well, however it does not mean that the best ideas make its way to the top. It my belief that the main reason is that the company has a significant amount of bloat with layers upon layers of people who are trying to justify their role. This was not always the case - certainly not the case when I joined nearly 14 years ago (I was there for 11 years and left three years ago).
MS is becoming stagnant and promotions are becoming more and more difficult as each year passes particularly in the core groups like Windows and Office. If you are not an overachiever, prepare to be quickly filtered out. Work life balance is becoming an increasing problem as consolidation of resources continues at an alarming rate. MS had a medical plan that was top in the PNW up to 2012 but thanks to "Obamacare", has joined the "meh" category.
- Slow decisions, lot of overhead due to various internal processes and reviews which are unnecessary. - Career growth has begun to slow down across the board as company is not growing much - Bloated, lots of roles (especially in Marketing) are totally unnecessary, there is also a lot of overlap.
Some degree of internal politics, but that's unavoidable.
Many unfriendly team members Strange work mentality  The work environment is very unfriendly. Even though you are in teams, everybody at Microsoft really looks out for themselves.
Some major misses in management selection.
the constant rain is a nuisance
It has become frustrating how hard it is to get things done - lots of politics. And I'm disappointed that we have fallen behind the strategy curve lately against Google and Apple with regards to tablets.
1) Experience tends to be fairly manager-specific. Unfortunately managers do *not* seem to get much course correction if they don't manage well, and most people end up rotating to other teams. 2) Decision-making and course-commitment is fairly challenging. Analysis and feedback can continue unchecked with no specific outcome (or accountability for stalling the process). This leaves smart people disillusioned and jaded.  Note: Culture can vary from division to division. Xbox group is rumored to be quite good.
Too much bureaucracy actually makes individual contributors less productive. Also, in past 10 years, the company has invested so much in mobile and search but the results are really unsatisfactory. Hope things will change little bit.
The food is pretty bad. (Yes, that's really the worst thing about working here.)
Work-life balance, stack ranking system
Beauracracy and politics can get in the way. Management tries to claim this isn't a problem or that they are doing things about it,but they are never effective.
-Decision-making needs to be more agile in order to catch up to competitors. Because of the many divisions at Microsoft, there's a fair amount of bureaucracy/politics -Stack-ranking employees (i.e. top 20%, bottom 10%) within teams hurts morale, esp. in high-performing teams -Cafeteria food not nearly as impressive as other tech companies/startups
hours are demanding, complexity is high
Collaboration between divisions can be difficult.
Strange Culture, out of touch with regular people. Most everyone acts like they are better than the rest of the world.
Broken review system, employees are encouraged more to manage perception and focus more on "what can make me look good" rather than being encouraged to focus on building world class customer experiences. Too much time spent worrying about prettying up presentations to appease senior management and not enough time spent by the same senior management to keep a pulse on organizational health.
Some senior leaders don't like to change their way of thinking, style of work etc and this hurts. Esp in today's agile and ever-changing environment, you cease to learn new if you are unwilling to change the way you think and work.
Repeated illegal attacks on its own employees - Discrimination and Retaliation are common management practices Violations of Title VII and the Fair Employment Housing Act Dishonest HR department Corruption still exists in many departments for financial crimes and antitrust violations
Terrible philosophy on performance management - survival of the fittest, enforced performance curve with periodic cleansing, where the tail of the curve must leave the company, and most of the other get unfair reward. As a result people compete with each other and not with other companies.
There is no company mission except make more money. Career management basically means developing a useless skill of positioning yourself to have "visibility" and "impact". Especially pronounced at GPM or equivalent level.  If you're in the big groups (Windows/Office/STB), the build systems knowledge doesn't carry over very well. They use a hacked up version of perforce for source control and branching and integration is extremely expensive. Continuous integration simply isn't feasible yet on a system of that size (though private builds and replacing individual DLLs at certain layers is possible).
Depending on the group(s) you're in but some groups practice discrimination and only hired their own kind of people (ie..East Indian People).
Hyper competitive company culture that is not conducive to collaboration and team work. Annual stack ranking philosophy can result in moving good people out of teams/departments, thus shifting team momentum.
Takes time to get things done
Senior executive leadership, performance system, stack ranking, mandatory 5% attrition and an additional 10% of ruined careers, breeding a culture of mediocrity
Requires an enormous amount of your time to be effective, so there's little real work/life balance. The performance review process is overly political, pits you against your peers (causing some to be less willing to help you or take credit for things they didn't do), and your ability to do well tends to be tied quite closely to your manager's standing in the management team, and your manager's effectiveness in fighting for you in stack rankings.
Organizationally overwhelming. 8k marketers. The old joke is there are 5 people somewhere trying to do your job. Politically charged environment. Most managers and above are more interested in their personal success than the companies.
We're not exactly the leaders in the consumer segment right now and what's worse is that we are probably a generation behind in tablets and smart phones, when we really had no reason to be. It's going to be an uphill battle against iOS and Android. Microsoft is still learning how to release products at a fast cadence, something that is critical to being competitive in the industry today. Some groups at Microsoft are not as fast paced as you might like - ask when you interview.
lots of politics Manangers, oraganizations and targets change too frequently
Reorgs take their toll as you can end up with a new manager every few months. With the ranking system in place, it's easy to clash with a new manager who has to 'contribute' someone to the bottom of the ranking and once that happens don't expect to recover - or to find a good job in another group.
Big company, lots of policies, sometimes the process is really slow. You have to deal with lots people and different teams to get things moving.
- Unless you understand the politics behind, you are not going to move up quickly - Even when you do, most of the opportunities are lateral - You are not changing the world, most of the time, you are just making sure it doesn't fall apart
The review process is the worst - it creates a culture of mistrust and fierce, unhealthy competition amongst peers. There seems to be a push to get rid of long term employees, that have always been great performers, in order to "save money" since they make too much after being around for so long. The sales side is now getting horrible reviews (4 or 5) if they don't make 100% of quota and leaving for the competition.
Too much of the all smaller product lines exist to help sell the larger product lines mentality. Stack ranking is creating a culture of people that do not work together, but instead work just to get ahead of their colleagues. Too Redmond focused--field promotions and opportunities are harder to find outside of there.
We often work, including during off-time. Totem rating is often unfair, as it rewards those with tenure and typically punishes those who are new or not vocal.
Stack ranked review system. Constant peer competition, and not collaboration.
insular, internally focused, culture is one of complacency. Inept management all the way to the top, poor review system, one is judged by how well the political game is played, not by work done or accomplishments.
Process, Multi-matrixed organization with limited collaboration
Low innovation value for customers. Intensely political and bureaucratic. Not a great culture for professional sales people. The company is focused on technology, not customers. The senior management has been there too long. They need a new crop of leaders who are willing to overthrow the old orthodoxy in favor of a new, customer-centric path of innovative products.
It has all of the typical challenges of a large company - difficulty in making decisions. In addition, Microsoft is just learning how to coordinating across divisions.
Politics, somewhat cut throat review system.
Hideous review system that forces managers to unjustly punish perfectly good employees. This creates politics and backbiting that is totally unnecessary. Also, the bureaucratic maze can be deadening – much effort gets wasted in useless meetings, but I suppose this is true in any 100k+ size company.
**harassment and hostile (boy's club) but they were trying to grow out of it (unlike so many companies today that encourage that behavior and then cover up any culbability if someone goes public). **tendency for upper management to follow rather than lead and ignore innovations (like new UI's that were already ready to go before iPhone was even thought of, or great new architectures for 3D that were super fast on regular PCs but the project was killed because some PM took over who wanted the devs for his DB project!), i.e. petty empire building **tendency to treat some groups or contractors as second-class, dime a dozen people (destroys teamwork and makes good people leave the profession, further diluting the quality talent pool of contractors or other groups like writers and testers (I was there before the class action suit that resulted only in MS changing to A- and V-, i.e. a loophole, rather than better treatment of its contingent staff).) **terrible evaluation methods where the bar is always raised and the employees are made to feel like they are terrible (soul-destroying in order to convince good workers that they should never leave, i.e. they'd never get a job elsewhere and MS only keeps them out of the goodness of it's heart...yes, I was told this and found out the contrary when I got angry at such manipulation) **fear management, fear environment in many groups **unrealistic schedules where you are told to build something in half the time the estimates say, and if you don't meet that schedule you will be scapegoated come review time. I refused to sign off on such a schedule but was overruled by my manager. when we shipped the product (to great reviews by the way), I was given a poor rating at review time for missing the schedule dates (we actually hit exactly on the schedule I had created as the realistic one) and for 'not being a team player because I argued with my manager about such things' He even created items that were false to add to my review. I left. He stayed and the group was finally dissolved by upper management because it was doing such a horrible job on the following projects. He was kept and supported, given good reviews, by upper management (to avoid having to explain his actions). **horrible managers allowed to stay there (see above story) **expectation that you will do 60-90 hour weeks, and will get dinged at review time if you dont (you would be anyway if you weren't the manager's friend or fav)  still given what I hear from former coworkers regarding the past ten years and currently, this was 'the good old days'
too many reorgs and hard to advance your career in some teams
Some of the most prevalent downside of most large organizations also exist at Microsoft. For example, bureaucracy and political positioning are normal parts of many roles at Microsoft.
There are so many different moving parts and groups, it can be hard to find the "right" team and project where you feel like you are making a difference. It's common to have people get there and stay, so there are a lot more principals running around these days. So much of what you need to get done requires dependencies on other teams which can sometimes lead to projects not finishing because your P1 feature was a P2 for the other (and bigger) team.
Hard to truly impact product decisions, review process is tricky
ultra-intense political management environment. all management in premier services very political and play favorites - not a level playing field by any stretch. toxic culture if you don't tow the "daily" line. middle management clueless about day to day operations/challenges. metrics change weekly and no long term focus
Getting too political and slow. Too much talking. In spite of all the work we have done, we do not seem to get the fire on consumers. Stock is stagnant, Redmond centric (50% of work force works there).
too few to mention, it was a great place to work and I enjoyed it until I got burned out on the phones. My getting tired of support calls wasn't a Microsoft issue.
progress sometimes is slow due to company/team size not always easy to find a good team
The stack ranking and review system is awful. All it takes is one bad manager, or the sudden loss of a good manager, to quickly go from being a star to a low-ranked candidate on the way out the door. Microsoft has lost many, many excellent, dedicated employees due to the current review system.
Review System- it has become more important to "manage your career" than create great products Review System- Promotes back stabbing and an unhealthy, toxic work environment Bloated software products that no longer delight the industry Horrible software licensing system Engineering "silos" of developer/test/program management which are ineffective and inefficient  I left Microsoft after 13 years. For the first 11 years, I received excellent performance evaluations. Then, when the review system changed, I suddenly found myself to be rated a poor performer- despite being the only person in my group to actually deliver a feature that shipped! Once you get a bad review, you are labeled as such and a comeback is extremely unlikely. I decided to leave before enduring more undeserved humiliation. I now work on open source software, and have replaced all of my windows based devices and software with open source, Apple, and Android equivalents. This turned out to be much easier than expected- leading me to realize that Microsoft is becoming increasingly irrelevant.
The calibration system on a curve does not motivate managers to build great teams. It actually forces employees to compete against each other which does not build strong teams. They need less product pushing and more storytelling from the customer's point of view.
Losing the trust in your employees. Micromanagement is now the standard instead of trust.
Lot of bureaucracy to get your ideas through
Very political, reviews graded on a strict curve so even if the whole team rocks someone has to be on the bottom. If working on a service you must be on call 24/7 for 2 week periods throughout the year. You feel like the even when you're at home the job never ends.
Management structure has stifled the company's ability innovate and doesn't allow individual creativity and ingenuity to flourish and contribute to the product. It's easy to get pigeon-holed in a specific role. As a result, you have to be willing to change groups every couple of years if you want to make sure you don't get bored and you continue to receive the compensation you deserve.
Unlimited access to processed foods, not enough workspace, disjointed teams, the org is too big, so people don't know who does what outside of immediate team (sometimes true even within team), lots of overtime, lots of manipulation, lots of hiring contractors cheaply and then treating them poorly, once overheard senior management refer to a problem as "gay", lack of professionalism in many areas...
The compensation system encourages employees to compete with each other and this leads to all kinds of tension, stress, and behaviors that ultimately hurt Microsoft. Windows 8 may have hurt Microsoft at a very deep level.
Review system is counter-productive to innovation, morale, cooperation, and retention of top talent. Company's size makes it slow to change process towards something more nimble and competitive. Regular workers often fall victim to executive turf wars. While MS claims to be moving towards "product focus" and "valuing design," very few people on senior leadership team truly understand what this means and are able to manage this change appropriately, despite its marketing, it's still a deeply entrenched engineering company. Terrible work/life balance.
It's a bureaucratic organization where it is hard to innovate. In many cases, bad management decisions result in poor products being released that don't necessarily provide the user with any benefit.
It's a very big company, and there can be differences in work culture cross divisions.
The Review system is counterproductive, Managers are not trained to bring out the best in their staff , projects that get the plug pulled before they get a chance to prove out, Mean people win out
Too much hierarchy - this sometimes takes too long to make a decision.
Top heavy, everyone trying to get to high level jobs instead of doing their jobs. Higher levels taking credit for work done by their employees. Very internally focused, MS competes more internally than it does externally.
due to years of stagnant growth, it is increasingly difficult to move up the ladder. Make sure you are happy with the job you start in, because stories about moving jobs after 18 months are largely untrue.
hard to leave this company
Culture is definitely changing It's up to you to "manage your career" and find good work-life balance
The culture is highly political. Employees are promoted based on politics (READ: the ability to kiss ass) rather than talent as an attorney. In fact, if you are interested in actually doing your job well and being an honest employee and team player, you can pretty much bet that you'll spend your career in the bottom rungs of the department getting the shaft from the dirtbags who get promoted over you. As a result, the senior levels in the department are filled with vicious backstabbing idiots and the culture is pretty much the equivalent of that you'd find in the arena at the Hunger Games. Everyone is out for themselves and eager to find a team member to offer up for sacrifice as one of the mandatory bottom 10% under-performers required for each review period.  The work isn't challenging-- a chimp could do most of it as its based on using templates and following instructions on the "One LCA" Intranet site. You'll spend 90% of your time filling out forms or copying word-for-word the recommended response to a client question posted on the Intranet.
There is no check/balance to ensure you and your manager are compatible
Size of the company increasing cycles to get things done
In two words: the culture and the management. Performance reviews have been honed to a system that pits people against each other like on Survivor and people do lose their jobs because of it. Management and bureaucracy are stifling due to size and politics. If you're coming from outside Microsoft, their idea of work-life balance will shock you. And at this point, management seems dangerously out of touch.
Lots of management politics. To succeed here you must leave your role every 2 years or so.
Can be a bit political
Microsoft is not paying enough to employees compared to other companies.
Most v1 products are a lot of fun to work on. When a product team gets bigger, then the processes that come with it are pretty tedious. With bigger groups, you also get a high level of office politics where folks start engaging in micro-one-upmanship that be pretty damaging to the long term health of the product.
Employees too competitive contributing to a very tense work environment Horrible appraisal process Tendency to pigeon hole people in roles and responsibilities, thus limiting their opportunities Recruit the "best" people, very bright and hard workers, and then tell them they are average
The Dynamics division of Microsoft which represents the 2000 acquisition of Great Plains and 2002 acquisition of Navision has yet to completely feel like what I understand the experience to be in other divisions of Microsoft. The biggest thing I noticed is the leadership. There are many that are not the caliber of professional you would expect from a VP or GM of Microsoft.  The strategy of the Dynamics division is like dealing with an ADHD child. High-level strategy can change as soon as every six months and mid-level strategy can change as often as every quarter.  I have worked at Microsoft twice. The first time was as an employee of one of the above-mentioned acquisitions they made. It was one of the worst experiences of my professional career mainly due to the fact that Microsoft executive management allowed only one of the two ERP companies they acquired to manage the entire division and did not police them at all. My supposedly strategic team of 18 was laid off a few years later.  About 5 years later I found myself back at Microsoft Dynamics division with information that the internal product fighting was gone, so I thought it would be safe. Unfortunately the top management of my particular group was horrible and after two years I decided to leave again. I recently heard that HR finally acted on three years of negative feedback on these managers from their employees and removed them from power, but it was too late for me and many others.  The worst thing that applies to all of Microsoft is their annual review methodology. Each team manager is required to pick a percentage of their team for a high score, a percentage for a medium score and another percentage for a low score. Even if a manager had a team of superstars they would be forced to grade this way. It creates a lot of back stabbing and politics.  One last irritating thing is the blind loyalty they expect everyone to have toward their products. I understand the importance of supporting your employer by purchasing their products, but what if they produce inferior products? When the iPod first came out it was an unspoken taboo to own an iPod and not a Zune or some other MP3 player. Later when Microsoft got into the cell phone business they became very anti iPhone and Android. If they caught you with one you would no longer get your monthly $100 phone allowance even though Microsoft has absolutely sucked in this market.  Overall Microsoft is not the worst place to work and is probably great for some people (it certainly looks impressive on a resume), but I will not return there.
Slow growth at work, Less people management opportunities but lot of technical challenges, process oriented.
Upper management can be oblivious, senior people laid off to bring in junior ones at much lower rate.
None, great place to work. No complaints.
Typical meeting had 10-15 people all with laptops open reading email, ignoring the topic at hand as they usually had no "say" and were just in the loop so as to spread responsibility. Very bureaucratic.
It is only a shadow of its former self. The engineering processes have matured and the rot of excessive management makes it a living hell.
Too many processes slow down the time to market.
Microsoft owns the end to end stack. When you look for jobs elsewhere all your tech experience is useless.
Company culture encourages taking big risks, but if you fail you pay the price.  Review system positions co-workers against each other. To succeed too much time is needed to play the political game instead of doing the work. Performance reviews are too heavily weighted on Managers opinions and peer feedback, not on the work. I would not work again in a company that had this type of review system.
The review model and often too much MBA-type theory and measurement happening and not enough action.
There can be excessive bureaucracy that comes with working for a large company. Management can be limited in their authority to "make things happen" in some situations. The work environment is very flexible and extremely positive.
Lots of legacy stuff to deal with
The place needs faster decision making and less Beauracracy
None... I sbso.lutely LOVE this company
ability to move up. very politically motivated.
Difficult to innovate Have yet to see the changes needed for the company to be great again Yet to figure out how to deal with open source and cloud/big data
At time, slow decision making processes.
Benefit landscape is changing Pockets of leadership where the company values aren't realized
Work-life balance not always the best, location is relatively expensive. Quality of management depends largely on the team you are in.
Almost everything these days is downside. The worst part of the company is its senior management--their strategy and executional ability is terrible. The company has an awful HR culture--no matter what HR represents, everything above level 65 is political and based on the subjective opinion of some inept VP. Great place to start your career. Leave at level 63.
Politics can get in the way of allowing employees and the right people to help advance the company
Lot of bureaucracy/politics, lack of good managers who can direct, guide and bring up their people.
Changing to open offices which provide less space of working
some times feels too big and too hard to get things out of the door
Too Big, it can pros for employee looking for alternative work. Some groups has too many vendors
no check and balance for horrible managers MS Poll results largely ignored lots of power grabbing amongst individuals trying to make a name for themselves
they really force you to drink their kool-aid. I also hated having to attend annual/semi-annual irrelevant events. Middle management was very questionable--many focused too much on numbers instead of bringing out the best in their direct reports. Claim to support diversity but still a very male, white or asian company.
Lots of politics in the workplace.
Managers are IC's with little time to manage resources and the Culture has been spiraling downhill for some time. It is still possible to get into a great team but you need to be very careful to pick the right one.
An ageist, cost cutting culture backed up by HR-by-rote, stack ranking with a forced curve and self congratulatory politics sucks the life out of you
- Performance rating system can be improved
No Cons about Microsoft Corporation
A little too focussed on process and measurement and not enough focus on the Customer and Competions Culture still too much based on individual accountabily and heros not enough reinforcement through compensation for teamwork
Stack rank system is terrible  My manager was terrible  I was put into a team very different from what I really wanted, and this was done without my knowledge. I had no choice.
Very uneven work/life balance across the company. A lot depends on a team, and a manager. Review system (as of 2012) creates unhealthy rush to avoid getting the bottom 2 ratings (which 20% of the people HAVE to receive). It's next to impossible to go anywhere in the company with a bad rating.
Highly political work environment. After working for over an year, you will realize that brilliance alone won't get you through going on to the next level.  Managers highly advocate the concept of independent work rather than team work. I've had one manager asking other team members to not help me in my work so that I start working independently (really ??).  Bad performance review system - Stack ranking is fine. But there is a concept of being visible across teams. Doing well and exceeding expectations in your team isn't enough. You need to be able to impress managers in other teams to get a better rating / promotions during annual performance calibrations.  Very high turnover (in this office specifically) - Mainly due to the internal politics and the review system. The other thing is management will make you work those extra hours when people leave or when other teams lose resources. But don't expect to get rewarded for working those extra hours. Those activities do not fall in the category of being visible across other teams.  Work/life balance - Management keeps discussing about this every year during the MS Polls if the results are bad. I haven't seen any concrete steps in this direction, atleast till i worked there.  Skill set development - If you are working as an SDET, it might be a bit difficult to develop skill sets which are marketable outside. Most of the tools/technologies used are internal to microsoft and hardly any are used outside microsoft, except C# / .NET  Underskilled managers - MS needs to do some work on hiring good managers. Some of them are just there based on the amount of years spent in the company and may not be good at coaching ICs. If you get a good manager, you might be in luck and may have a better experience working here.
If you are not considered one of "their own", you are not treated that well, even if your talents or skills are better than some MSFT employees. Seemingly lots of opportunties to move within the company, but it's not that easy and you pretty much have to know other people on other teams to make that happen.
Review model makes this a place where only the most agressive and competitive can suceeed.
Competitive review process Too big to move fast
Microsoft attracts and promotes managers who are narcissistic, hyper-competitive, and often unethical. If you happen to get one of these managers, you will suffer greatly.  Like many large companies, Microsoft has a peer-review system that drives a gang-like type of social behavior amongst its employees. Often, the most successful employees are experts at manipulating their coworkers (and measuring loyalty). Such a system is the bane of employees who are inventive, productive, and intellectually honest. Good people simply cannot survive in such an atmosphere.  New employees are instructed to watch a series of training videos where a major theme is: "No employee can be penalized for behaving ethically." This is completely false. There are no systems in place to protect employees who behave ethically. If your manager is evil, you will likely be penalized for behaving ethically.  Also, what the hell is an SDET anyway? Are you kidding me?
The review system is a stack rank. This means that good employees must be put into the bottom rung... someone's got to be in the bottom rung. I always did well come review time, but just the fact that it is run this way really undermines the collaboration and creativity that could exist at Microsoft. A very small number of folks are self serving jerks that will step on folks to work this system. Everybody else is just unsure of who to trust and fearful of making mistakes that will be held against them. People play it safe or work crazy hours to offset the failure associated with prototyping. Every talk I have with every manager I've ever had there is all about how I can 'get visibilty'. It's not about how I can do a better job, or learn something new.
High stress and lots of politics. It can be quite difficult to advance once you reach the higher levels. Even with tens of billions in the bank, there is little sense of job security -- your project may be canceled at any time, and it is your responsibility to find an alternate work group or you are let go.
They promote work-life balance but in words only. The employees who get recognized at all-hands meetings are those who worked 60 hour weeks and never took time off.
-Stack ranking: Forced curves -bureaucracy: sometimes you have to work your way to avoid bureaucracy -internal politics: personal achievement sometimes becomes more important than customer needs
Managers make or break your experience - no consistency across managers management skills, experience, expectations. Micromanagement is common.
1. Politics 2. Lack of vision
Windows, windows, windows...all rotates around the Windows platform vs. innovating and leading the market.
poor work life balance and you need to be really outstanding to survive. You need to be very independent and manage your own career all kinds of systems are very confusing to newhires
Internal politics truly Machiavellian It's a better place for either junior people starting their career or for the so-called "partner" level people (L68 and over) For those of us crowded at the upper director, senior director roles, it's pretty ugly and there's a lot of people leaving or planning to at that level. Very few career opportunities to advance for people with experience. Uninspired executives Totally Redmond-centric, not really a global company
A large company means things flow top down, means a lot of teams to coordinate with, means cost cutting, means beaurocracy and less autonomy. There is still the old-boys club mentality though it is slowly changing. Not very many women at the top, especially in engineering.
political culture, back biting employees,
New health care plan after Obamacare implemented a 40% tax on Cadillac plans.
tough and very competitive performance model.
Work life balance is a joke unless you are very tight with your manager. Manage your own career, Microsoft will not love you.
The big company politics is suffocating. Too many useless senior folks who do less product work and more politics. Brown nosing has taken an art form!!
excessive process and slower rate of getting things done. the review system is confusing and sometimes rewards visibility more than effort
it's a big company and takes a lot of meetings to get things done. The review model pretty much is a bummer. Good is rarely good enough. If you do the job you were hired to do and do it well, you will only get an average review.
A not-invented-here mentality. The company is split into fiefdoms that look out for themselves first. The CEO, Steve Ballmer, is a clown with no vision, inspiration, or appeal. No cool perks like at Google: no free food, no massages, no campus bicycles, no 20% time, etc. There's a stink of stagnation and irrelevance. You have to use Windows and Microsoft tools (no UNIX terminal or programs). Huge wastes of time: dependencies are often constructed in parallel, and the stuff you need just isn't there yet (contrast this to an iterative approach). Most tools are home grown and not supported very well. No Git or other decentralized version control, it's like CVS or SVN, but a worse Microsoft version. Terrible Sharepoint wiki software used for internal wikis. Often times, some internal tool doesn't work, and you have no idea who to talk to.
Usually young people are hard to take challenging work. Promotion is mainly based on how long you have worked here. Hard to get promotion quickly, especailly in some old teams, like Windows, Office.
Being a mature company some of us may be complacent?
Process oriented and management is not technical enough.
Slow paced, stupid processes, huge company - responsibility is limited for new hires. Poor managers can screw your career.
Very hard to get promoted, lots of red tape
Curve review system for FTE that forces managers to give high performing members of their org a bottom score. Mandatory attrition.
Contentious performance review model - visibility gets rewarded more than collaboration.
1. Growth determined by who you know, not what you do 2. Developers are given preference over test and PM 3. Too much red tape
Major Management Problems, A review system that makes you want to leave Microsoft.
Cross-team collaboration is difficult. Just like any other large organization, there is too much unnecessary process, but it depends on the team. Necessity to look after yourself almost too aggressively to achieve promotions.
There was not much opportunity for advancement within my group for me (I was interested in pursuing software development rather than management) and it was hard to break into other groups, even though I had received consistently high performance reviews. Although I felt qualified, I was unable to land any positions that interested me in the Seattle area and ended up leaving the company so that I could continue to grow.
- Slow to innovate on the consumer market - Lack of internal collaboration and unified strategy between different business - Lack of unified customer experience - Crappy performance evaluation model
Frequent and disruptive re-organizations, employee calibration system forces a ranking curve so every year 20% of employees receive a low ranking regardless of their contribution.
Extremely political and not very innovative. Work life balance is a struggle on most teams/organizations. While there are some good pockets within the company, constant re-orgs create too much churn.
Only join the Windows, Xbox, and Phone teams. Few other teams are promoting. Join one of the teams that Microsoft is seriously betting on for the long term of the company. The other teams are not given as much priority or budget for growth and promos.
Too many groups doing similar things. No consolidation of efforts
Matrix organization can make it difficult to move projects forward when trying to build consensus across so many. Too easily silo'd into one area or domain of work when you want to grow your span of influence.
Too big a company and too many re-orgs. It hampers an individual contributor's growth. You will be learning Microsoft technologies a lot. These doesn't help if you look for opportunities outside Microsoft. You will basically be a person who knows only about Microsoft technologies and nothing about open source technology stack. A Microsoft engineer might not be that highly regarded in other big companies simply because of the technologies learnt while in Microsoft. Another issue is that you will be as good as your lead projects you in front of everyone else. So if your lead doesn't like you, you are screwed. This lead might not be the one who interviewed you and hired you because of re-org. So basically it is something like you interviewed for team A, but when you join, because of re-orgs you end up working for team B and totally different person who you did not meet during the interview time. Another thing is SDET career is not good at all. Anyone who joins as SDET is just wasting career here.
Sometimes there can be too little willingness to take risks and a bit too much bureaucracy
- After the design phase, you focus on very narrow stuff which limits your learning. - Good visible projects are assigned based on your relation to level-2 managers. If the relation is good, then you get good projects and good reviews. Otherwise, you are screwed. - Technical excellence is not the key in survival, but communicating every single item you work on to anybody and everybody plus courting them. Sometimes, it is just too corny. - Try to move to Project Manager (fastest promotions) or to developrment (2nd fastest promotions), and avoid test as it will affect your job seeking afterwards.
Organizationally, Microsoft is top heavy- few do the legwork which is largely done by vendors --contrast this to Amazon where each employee does their outward-facing work (Amazon is, however burning out their employees so there is a balance somewhere).  Microsoft has long had too much consensus-based decision-making which slows the company down.
Bureaucratic, engineering practices lag industry standards in many teams, the organization is anything but lean, there are plenty of leeches.
Politics across teams, lack of sharing information to be effective, performance system leaves 60% of the company frustrated which impacts productivity, difficult to be agile in your role.
Adapting to change isn't always easy (reorgs can be confusing to navigate), there's often an underlying tension about performance reviews, and we have quite a bit of room to grow when it comes to collaborating across organizations.
- Smaller pay than other big companies in the field - Some benefits that others offer (like free food) are not seen - Some teams have a lot of process to follow, which slows them down
1. Review process and calibration curve appears to favor and disfavor employees due to politics 2. Calibration curve results in limited partnerships/collaboration among peers in same band 3. My pet peeve: nearly all parking spaces are marked "compact" so SUVs regularly ding my door
Stack ranking means that you're competing with your team members, which strongly inhibits teamwork.
if Promos and pay are you thing - this is not a fast paced young company - so temper expectations
+ Image/perception + Businesses could leverage each other more + Typical politics, but doesn't feel worse than other large companies
Windows phone is very political and certain groups within windows phone more so. Lots of emails and noise. too much rat race stuff like send more emails and ppts to be visible. Not much flexibility in certain groups. Do what your boss tells ya or suffer the consequences. Stack ranking review system causes people to sometimes worry about themselves and also causes good employees to fall in low ratings. You cannot move groups within microsoft if you have a low rating so if for some reason your manager doesnt like you and gave you a bad rating, you are stuck with him or you quit the company.
There's a lot of bureaucracy. There is a lot of time wasted doing totally useless stuff because the company has way too many people, so everyone is trying to justify their value, but unfortunately, much of the work adds no value to the business.
the complexity of the model driving software and services means people spend so much time in their own realm there is little colloboration
Not very easy to switch groups. Often required to do a full interview loop when switching teams even if its within the same product group.
Slow Growth Too Many Middle Managers and Complex Political Environment
Review model forces employees to compete with each other instead of collaborate. Lots of focus around 'visibility'. Ie. you get rewarded more if you are the loudest person in the room, but not as much about if you are doing great work.
Work-life balance is a challenge. Constant working!
Big company culture so things slow to get done
Very large organization, too many layers!
Still some politicking in circles. Some elements of review are more subjective than they should be.
Long hours, some teams are harder to get onto, just keep bugging them.
Company's strategy may leave you scratching your head at times. Large company means team cultures can vary greatly. You may get stuck on a lousy team or you may be fortunate to work on a great team - likewise with management. Seemingly constant reorgs and office moves. Performance rating system enforces some will get low scores and low or no bonuses.
Stack ranking You have to be very vocal to get your way (isn't that the same everywhere?) and to get a good ranking. Office politics or intra-company politics. Developers are valued more than testers (reflected in schedules where the testing schedule is shortened if developers are late with features) Lots of dependencies with other groups can make it hard to change direction on a product. Sometimes you do things just for show but they don't contribute to the product. Hard to move to development if you started as a tester.
It is not considered cool company with users
- Performance review is bell-curve based - The new (1-5) versus 20/70/10 rating system really blows - From "Senior" band (L63) and above the job is more politics and less working - found that you need to spend almost 50% of your time on "influence" especially the 6 months before review/stack ranking on ensuring your name is "out there" to make sure you don't get screwed at review time - For an IT company, a lot of the internal IT systems totally suck so you can spend half a day just to order a new keyboard - Your career's trajectory is closely aligned to your managers and your managers manager (skip level), if you join a group where the principle / director has already been at MS forever and is on cruise mode then expect your career isn't going to go very far - If you don't like the job you are in, you need manager approval (I've never seen it given) to switch jobs in your first 18 months in the role. Even for new hires, you can just quit and join another company without repaying sign-on etc after 12 months, so this leads to a lot of people leaving after 366 days - no motivation of your manager to find the "best job" for you in Microsoft, they only focus on who is in their team... so, some star performers join the org but get trapped in a job that isn't the most suited for them which gets them disgruntled and out the door: rather than fighting for them to get a job where they could make a real difference and impact for MS - lots of Program Managers, lots of Marketing speak, lots of perception management and a lot less engineering than I expected. - Microsoft doesn't pay stellar wages and as such you may find you're not working with the sharpest tools in the shed in some teams... although there ARE _some_ really smart people around - a lot of old timers just hang around because they have >$20k annual stock vests and don't have the hunger or motivation to do great things... it's very 9-5, which is good if you just want a cruisy job, but not if you want to go to a pumped up tech company: in this case go with Google or Facebook.
Slow release cycle, product decisions often made by group consensus which makes the product less interesting. Product roadmap often reactionary to industry
Overtimes and high level of responsibility
In my last 2 1/2 years at MS, I had 5 different managers. For me, I just wasn't good enough at playing the politics and promoting myself well to do well at the calibrations, and while I was never an underperformer, I was a consistent 3 rating and it was clear that no matter how hard I worked I wasn't going to do better than that. After I began to get pressured because I had been in my current level too long, I realized that the Microsoft program just wasn't for me. I left and am now doing consulting work, where I get paid for overtime and can choose projects and employers that interest me, and do the type of work I enjoy without having to get bogged down in politics or review process. I'm glad to put MS on my resume as the experience was valuable, but the culture there is a better fit for someone who is ambitious and wants to move up the corporate ladder.
some co-workers are immature. Sometimes management gets impatient.
- Review system is terrible - Leads and managers are good politicians rather than good engineers - Lots of politics - Good work doesn't necessarily translate into rewards - Senior leadership is a huge failure
Brutal review system. Internal politics can get in the way of getting work done.
High risk of anything you do
Individual smaller team cultures are diminishing a bit as everything in the company is ending up under Office or Windows and being more tightly integrated. This is compounded by elimination of business owners in favor of the 'functional model.'
- The sheer size of the company can sometimes limit growth opportunities. - Not every team is cutting edge
- Lots of politics and bureaucracy get in the way. - The review process is dependent on how you are perceived, not really based on what you do.
A once great company destroyed by internal politics, mean-spirited, incompetent management and an overall toxic culture. What you can do and deliver has no bearing on success, rather how good you are at sucking up to your leadership and keeping your mouth shut determines your future.
-Massive Bureaucracy to get anything done. 6 HR people, 9 middle managers, 4-5 direct managers to report to. - Stack ranking performance reviews. Regardless of how well you do, you can always be ranked lowest in order to get someone else a bonus. - Upper management frequently makes decisions to increase their bonus, rather than for the good of their own employees, career or the product they're working on. - Yearly reviews take up a good 80 hours of time to complete, as you rate yourself, your co-workers and managers in massive questionnaires.
Microsoft is becoming very bureacratic in larger busines groups, smaller business groups have trouble surviving if they do not have a CVP with clout. Manager positions change rapidly and business planning/execution is done on annual cycle so only what gets done during a single year (really 6 months) counts. Then plans and priorities are rewritten.
too many processes, bureaucratic, too much pressure
too much politics, competitive review model...
Lots of politics and a maturing company means there's not as much opportunity to advance
Decreasing job satisfaction and autonomy, chaotic, highly political
boring because only use the same equipment everyday, no travel because all task must do online, not adventure because not have pressure
Microsoft is a big machine with a software production line mentality and quality is often de-prioritized. It is so wealthy that money is wasted, especially in IT. Management is given full authority to disregard the health and well being of their direct reports and HR no longer represents the non-manager employees.
tough, competitive environment, long commute,
Layer upon layer of insidious bureaucracy, fifedoms, and in-fighting kills opportunity. The only thing the company does consistently is miss it's window of opportunity. The current review model is meant to remove the bottom 10% every year, do the math on that, after year one, the middle becomes the bottom and thus.
Different teams have vastly different cultures It is important to understand that and find right opportunities
Each year, there seems to be more process and administrative hurdles to deal with. So much time is spent getting everyone to buy off on everything that it has become difficult to get anything done. This squashes innovation as well. The review system is dysfunctional.
Management is hellbound to cut costs and doesn't care about their employees High pressure and stress to "compete with your teammates", working as a team is not encouraged by policy and actions
- Process heavy, can be worse depending on your team. - Slow moving even in areas where they cannot afford to be
Several people in leadership roles acted like children much of the time. Corporate VP was a loud mouth who had a permanent strain in his arm from patting himself on the back for work other did. GM in my group was so biased that I was amazed at her conduct. I'm glad I'm no longer there.
It's large and moves slow if your passionate about what your doing. It's hierarchical and you have to be willing to play that game if you want to move up in your career. It can lul you to sleep in your job if you do not pay attention.
Work Life Balance Too much stress constant Re-org
It is a large company.
#1 Depending on which group you are in, the business cycle is around 3 to 4 years, you will have a very demanding peak period. For Dev it is the "death march" in the last 3 to 6 months (to year) before RTM, for CSS, Premier, and HR it is 3 to 6 months after RTM. - Just learn to ride the wave... whatever cycle your business rides, find it, accept it, and keep your feet underneath you. It will level off in 6 to 9 months.Morale always drops, don't get caught in that wave, it will make your time miserable. Keep your chin up, keep your balance, and you can acctually rise up quickly during the high tide.  #2 Some really bad HR/Pay policies, as a manager I sometimes found this very restrictive in how I could pay for performance. It went from guideline to policy, and took a lot of control a way from the direct managers. Sometime your review rankings would come back down changed from higher level management, and you would have to switch from a "You've been doing great work" to "You need to step it up", simply because higher management tweaked the budget somewhere.
- Pockets of bureaucracy (depends a lot on the team) - Performance review system does not empower managers to do what is right for each employee - Organizational structure with Dev/Test/PM leaders for each area can lead to conflicting priorities / values
less exciting, corporate mindset and huge corporate structure
Very large company that can sometimes get in its own way
I worked as part of a small remote team which had become part of Microsoft via an acquisition. My team and I found that if you don't live in Redmond or Bellevue, it's much harder to feel included as part of the larger team and very hard to be promoted or recognized for your full contribution. They had a ranking-style "bucket" review system that meant that someone always had to be put in the "bottom bucket", an awkward situation for any manager. My team and I found that our manager preferred to put his out-of-towners in those bottom buckets, and it was harder for us to defend ourselves against this action from afar. We had to push to be invited to visit Bellevue or Redmond, and our requests were often delayed or denied, so it seemed like we were held in remote reserve for the convenience of being put in the bottom bucket. We felt like orphans, to be sure. Our boss generally did not like working with remote employees, and we could not have been more aware of that fact. As I was leaving the company, the "bucketing" review system was being phased out, but the overall Redmond-centric vibe in the company is still something to be wary of.
* Forced curve for review model causes great teams to give bad reviews to good employees. Someone could have 15 years of above average reviews and get caught by the curve or a bad manager and is then forced to leave the company because of the stigma and difficulty to work your way out of a bad review. * Many senior leaders are oblivious to the waste and bad decisions of the leaders below them. * Small efficient teams are usually taken over by empire builders that are the cause of most waste. * People are told they are the #1 resource of the company. However, most decisions made that effect the employment of individuals are done without discussions for the people involved. * Many decisions made by management are not data driven.
Today: 96K FTEs, >70K contract employees. Not a sustainable model. In my recent return as contractor, the most critical functions of the group were being outsourced. Not uncommon, and quite unhealthy. I had the impression the company is coasting, vs. augmenting competitive status. Continued difficulty coming up with an eval/comp system that gets the best results, near and long -term. Vision for human capital has become somewhat hidebound - e.g. "once a tech PM, always a tech PM" Culture largely fear-based, which inhibits cooperation, team-building, max creativity and ROI. I saw the worst "back-stabbing" behavior during the two recent contract gigs - quite noticeable. Loss of strategic vision, especially technological, since Bill Gates' departure - witness, failures like Kin (a Windows phone). MS has lost a lot of executive talent which is has failed to replace, and has tolerated quite a few executives (I mean GM level and above) who should have been culled long ago. Lack of exceptional leadership has demoralized rank-and-file. A direct quote from group leader: "Make the decision that insures I don't lose my job." Yes, that was the sole criterion provided for business guidance.
Stock performance! The location can be difficult for transfers in from CA. The sun rarely shines there.
Not always at the cutting edge of what the industry is doing, not always incorporating research on hard problems into their engineering plans
Adapting to the performance review system was challenging.
You must move regularly else risk being labelled as stale.If you have a family and don't like being on the road 6 days a week, this is not the place to be. Company provided hardware is sub-standard. The review model is completely random in application of merit and compensation with the rules chaning up to the last minute. Even in management it's unclear where performance will fall out until the day before reviews are to be delivered.
Stack ranking requires you to constantly market yourself and your accomplishements to other managers. If you are the person who likes to work hard, do a great job, and be recognized for it, this is not the place for you. You have to spend 15-20% of your time telling other people how great you are. Those who do it well rise quickly.
The SCORECARD has become the thorn in everyones side. Working not to make the business great but to hit scorecard metrics continues to be the big rub.
Based in Redmond. At times, hindered by legacy products and services. Difficulty creating truly cross-platform products with consistent experience.
The highly matrixed org structure makes getting actual work done challenging to say the least.
Been in multiple teams. Some teams are full of bright, smart people, making you feel like a kid in the corner, other team makes you wonder how did they get hired in the first place. A nightmare working with these people, just doesn't cut it, some of them are lack of passion even...  Things move too slow... Too many meetings and discussion, too much talk, nothing gets done...
Culture, Ethics, short-term approach, decline in value of benefits,
Stack ranking, the competition amongst peers, and the reactive nature of the company.
time demanding, fast paced, organization change is always expected
Has gotten very big, difficult to navigate the organization at times, review process is an artifact of bad 90's thinking.
Large organization and hence sometimes a little bureaucratic
Cross core and cross country teams not always get along. Some projects are so big that you get partial ownership which can affect your work. You could get stuck in their tech stack and not move on to other things later.
It's big, they do a good job trying to keep the hierarchy flat, but you definitely need to play some politics to move up. Marketing ads are often painful to watch. Annoying to have a good product then have marking ruin it with a poorly written commercial/campaign.
- Being a manager is disturbing. New performance system forces some irrational decision. I'm sure that Microsoft does need to fire 5% of its workforce, but it is simply making the company more bureaucratic. Performance is less critical than political positioning. - Current monopoly profit margins will erode as disruptive technologies drive competition and Microsoft moves to lower margin Cloud products
A lot of process is needed to guide a ship as big as Microsoft but the company is often a slave to the process instead of effectively using it as a tool.  It is a very political environment. The best way to "succeed" is the spend a significant proportion of your time selling your accomplishments up the management chain. It is an environment where self-promotion is key.  A lot of attention is paid to "level" of employees. New hires are often brought in at relatively high levels but can't perform. Despite their poor performance they continue to be chosen to lead projects because of their “level”. There are now many people in the Principal level-band while I’d say less than half deserve to be there.  Decisions are often made at the upper management / executive levels with zero visibility provided. Why was this product/feature cut? Why are we putting more resources on project X? It is expected that the worker ants will just do what they are told. They don't need to understand why.
There is far too much concern about what other "stakeholders" think.... soo many meetings that it takes forever to get anything done. The company rarely takes risks. Product reliability has gone done (just look at Internet Explorer).
Stagnate stock price for the last few years.
large size means inability to change direction swiftly
Some corporate ossification inevitable in any large company, Microsoft not excepting. They do a pretty good job of keeping the culture fresh but sometimes fail to meet challenges. Some degree of blind faith in decisions of the brass, and some degree of stupidity by the brass, but less than is typical for a company of this size, so a very light criticism...
Could improve more based on other company benefits.
Limited set of technologies due to company policy Longer you stay harder to change your job because recruiters will complain about your lack of open source technologies Too much manual testing might make you forget coding skills
Starting as an industry hire, I've always worked as part of a team and it has hurt me here. While I've stepped up to do some of the grunt work for the team, I've been moved around and fail to get promoted. There's very little control over when your personal life dissappears to ship the product. Massive re-orgs can tear effective teams apart.
Leadership, review model promotes employees being unjustly labeled to meet a curve & budget, bias exists -- enginneering favored over business/operational roles. Business is too often seen a "non-core".
Middle management get tangled in office politics a lot
They do pretty much everything, so you might get stuck working on a less-than-exciting part of a product that no one has ever heard of. There are also too many layers of management/it's too big of a company.
Microsoft has too much politics due to a review model that happens every year, slowing down progress. Some of the VPs are really very selfishly oriented more than customer oriented. They are not doing enough to beat Apple and Google.
Test is often not seen as a key contributor to products, more like monkeys just there to pound on the product after the fact (fwiw this is not only at MSFT). Some people just seem to be there for a paycheck (or a visa maybe), and don't seem to really care about the product.
most senior program managers in technical teams suffer from lack of base computer science knowledge which makes them make wrong trade offs.
but culture undermines innovation and new products ala tabletPC. Can require a long commute due to high cost of homes near campus.
Slow, too big, not innovative
There is a lot of competition between employees, and sometimes people coming from other companies don't get the competitive culture right away.
broken review system. re-orgs are messed up
no upside for the stock. your growth depends on your manager(s) and the team you're on, less on yourself. Unlike some others, no free food. free sodas (bad for health). Cafe food quality really not that great.
- Calibration/ Raking process for reviews
As with any large organization there is a fair bit of politicking going on and the old (and not so old) boy network is very strong. You will be expected to sacrifice everything to deliver - maybe not a con for some.
Really matrixed, confused and chaotic organization (at present), Niched roles
Depending on the manager and group, the work/life balance can be challenging
Its a club, clique environment. If you're not in the club you will not go very far regarding advancement or anything else. Like high school. Popular in, unpopular out.
Microsoft is a machine. There are tons of people at the company, and it's sometimes hard to feel like you've made an individual impact. Career growth is possible but you have to align heavily with your manager. Don't get too attached to any of your products because all of the higher ups are good at playing the alignment game. They will turn on a dime and leave you wondering why you wrote all that code for the past 6 months.
bureaucratic to the nth degree
Review System. Difficulty understanding promotions. Constant Team vs Team dynamics. Many, many "Type A" folks, all interacting.
Lots of areas in the company that get unnoticed, redundant efforts trying to solve the same problems, too many things the company is into.
The performance review system is a nightmare, and the bane of every employee. Nobody is really under the impression that Ballmer or his immediate reports have any real strategy for what they're doing. The internal politics are different among the various divisions, and some are very, very bad. I would recommend avoiding work in the Online Services Division at all cost.
Standard big company political stuff
Salary < industry Stack ranking Managment that likes to micromanage, use the stick but no carrot
Large Organization, viewed as not creative any more, which I believe to be wrong
People have been at MS for many years leading to many generals and few soldiers all vying for the same opportunities. It limits the ability to grow and get promotions.
Slow moving company Internal politics dominate the scene
High stress and poor work-life balance frequently impact employee's health and/or family life Globally-distributed engineering teams mean lots of evening and weekend meetings
Competitive, long work hours, poor planning
Things can get fairly political from time to time, e.g. promotions, go/no-go on projects, etc. And I don't believe some managers are competent.
People must contribute or leave
project is not good as it is a remote site
People spend lots of time/energy thinking about reviews & comparing to others.
Stack ranking Excessive politics Visibility over substance People tend to get stuck at middle levels Plenty of people frustrated about lack of collaboration and teamwork There is a sense that we are not as innovative as we could be Can be a bit bureaucratic at times Not enough women in engineering roles Risk taking is not rewarded Managers are not as strong as they could be
-some teams might not have the best environment to work in, so your experience might not be as positive -there is still lots of politics in the management levels -we are still behind our competitors in some growing areas
The work never ends and you can't effect much change. Plus you are constantly getting a new boss or new VP and that makes it very challenging.
Politics in many teams. Stack ranking.
Growth is limited for IC.
Stack ranking New review model is terrible and is causing high attrition among the more talented pool of employees
Total lack of clarity on the company's strategic direction, Microsoft doesn't need to have a finger in every pie. The new review model (or resurrection of the old one, if you've been at the company longer than five years) creates a toxic environment of mistrust and wasteful internal competition between teammates -- from the individual contributor level all the way up through executives. As if all that weren't bad enough, it's impossible to maintain any sort of work/life balance: Expect to end up working 10-12 hours regularly, with "death marches" near releases.
Cultural shift focused more on visibility and less about the quaility of work (i.e. more about the spin that the the results)
1. Bad leadship. Reviewing system is so aweful that a lot of lower level ICs do not get credits. 2. Competitive working instead of collaborative working environments. 3. Politics: During reorganization, a lot of leads move with their managers and do not do much work at all. Dev manager get paid a lot with less work.
Working in a large company there is sometimes a lot of process involved in coordinating everyones efforts. This overhead can sometimes get in the way of work. However, newer teams are now adopting more agile methods of software development. Since everyone is smart, there is a lot of tough competition between colleagues to get rewards and promotions, and so you need to be prepared to work long hours to be successful.
Dependent on the team you are in. IF that team isn't a fit for your skills, you're going to have a hard time.
You have to cope with review model which some ratio of employees will be marked as 'underperformed' (the model changes over time, but there always will be some of us get into this category) which is bloody and choosing a good boss is more than important.
Some inefficacies that come with a large company. Imperfect review model, but really there are few that are great. Not all groups are that great to work with.
The performance management system sets up a somewhat hostile environment or at the very least an undercurrent of distrust and one-upmanship. You are reviewed against peers and other people in your 'level band' within your organization and across the company. There are a lot of politics involved and your score can become very subjective based on the Manager/Directors perception of you, rather than your actual accomplishments.
slow to market, missing some opportunities
Salary needs to be increased for employees who are long working
There's a tendency to not take charge (if you don't take ownership, you can't get blamed). And there's definitely a bit of a blame culture (which feeds the prior item).
Forced curve at the review. If your manager doesn't care much about you, you are probably getting a very low score at the review.
Distance to get to work can be a problem. Management don't often listen to constructive feedback. Pressurizing at times.
Sometimes it was tough to get management support, coaching and feedback. They were busy... Microsoft would do well to have an internal recruiting program. When looking for other positions internally, HR would only offer, "Use the Career site and your network". I could have used help in finding roles that lined up with my skillset and interests. Sometimes I felt like Microsoft management HR mindset was, "Employees are our most valuable asset!! ...well, perhaps not you, specifically... but employees, in general, are our greatest asset!!!" At times, Microsoft would publicly support or not support particular polarizing social issues that were not directly related to the product or service or customer set. I don't think this behavior is appropriate for any public company.
MSFT has stupid people. These are resource managers and project managers. MSFT has stupid product policies. These are supressions of creative ideas and inventions that may compete with Windows, Office or IE. MSFT has stupid people policies. These are constrained mobility, annual reviews and caliberation -a total joke.
Slow moving, lots of management layers
Big corporate environment is very difficult to work in.
Benefits are getting cut. No more 100% medical next year. Enforced Bell curve promotes unhealthy competition between peers. Reward for 'impact' and 'visibility' (determined by manager of course) cause employees to think about how to be more 'visible' and 'known' by higher management rather than think what's best for product and company. Bunch of 'partners' reap large compensations for no good reason. Some divisions started elimination of individual offices with doors and introduce 'open space' (aka cubicles or worse - just rows of tables with no private space whatsoever).
Terrible leadership...me too strategy..no growth opportunity
Review system is bad. There is bunch of tools, but still not much transparent, and room for politic to step in. Compensation would not be much competitive with other top it companies. Even worse, famous health insurance coverage will go away from 2013.
Management constantly stages divisional battles which leads to distrustful us vs. them relationships between potential collaborators. Promotion and bonus processes that encourage selfishness. Salary purposefully below industry benchmarks, while stock price has been flat for a decade.
Very siloed, competing with manager for my salary and stock, slow to respond to market changes
Big meritocracy, must love being measured for everything.
Microsoft has a strange and extremely diskliked process of "Stack Ranking" where each time is required to have 20% below average employees regardless of how good the team actually is. This cause team members to compete more against each other and back stabbing compared to competing against other companies with similar products and doing so as a team. Also if you stay in the same position long enough then they will tell you that you are no longer "growing" and should look for another job and then a year later they may ask you to leave.
- Management above your lead oftentimes have no clue how to work with the product and have no interest in learning. - Little visibility into what the leads and managers do with all their time. - Lots of pointless meetings and red tape. - if you have a good team with standup people than you will like your job but oftentimes you have bad eggs at high-ish level positions - The curve is awful. Makes you constantly have to watch your back. - Too much emphasis on visibility. If you do great work but the powers that be don't see it, you won't be rewarded.
I think there is nothing to write here from my side.
Benefits have been erroded in recent times esp health care Stock has been stagnant for over 10 years Missed the boat on recent wave of innovation (phones, tablets) Career opportunities limited if not in product groups
Seattle, red tape, politics, slow process
Tiresome and time-consuming performance management system emphasizes individual "growth" at the expense of team and company success.
Review model s shaky, sr mgmt
Limited choices in café! Should provide more Asian choices.
a little bit of red tape exists sometimes
In some groups, leadership (directors and above) are so focused on the politics and self advancement that things are not always done for the good of the company. On some teams, the "perception" of what you do matters way more than the actual accomplishment you achieved. The performance review system and its forced distribution model are partly to blame, but I think there are just a lot of poor managers, especially at the Director and Senior Director level - lots of Microsoft lifers who don't have outside experiences and perspectives.
Too many fiefdoms: Microsoft was once a place where the best technical solution would win the day. There was time to argue the best way of implementing a feature. There are some important people around with delicate egos. Say the wrong thing and they will go out of their way to put in a bad word at review time.  Easy to get stuck in the wrong role: I've witnessed people getting dropped in the wrong role after a reorganization. If you haven't been in your current role for 12-18 months, you could get stuck in an area that's outside your specialization. Come review time, that could mean a black mark on your review or the end of your job.
- Toxic politicized yearly review system means the focus is on individual competition rather than team collaboration. - Very difficult to find the right people to connect with to get things done, simply a matter of scale. As a result, company probably runs at 10% efficiency just due to churn and communications loss. - A lot of people have bought the kool-aid, which leads to some poor decisions.
can be political as any large company often more focused on "monetizing" (i.e. get more money from a customer) than doing what's best for the customer lots of complications in day to day things due to combinatio of being an IP company, being affraid of litigation (including) silo mentallity accross division and impression of focus on what's best for them vs. the company at the partner level (at least often looks like this) brutal rating system
Steady, predictable. It's not going anywhere. Hard for a junior person to make it to senior.
Stack ranking performance review kills innovation, motivation A lot of meetings
Slow growth in terms of promotions and pay. Politics and more of a show game that brings people to limelight. No honest meritocracy
Upper management dictates down to middle line management what needs to happen, there is no bottoms up approach. The performance review process has gotten worse over the course of the last 15 years (and it never been a good process to begin with). I gave 15 of my young and energetic years to them, I got a stable work environment but management issues and performance review process coupled with the inability to move up levels in the company pretty much squashed any hopes I had of becoming anything great within the company.
Cons of Microsoft are the politics, it's a top heavy company, bureaucracy, the review system can be unfair.
Forced Stack Ranking system sucks big time. Very frustrating for employee and manager Very political Do not join here till they REMOVE FORCED STACK RANKING because sooner or later you will become victim and trust it is very frustrating. Clarify with recruiter, you will be glad that you did. Manager will try to justify heaven and hell why you got bad ranking even though it's not true.
MSFT stock, management overhead, PMs
Massive beaurocracy stifles any coolness for working for Microsoft
Too many office politics (not in all team but majority) and performance review system is screwed The company is too big, so you feel your work may not really have big implication Base pay salary is considered below many other tech companies Ackward company stock price, so don't expect much on this
Need to get their hunger back and shake their complacency. They are trying hard now and time will tell if they are successful.
The culture is very much "show up so you can get paid". Around 10% of the people here are passionate about their work, the other 90% just show up and may as well not even exist. Good code design, actually getting things done, and doing them correctly aren't priorities - management puts all of its emphasis on the concept of "visibility". I like to describe it as being the loudest, most obnoxious person in the room: screaming and yelling while flailing your arms around works. But honestly, you need to go to meetings, lots of meetings. And you need to ask questions at those meetings so it looks like you're participating. Even if you already know the answers (or weren't paying attention or are just plain stupid) and all you're accomplishing is slowing things down for everyone else. And if you have an opportunity to pick a project or team, you need to pick the one that people care about the most. Even though you're on the same team as someone else and even if you're less productive than them, if you're working on the high-profile project then you'll get all of the attention. Or "visbility".  Visibility is the only factor in promotions and bonuses, provided you get your work done. Went the extra mile? Did twice as much work as the other guy? Cleverly fixed a long-broken and frustrating system? Unless those things directly impact the visibility I called out above, no one above your management leve cares, so enjoy your average review rating.  Team budgets are also divided by the impact of your work. Teams working on lower-profile products don't get as large of a budget as other teams, so promotions/career advancement is slow because your manager doesn't have the budget to promote you. The quickest advancement occurs in the Windows organization. Xbox/Bing/Windows Phone are all young, but I imagine the same trend will appear there if they prove to be successful.  There are also a ton of (for lack of a better word) "older" people at Microsoft. Very traditional, 9-5 types that are *very* stuck in their ways. And a lot of them (particularly the ones in management) think everyone else should work the same hours as them. "Flex time" allows you to work odd hours (I usually come in around 7am because my fiance works mornings) when you need to, but it seems a good portion of the company hasn't caught up to the idea, and frowns upon it.  You'll see this at a lot of the old, big companies, but there is a lot of redundancy in management here. The sort of people where you look at what they come in and do every day and you think - couldn't they just have someone else do that for ten minutes at the end of each day?  It's a very reactive company, and takes too long to react.  There's too much red tape. Proposing new features or even getting rid of old, useless ones is a trying process and usually not worth it.  Management puts a lot of emphasis on "training" - both internal MS training and external offerings, but they're always worthless and if you never go to them people wonder why you don't want to broaden your knowledge.  If you're new, no matter how much experience you have you'll be treated like you don't know anything and need your hand held (no one actually read your resume except HR).  The hiring standards for teams outside the US are *much* lower (and I personally think they're already too low in the US), so if you get to work with them then prepare to be frustrated daily.
lack of awareness of future growth areas and lack of agility to meet the changing environments
Incredible organizational inertia, highly political environment. Many excellent products, but some ar stagnating due to a lack of vision.
The performance review/feedback system creates an atmosphere of fear. People become selfish about ownership for features/projects as a result. This inhibits collaboration which is obviously important for large software projects.
You need to deal with politics. Time flies away when you are here. Sometimes decision making can be delayed because of too many opinions.
Culture rewards the individual who follows what the leadership wants. Don't rock the boat baby!
Too much management, too much worship of technology and too little concern with user experience. The organization worships developers and exists to promote them upwards. Business people are basically hired help to act as drone labor in the process but lack ladders to climb into upper management. As a result the place is filled with coders who think they are business people because they got promoted. In recent years the place is adopting a grass-is-greener hiring policy, lots of people coming in from outside Microsoft at partner (GM) level - practically impossible if you already work within its walls. This naturally kills motivation and builds resentment. The recent critique on the performance evaluation system is fairly accurate.
Politics Reputation Poor HR methods lead to disfunctional atmosphere
On the other hand, if you get a bad manager, or wind up in a position that is a poor fit, your career at Microsoft will end swiftly even if you have a long history of strong performance. Every year, 20% of employees are given poor rankings (forced distribution), effectively ending their career at Microsoft. The forced stank rank distribution ensures that half off all new hires are gone within 5 years, and will not vest the majority of their stock awards. Discount the value of your job offer accordingly.  Microsoft is a giant company, and it's nearly impossible to be more than a small cog of the machine. If you're looking to be a force for change, look elsewhere. If you try to change the company from the inside, you're more than likely going to make enough enemies to end your career.  Although the company is still a top employer, many of the very best programers go to Facebook or Google if they can.
No innovation No enthusiasm Boring company Dying company
Has become a very large company and become a victim of its own success. Bureaucracy, process have eroded the agility and entrepreneurial culture quite a bit. People are not incentivized always to do what's right for Microsoft and you can learn a lot of bad habits here that will not serve you well in other quarters. Beware of constant reorganizations, incentives that focus on individual achievement over teamwork and narrowly defined roles that pigeonhole or limit your movement/marketability. Your career is maybe 20% under your control and luck will play a big role unfortunately...
have seen good performers managed out, ranking and rating system (10% will get "managed" out the door every year no matter how well they have performed in the past), 40+ hours a week typically bites into family/friends time.
- Worst managers in history that have no interest in furthering employees career. Never know where you stand. - Worst review structure on record
Need to deal with the oversize beaucracy to get anything done Strong division between PM, dev, and test disciplines, resulting in uneven growth to be better engineers
Microsoft is continuing to implement its "Functional" organizations - putting common points of alignment among disciplines further up the food chain. In some organizations, this puts a long distance to the person responsible for making sure the engineering disciplines work together as a team. If you have the small company mentality of wearing many hats, read the Career Stage Profiles carefully. In a small company creating value is the top priority - Microsoft is emphasizing creating value within your discipline.
Too Many management layers and process
1. Stack Rank review system creates individual competition between team members 2. Inter competitive environment is somewhat toxic and stifles innovation 3. Microsoft management is stuck n the 90s mindset, and is slow to recognize new opportunities 4. The CEO is out of touch 5. Aside from XBox, Microsoft lacks the cool/it factor (it's the new IBM)
Process, process, process, management, drinking the cool-aid, exclusively using Microsoft products, and not enough open-source opportunities.
Horrible bonus structure. No raises for best performers. No matter how much sales increase over previous year, no bonus is awarded. Horrible HR department. Company is divided from DM on up and GM on down.
bad review system bad work-life balance near release time
meetings about meetings slow to react to opportunities corp process not applicable to every business work life balance can be challenging not sexy
environment may sometimes vary from team to team. Need to be careful which team you go
A very large company so it's hard to make a difference, or see how you're making a difference. Also, you need to take your opportunity to do well, it's not given to you on a plate.
Company lacks growth and innovation, doesn't challenge individuals enough, executive leadership needs improvement
Demanding work schedules. Performance Review model fosters bad politics and behaviors. Medical coverage is scheduled to significantly change soon. Direction of the company is questionable under current leadership, which is reflected by stagnant stock prices. Diverse and incredibly smart people can be challenging to work with. Limited growth potential.
Development cycle can be slow. Performance review process is long and can be frustrating.
Stack ranking not consistent. Some bureaucracy
too much BS (review model for example) no focus simply MS has become fat, dumb and happy
Microsoft has languished due to lack of executive leadership. Groups create silos and fiefdoms rather than working together for the benefit of the customers and the product. Micro-management and assigning blame is taking over where freedom and risk-taking used to be rewarded.
Need to find the right team and manager for yourself. Growth can be slow in some of the bigger teams.
1. Overly focused on reviews throughout the year 2. Team dynamics can vary radically 3. Too many re-orgs 4. Switching teams can be a pain
In general management is terrible. If in a rare situation where you get a good one, your experience will be better than most. The place has turned into a popularity contest and if you are not in the club then you are voted off the island.
It's been said so many times, but the competitive "stack-ranking" review process is toxic and broken. While engineering management pays lots of lip-service to teamwork and collaboration, when it comes down to actual execution, employees are (rightly) more concerned with individual achievement and the ever-elusive "visibility" in order to get high review scores which translates into promotions and potentially lots of monetary reward.  For PMs in particular, the stack-rank reviews cause people to either consciously or unconsciously over-engineer product features to have more cross-team dependencies and greater complexity, since this leads to increased visibility and scope. People are rewarded for this, regardless of success or failure of the product/feature.  The fact is that individual work requirements and deliverables vary so widely that it hardly makes sense to compare them to each other -- it's an apples and oranges exercise. Attempting to apply the mythical man-month to creative engineering roles is inherently folly.  Another side effect is that there ends up being a huge amount of collaborative and dependency overhead, which limits teams' agility and ability to deliver on short timelines. In turn, this prevents Microsoft from being able to innovate or even "fast-follow" in an ever more dynamic technology market.  Microsoft has huge resources and influence, but on the whole there are relatively few products/teams that are able to deliver real value to customers in a timely way. The cash-cows of Windows and Office continue to bolster the company financially (i.e. "nobody ever got fired for buying Microsoft"), which is a good thing for keeping the company profitable and stable, but it masks the fact that it's a lumbering beast of a company that's finding it increasingly difficult to compete and stay relevant in emerging technology markets.
Upward mobility is difficult even for the best and brightest. Politics frequently outweighs performance.Always nepotism no matter how good/strong you are.
It takes time to adapt to market conditions or change course Big organizations make it challenging to coordinate across teams Can be difficult for superstars to advance quickly
Atttitude of not accepting the superiority of competing products, you are discouraged from using competing products
As you go higher, you need to be lucky to have a good manager in a team that has the opportunities. Too much competition often leads to a clique. Some time, MSFT has too much money and doesn't fully commit to certain projects, or lets many team compete, this leads to friction and then to inside competiton which leads to clique and disapointments.
lacking in innovation, too much bloat, inefficiencies and dead-ends, ranking system does more harm than good, lack of partnership with other software companies instead attempting to monopolize in a space that they should not
Lack of investment in growing and retaining talent and lack of development in truly managing people.
Way too political, bureaucratic, and competitive vs. team collaboration
A little behind the times for development models, and not very good at unity across product teams.
On the flip side, it is challenging. For those who enjoy working in a fast paced and challenging environment Microsoft is perfect, but if you have difficulties with self motivation, drive or want to take it a bit easier, then Microsoft is not for you.
Terrible review system - forced distribution that is solely based on sucking up to management chain which I refuse to do. Every year I receive tons of great business partner feedback but get an average review. I get promoted (from level 57 to level 62 in 10 yrs financial analyst to finance controller) and continue to get good opportunities but that's because of the business partners and people knowing my strong work ethic but I always get average ratings which is super frustrating (Reason for looking on this site for a new job). I don't put in 55 hrs/week and give excellent support to my business partners for average review ratings (which results in target stock award of apx 10% and target bonus of 10%). The 55 hrs/week is average (ranges from 35 - 80 depending on time of year and specific job). In 10 yrs I've had 12 managers. Lots of turnover (people moving to new roles) due to bad review system - need to get a new job to get promoted. Most managers tend to push everything down and their role is unnecessary.
Middle managers are ruining a great opportunity. They are pure political animals that are part of the overhead dept. Sales is all that matters, they could care less about delivery and keeping current customers. They're lucky due to the position their in.
Who you know and managing your visibility still trumps your documented contributions to a product. Managing up is a full-time job for program management
1. Bad and inefficient processes 2. No focus on product delivery
inefficiencies with multiple people doing similar roles creating overlap. Political environment that needs to be navigated. Decision making process is long and often times decisions are being revised
The federal consulting group in Reston, VA can be pretty demotivating. There is a body shop mentality, so hiring standards are low and vacation and training are frequently denied so that you will bill more hours. Selling work is what gets rewarded at review time, so it's tough to stay technical and have a good career. If you get placed under a bad manager you are in trouble.
Annual Review which puts everyone on a Forced Curve
too big an organization, easy to become complacent
cant think of any for now
The company got a bit big and bogged down by process.
Merit/Raises dependent upon variables that are not controllable. You have to be at the right place at the right time in addition to meeting your objectives.
Bad review system with outdated forced curve concepts Idiot CEO
Upward mobility is difficult even for the best and brightest. Politics frequently outweighs performance.
Since KT is at the help its a cost cutting behemoth managed like Walmart.
Stack rank review system gives managers unchecked power. Experience may vary who you work for/with. Siloed organizational structure wastes majority of human energy in politics so workders can not focus on getting business done. Require strong EQ to survive.
competitive up or out review structure that is more about perception than results
it is too much bureaucratic
Slower career growth as you move up the chain
Very poor management and company culture
Performance review system the worst Poor middle management - too busy looking after their own careers Culture with lack of accountability - people will do anything to get green scorecard Limited future vision, also focusing on beating competition, not on winning.
The company moves fairly slow, has to support lots of legacy software, and has lots of process that often gets in the way of innovation.
Group by group differences - some groups were excellent to work in and some were painful. If you find a good group it made all the difference. Microsoft seemed to have a problem with non-Redmond teams - they tried to pay attention and support them but often felt like all events, opportunities were in Redmond and being outside of Redmond was a problem
It's a huge company, and very competitive
Communication between groups is always a challenge at any large company and it is true at Microsoft as well.
-Managers are not rewarded for being strong managers, appear that there is more of a focus on managers delivering their own results, in addition to team results. -strong focus on meeting scorecard metrics, which results in strange behaviors to meet green (strong fear of showing yellow or red).
The review system is utterly broken. It works in such a way that some people have to be the 'bad' employees, even if every single person on the team is doing a great job. This in turn creates a culture in which employees are constantly competing with one another, rather than working together to create something great.  I worked myself exceptionally hard for over 5 years, destroying all semblance of a work-life balance, to leave MS all of one level higher than when I joined. Despite great reviews every year, I could not make headway in furthering my career. When I became passionate about solving other problems, I felt punished for it, as it wasn't part of my 'core competencies' and therefore that work didn't count towards my overall output as an employee.  Near the end of my employment, the frequency of re-organization efforts was just absurd and spoke to poor mismanagement from the executive leadership. Being uprooted and put onto new projects once in a while is one thing, but being moved around every few months with often no input as to where you'd best fit into the company gets exceptionally grating and demoralizing.  The days in which you can manage your career at Microsoft are long gone, at least from my experience in the game division. You are a cog in a larger machine, and will be moved accordingly when it it deemed necessary.
Upper management is simply clueless. No good project survives there. If you work in a satellite office, you are doomed to be laid off so that jobs can be moved to Redmond.
management was poor, forward thinking was lacking, and was very clique oriented.
If you go into sales be aware: commissions are recoverable if you do not meet 80% of your quota. Very poor account history and sales history. MSFT doesn't seem to know what they sold, when, where? The least collegial atmosphere I've worked in in over 25 years in business. Daggers are out for everyone. My manager took public pleasure in firing people and spoke freely with smiles when he told the story. Managers would not help educate on admin/sales systems, or on accounts. Atmosphere of fear and unnecessary competition between people in divergent groups. No/very little technical support for sales people.
Rapid, awful outsourcing now to lower skilled countries without the technical ability. I worry about future products due to the poorer software engineering quality. Looking for work elsewhere as result.
Culture has shifted significantly to more scorecard, metrics focus. People are secondary to goals, review process and standards keep changing yoy, stock price stuck in the mud, Longevity becomes a liability, ability to play politics is becoming a more necessary skill.
over worked, high stress, poor review process,
Every team work culture and processes are different. Changing team like changing Company
Too many managers/favoritism (friends and family being hired). Unless you kiss up to management and are in your mid 20's in sales org/services without a family don't go for position in this org. I LOVED MSFT for years and was so proud to say I worked there. That was not the situation last 5 years but had family member with health issues and needed benefits.
More difficult to get promotions as there are many senior employees. It is frustration sometimes because there are too many factors stopping the company from responding to the quick-changing and consumer-driving situations nowadays.
Lots of Politics, if you don't stick in your Manager's Manger's mind by the second year, then be ready to move on. Don't expect a work-life balance, your review often depends on you replying first to an email thread, no matter if it's constructive or just a +1. Visibility is KEY.
Leadership does not accept criticism Catastrophic product lineup: windows phone, windows 8, office 2013 Technocracy culture upper management Corrupt ranking/reward system
There are some negatives, such as:  Work/life balance can suffer if you don't manage it well Stack ranking process can pit team member against team member at review time Commitments can be tough to hit, given the strong focus on everything else Promotions can be difficult, especially at certain levels
traffic in all directions makes commuting tiresome, projects sometimes get canceled after you've put a lot of effort into them
not very agile and and lacking teamwork spirit
Big org and too many operation stuff.
The rate of promotion could at times be slow, though you will get compensated for your efforts. Depending on your group culture and product you could be very satisfied or totally unhappy.
Performance rating system is outdated Check egos at the door Remember that while competition is good, not good within teams (we're all in the same game) Cliques are so highschool - grow up.
Like in any big company, changes take long time to execute on.
Benefits declining, rating system is flawed, must be an individual player to move up, 5% firing per year, stock is stagnet.
COO was hired from Walmart. Need I say more? Devs are completely disempowered. PMs are running the show. Read the Vanity Fair article for details. The perf review system is as horrible as it says, so plan to leave within 5 years max. After that, MS will start wanting to push you out to hire some new grads to work the machine. Know what you're in for and leave on your own terms.
competitive, ok work life balance
If fall on the wrong place, it will take you sometime to move around.
You need to work hard, stay relevant, and never take your job for granted.
Things are much more difficult without a great manager. Sales environment is a competitive one and most managers weren't willing to do what it takes to keep good people
Political Lack courage to invent categories Cutthroat at principal level and above
Lack of executive vision, cohesion between organizations lacking
I had 5 managers in 11 months and received no real guidance after the first couple months. I chose to help a team that needed it, not look out for myself, and paid for it with the worst review ever -- even though I hit all the goals set out for me by Managers #1 & 2.
The company is very large and for some this may be a maze but overall the mindset and the quality of people who work are fairly good. Just like any large company there are groups that are not as successful but that is to be expected.
Collaborative culture sometimes affects speed, but if you are smart and resourceful - there is no stopping you!
Extremely political, Very internally focused, too much red tape and unnecessary processes/reporting. Lower level management staff is very ineffective. The compensation plan is not very good. You are judged on your ability to position yourself politically and not by your ability.
Political infighting and poor management can often sabotage the end deliverable. Organizations can be slow to change and lack agility to keep up with market.
Little creativity on the lower levels. Real innovation is hard to come by. Decisions are unclear and making changes takes forever. The Microsoft engineering process often gets in the way of delivering a strong product. Not much fun. Morale was almost always low.
Senior Leadership really struggling and blocking new talent, cross collaboration does not exist. Performance review is chaotic and incentive politics and feuds.
Review system politics -- you survived the 99% cut off rate of interviews and racked up lots of experience, shipped some products, patented ideas, added innovative features, saved the day, etc, but now you're in a rough patch at work, and find yourself in the bottom 10-20% of the review pool due to "metrics" and personality issues, and you are headed to eviction. Perhaps you'd like the opportunity to interview with another team? You'd better interview with Google or Apple, because your internal record won't allow you to stay at Microsoft. And once you get one bad review, you bet you won't pull yourself out of the hole.
lots of password changes constantly
- Performance review system. 15% people in your team will be shafted, no matter what. The whole review process is shrouded in secrecy so there is no way of knowing where you stand. This secrecy allows bosses to get rid of directs they don't get along with, with impunity. - No team bonding/spirit. Again, its because of the annual review system that makes people scared of their peers. This leads to rampant jealousy and back stabbing. This is literally a dog-eat-dog world. - Wastage of resources: This again is partly due to the perf review system. If a person figures that he is not doing well as compared to his peers, he is more likely to drum up something even when it is not needed. His boss may aid him in shoving his useless ideas onto other's throats. - Empire building: I guess every mature company suffers through this problem. - Pathetic online division: This division is touted as Microsoft's future, but is filled with idiots who have got themselves promoted as they happended to be there from the start.The result is utter chaos and a miserable work life balance.
Highly political, lots of process getting in your way depending on the team. Integrity is not one of the values/competencies
The review process is based on stack ranking which means we compete on some of the worst things such as visibility - visibility does not mean productivity or contribution. Reorgs take forever and leave you in limbo. Sometimes you can feel a bit lost in the enormity of the company and your division. Staying focused is a skill that is mandatory to manage your productivity against all that noise.
Too much of an emphasis on efficiency and not enough on efficacy. Senior leadership struggling to value vision along side cold hard numbers. Still see marketing as a cost and not an investment.  Career goal “having an individual impact”, Operating models, work flow, stale and ineffective process, duplication of roles, crossover of responsibilities resulting in duplication of effort and lack of accountability coupled with nonexistent budgets reduce ability for subsidiary Product Marketing to have an individual impact.  Many teams have a 'yes' culture and a pervasive inability of teams to work well together (I have experienced this far and wide).  Where there are people there are politics, however it is often chronic at Microsoft where those who crush others and take credit for others work (even their subordinates) are the ones who climb the ladder. We are then left with a leadership of ladder climbers rather than true leaders. People will follow true leaders and unfortunately there are not enough true leaders at Microsoft.  Deeply flawed review model that only allows the best to 'escape' to other teams.  Fix the review model which is a joke. Fix how we measure 'how' which as it stands only reinforces politics and popularity contests. Fix how managers vs. non-managers in the 63-64 band are measured. These should be crystal clear and documented types of impact and expectations. Change how the curve is enforced enabling teams to trade between levels and compensation buckets so that the appropriate message can be sent to employees vs. forcing the current curve on all organization as if they were all the same, which they are not e.g. senior vs. junior orgs, orgs with lots of high performers vs. those with average performers etc. We employee *how many HR* professionals they have to be able to figure this stuff out.  Career goal “increased impact through management and leadership”, Lack of mobility for ICs due to combination of flat org and lack of new blood/talent. In sub there doesn’t appear to be career progression outside of management. Often those chose to be managers do not appear to be in that role due to passion for managing and growing teams, or in the increasing their scope of impact, rather they appear to be there as it’s the only ‘way up’.
The company has no focus or direction. The employees are in an Orwellian state of denial. There is no honest discussion about pros/cons of any product. There is no direct honest discussion on decisions. Everything is awesome. Everything has already won. Bing is a winner. Windows Phone killed the iPhone in 2010. Windows 8 has killed the iPad by just being announced. Any other opinion, and you shall be branded a traitor.
There are no cons to working for this giant software company
Still tries to compete and position like an innovative tech company. Always the last to create something-- Zune, 3 years after iPod. Plans to cut the good-- benefits.
- separation on regular employees and contractors - this feels very wrong - very aggressive sales targets - the company is rather hierarchical - it takes forever to make something change - because company is so organized, something one feels like there is no way to change something that goes wrong, it also leaves you with the feelings that there is little space for creativity - you have to use Microsoft products, ownership of Iphone is not encouraged for example
CEO, recent change to alcohol policy (not allowed anymore)
internal competition among teams and within teams
Several Products need better vision.
Stack ranking in a very arbitrary way ruins the experience. You can find yourself in a no win situation for no apparent reason other than your position within the company. You can do a great job and still be ranked last especially if your group in general is high performing
tight schedule and political. super smart people are competitive one another. rather than learning from them, competitive....
Not great with consumers (yet), work-life balance is bad, employee performance rating system has never been employee-friendly.
There are oportunities inside this big company, but sometimes you are not encouraged to follow them.
Big company gets bogged down, and the review process misses alot of talent.
Very competitive place to work
Company has too many processes
Never-ending review process Often subjective and sometime arbitrary reviews that blindside people (I, unfortunately, gave a few of them myself and it was traumatic for them and me) The politics - not for the faint of heart, nor people who just want to do epic stuff Lord of the Flies atmosphere - it is miraculous that anything gets delivered with all the ,cya, backstabbing, posturing that goes on. Really, it is that bad. Steveb
Bureaucracy is sometimes stifling. Many groups are understaffed, and so schedules can be hectic. Career advancement outside of Redmond can be a bit more limited.
Location: I don't really like traveling to the east side much. If I didn't work there, I'd never cross Lake Washington. Depending on when I drive there can be lots of traffic.  Career opportunity: Promotions are rather slow and methodical. No fast tracking or anything like one would get at a smaller company
Large company so can move slow in some areas.
Work pressure at times, tough competition in the job for progressing.
I'm always tired when I work at microsoft corporation and so difficult of finishing some jobs
Limited technical growth in SDET position. More manual testing.
Does not take lead in cut through technologies Slow to respond to external changes Bureaucratic culture in some of the large groups
Big company. Long processes like end of year reviews to help balance company.
no career progression. Once you are there, you are there. Looking for ways to improve the top line growth is difficult. Most of our innovation is focused on cost savings.
As you rise up sometimes politics kills you. Once you know the system it is easy to beat it and get lazy. A bit slow to change and not much new blood in the upper management.
Management was a little late to catch up on some trends
Entrenched with politics. Whom you know is more valuable than what you know...horrible review processes.
Sometimes its hard to know what is going on in the company, lack of cross team communication.
Political, hard to stack against others in such a competitive environment. The review process is a continual brag.
Very political. A finance based company, not engineering. Hardware engineering is achieved by brute force and compromise on features/performance. Managers are a separate caste from individual contributor employees, keeping a high wall between the two cultures. Heavy workload - Need to put in 60-70 hours a week. Not efficient, not scalable.
work pressure. so don do the mistake of working on something you don like to do. super smart people and exciting work provided it meets your interest area. so don do the mistake of working on something you don like to do. overall i liked the work culture at microsoft.
Too many people that have been in the company for over 10 years. The company thinks it is great and celebrates it... I think it is a problem. They use really crappy tools that they develop (don't get me started on how they track bug!), and they have process and meetings that really have no value for humanity nor the company...
Leadership is sometimes shaky Highly negative image - market & society don't want to recognize company's potential Many groups are slow on decision making Employee compensation not competitive
Terrible managers around (not all, but a higher index of really bad managers than any other place before), slow growth for experienced industry hires
The stack ranking process is pretty brutal, impacting your career planning if you desire to be a long-term employee, and forces you to play politics to ensure you do well at review.
Opportunities, pay, location. management, communication
- Too many employees - career growth can stall - Many groups are doing mediocre work - Living in an MSFT cocoon makes you feel falsely secure and unaware of the outside world
You have to really enjoy bureaucracy to work on a team like Windows
A big company loses the nimbleness and focus that a small startup can have.
Unbelievably bad management Stack-ranked review system creates a poisonous, adversarial , and highly political environment "Visibility" is the god very one must worship to get good reviews. This means that most people spend the bulk of their day trying to look more impactful than they really are. Whether you are actually good at your job is less important than whether you can promote yourself to you manager's manager.
Salary, career growth opportunities, integration with other business units
review system is detrimental, every person is calibrates and rated against their peers. This system determines bonus, promotions, and lay offs so instead of promote team collaboration, Microsoft promotes backstabbing, political games and internal cat fights. Every year an obscene amount of time is used by people to write up self assessments or 'sale pitches' for how great they are, and equal amount of time is used by management to rate, calibrate, and justify why A is better than B or C. Another con is the crazy amount of meetings, sometime you wonder how anyone is supposed to work with 4-6 hours/day in meetings.
- complete lack of career growth - feels like being stuck in a big wet pool of mud
Company is still very inwardly focused and arrogant despite being way behind in the marketplace on the products and services that are increasingly important. The company is still very male dominated. Performance system is deeply flawed.
Bad relationship with manager can spoil your career Red Tape/Bureaucracy Skip level oversight non existent Work life balance and career growth cannot happen together Smart people in technology are equally or more smart in politics
Salary, Slow career growth, Mgmt Location
Every day is Emperor's New Clothes all over again. For anyone who has worked outside of MS, the cognitive dissonance is too much. I have loved what I do my entire 20 year career, but for the first time I dread going to work.
Very, very political Core business kills innovation in new businesses Poor at making decisions
Stat Ranking Inability to truely grow Your a number not an employee
Senior mgmt needs to go back to the core and start investing money in people vs treating it like Walmart and cutting corners. Too many re orgs.
Stack ranking creates a negative competitive environment instead of a positive collaborative one. Today's Microsoft is very large, hiearchial, extremely risk adverse and a difficult place to make an impact.
The stock is not going to go up in value, and the company is not going to grow bigger than it is, and you should not expect your stock value to increase. Many people have the false illusion that Microsoft is still on the top, and that they are there to stay. There are also a lot of politics, and perception games being played. It is very important that you get an emotional/technical attachment to your dev manager AND the other dev managers, so that they do not try to throw you to the dogs in the closed doors performance reviews.
The reward system at Microsoft is driven by personal favoritism. On paper you are led to believe if you achieve x, y, and z and do it better than others of similar ability you will be rewarded. This is corporate formality that actually has little to do with career advancement, pay, or bonus. If you become someone the "inner circle" of management can brag about, and they can look good because you look good, you will do well.
Company perception to the outside world, marketing.
- Compared with more "nimble" companies, things get done at a slower pace, sometime much slower. Three year shipping cycles are not uncommon although this started lately to change - takes time for junior employees to grow up in level and make a larger impact (depends on the group though) - career-centric company, although you could find a group that behaves like a startup - certain teams dedicated on maintaining software, not shipping new stuff (which might be OK for some). Be careful which team you choose. - I feel (and many others do) that the company doesn't learn fast enough from big mistakes made by middle-management.
The review system is juvenile.
unsustainable culture not valuing contributes , too much politics,
The new forced curve review system sucks.
Too much politics at the workplace
Microsoft has become IBM of 1980's. It has become more bureaucratic. Microsoft has a relatively lower compensation compared to its competitors. It needs to encourage more innovation. The innovation it encourages are all short-term innovations. There are few divisions though which are quite innovative but, large sections of the company are age-old and unable to keep up with the competition.
(Mis)management. Broken review system. Processes and politics. Not the best for people who are more technical than politicians and don't want to be drawn into politics and who don't want to be competing with peers instead of doing their job and delivering great products. Oh, and you better be an SDE than an SDET because whatever they say, there are plenty of people who don't treat good test developers as well as they do product developers.
Microsoft is no longer focused on innovation. They are focused on Microsoft. The company does not care about the employee. They do not care about the work performed, they care about the perception of the work the employee performs. Microsoft does not work to improve the employee, they work to shield Managers from negative polls and release any employee who they 'can' meaning with a low likelihood of being sued. The company has fostered a destructive and hampering stack ranking review system that does not acknowledge the contributions of a resource, but rather causes conflict and competitive actions amongst team members that should be working together instead of against each other...
* Lack of employee empowerment * Lack of transparency into decision making * Model is competitive rather than collaborative - you're rewarded for getting your idea approved, rather than working with the person who had the best idea
If you're looking for something exciting and cutting-edge, Microsoft is probably not the place. Its a big company with a defined heirarchy and it can be hard feel like you're making an innovative contribution - management for the most part is looking for, and expecting, code monkeys.
That forced stacking is insane! Basically you have a team of 10 people,and by the end of a quater,the manager has to decide who to fire relative to all other people in your team. Even if all are performing good job, still somebody has to get a bad review. Guess what that does to team work? Nobody wants to help anybody with anything, everybody tries to screw somebody else over. Horrible!
travel a lot no career long-term development pure technical job sometimes it is a little boring by repeating what you are doing
The innovative stuff often does not see the light of the day. Leadership is horrible and clueless.Review system needs to be improved
The company is confused. Direction(in marketing and sales) is rudderless, run by charlatans who have MBA degrees and little else. Executives have an image of their self worth but have little to back it up with.
Big company -- takes skill to learn to navigate, and Alpha culture can be challenging.
You have to like to work hard. Its a workaholics dream job. Its not required but there is plenty of opportunity to find things to do, excel at and be rewarded for.
You never really leave college, performance reviews are peer relative and a fixed percentage (~20%) must get a below average review. Its a zero sum game, no real team work is possible.
1) Might have too much of a process for product design 2) Generally, product design are less agile
Power struggles at the upper management levels tend to be irritating for the individual contributors. Some PMs are better than others so YMMV.
As noted in most of media recently, MSFT seems more focused on defending it's flagship products rather than encouraging risks Highly political Constant reorgs
deep management chains frequent re-orgs Management doesn't exemplify corporate "values" Review system that is decided before you even write your self assessment?! Can't use open-source technologies without lengthy approval process. This usually turns into a "Not invented here" mind set, and the next thing you know, you're re-inventing the wheel.
1) Might have too much process for product design 2) In general, product design are less agile
Some teams just get too big and lose focus and productivity.
Way too hard to invent here. If your stuff doesn't fit in one of their five ship vehicles (Windows, Office, SQL Server, Bing/Live, Azure) it won't make it in anything. They have no interest in new products unless they can bring in $2B+ in the first three years. Their recruiting is very poor. You really need a personal contact to make progress.
The internal review system has become rigid and has created a culture of busy work just for the sake of justifying bonuses. This busy work has very low real impact on product quality (especially in test). The metrics they use change frequently and show a certain confusion/unsureness of the middle management during reviews. Risk taking has almost come to a stop. Any risks you see from the outside that the company is taking is for the sake of survival in certain markets and not because Microsoft has the culture of risky innovation. The top and middle management have become extremely risk averse and tentative in their messaging to juniors. This can be de-motivating for extremely talented individuals (of which I saw many during my time). I also saw some above average attrition in my product group. Apart from reviews, the company leadership has only worsened this behavior by setting similar examples. Some very confusing strategies in products and branding has brought the company where it is today.
It can be overwhelming. It is a lot to take in, extremely fast passed. You need to have pick one specific product and learn everything about it, although it is encouraged to learn multiples
The company manages the bulk of employees to feel as if they are just another cog in the wheel - nothing special. Save the company a billion dollars and you're told you're just doing your job. If you are over 40, you are likely to be managed out within 5 years. Trend is to replace American workers with H-1B Visa holders. The culture of the company has changed. It is no longer inspiring but it is a solid job. For more info on the issues employees are reporting go to http://minimsft.blogspot.com/ a nice add on to Glassdoor.
Huge organization - sometimes a little chaotic (who's running the show?) So large it's highly specialized. If you like to be part of the larger development process, you won't get it as a developer Review process is a little draconian - well-intentioned, but may be producing unintended affects
The IT organization needs to come out of the mind set of being a Products company and may be more embrace the true tenets IT of services sector.
Your manager can make or break your job, annual calibration relative to your peers creates unnecessary competition between coworkers...
The work environment can be quite competitive. Rewards are performance driven as compared to your colleagues. If everyone is a superstar, it can be difficult to differentiate yourself.
Can be highly political, slow to adopt product changes, slow to react, too many product lines.
- money is not a concern - some teams/divisions are slow moving, due to the size of the user base - Redmond "bubble"
Tough to grow in the upper lecvel of management
Very political, not very good listeners
Poor executive management, policy of 10% of employees fired every year causes extreme competition and unwillingness for teamwork. It’s a savage environment to endure and burns people out, then management fires people and brings in new meat and starts over again.
Everyone may have a different experience depending on group leadership and team mates.
too may meetings, process from traditional software development stops this company moving fast in internet business
I work in the Silicon Valley office. The opportunities here are far fewer and at higher levels very difficult and frustrating. Almost every group in the Silicon Valley is a sub-group of a Puget Sound based group. At higher levels, way too much time is spent trying to communicate and politic with co-workers based in WA. This skill becomes more valuable than technical skill and is crucial for success in the Silicon Valley office. There is no such skill requirement for those based in WA, though the skill is rewarded.  The company struggles hard to break out of the mold that was used for its early success. There are far too few people doing and far too many people talking about what to do. The current development model of PM + Dev + Test + (operations) incurs way too much friction. Too many people are serving in far too narrow roles for maximum efficiency. Several groups have made efforts to make this better, but the moment that something (anything) goes wrong with a progressive approach, these efforts are usually scrapped.  Worst of all, Microsoft is failing in its efforts to be competitive for top-talent. The best new hires don't choose Microsoft and the stronger the employee, the more likely that they are just using Microsoft as a stepping stone to something far more lucrative. Microsoft's compensation system is not structured to reward the highest achievers sufficiently. As a result, they move on and leave the "B-players" to fight for the 225% of target bonus (10-30%) that is available to the best of the best.
Review system is a minus. Every year, each group has to identify 10% of low performers and fire some of them. Benefits slowly decreasing in quality.
Review system is a minus. Every year, each group has to identify 10% of low performers and fire some of them. Benefits slowly decreasing in quality.
Paperwork required as government contractor, opportunities for promotion above the lower tiers
Politics, decision making speed, too many projects
Very political, zero management training (makes for bad bosses), they'll take everything you give and then some, so it's hard not to get burned out
Politics - have to preview everything with everyone and get back office alignment before you can actually produce anything Redundancy - always someone else doing your job Role clarity - see above Lack of decision-making authority
The company has grown up with a culture of innovation and internal competition. This has resulted in a culture and a compensation structure that favors building independant siloed teams that compete internally vs. a culture of collaboration and focusing on getting things done by taking dependencies on others. This hampers team's abiliity to focus on what truely matters and a lot of redundancies are created.
Management needs to start thinking about innovation from Grassroot! Stop doing politics.
well to be once there is one downside not enough holidays
Work/life balance, lack of innovation, too matrixed
Hard to innovate new products
dog eat dog culture, they stress collaboration, but not fully felt to be true. stack ranking system will always render someone to be on the bottom, regardless of how good they perform.
- Lot's of people that think they're really smart... - Attention seeking Divas galore - No real concept of shipping software
Management style needs attention urgently. Im sure if it was not for me disliking their managent style I would still be at Microsoft
Slow moving to get things done. It is like trying to turn an aircraft carrier sometimes to get things done.
* Politics * Lack of Synergy
it doesnt have proper customer service
Difficult to make career change internally versus roles that are filled externally. External hires are valued higher. With such a diverse workforce, non-tech opportunities are far less available (marketing, business development, etc.).
- Adversarial review system that gives many people anxiety and results in driving out quality employees - Health care benefit becoming less awesome in 2013 with $2500 deductible
BigCo feel - bureaucratic, lumbering, slow to react Too competitive between employees Negative perception of Microsoft among users is a downer Difficult to rise quickly
Can't think of one. New managers are micro managers
It can be inconsistent depending on the team you are on and at times there is concern with layoffs. the HR practices make it difficult to change team members outside of major layoffs.
The performance review. I've been fortunate to score well with three promotions in seven years. However, I've seen superstars get poor reviews only because they scored lower on a peer curve than "super" super stars. The curve needs to go and the curve is the result of too many management layers causing director-levels not spending enough time people managing. In the last few years I've seen co-workers simply go elsewhere taking all that knowledge and skills assets with them because of the curve.
The competitive nature of the work environment isn't for everyone. Also, benefits are going through a long term redesign which is resulting in a reduction of benefits/increase in costs for employees. Morale is closely tied to product perception and success in the marketplace, and with MS losing its grip on consumers morale has taken a hit.
Horrible HR performance review model, drives employees (managers included) to focus on covering their asses rather than being encouraged to innovate.  Senior management severely lacks vision and creativity.
Work/life balance at times, more competitive recently, less job "security"
The review system can foster a negative environment of competition.
Erratic leadership Unclear roles and responsibility Insane levels of politics affecting nearly all organizations Review system creates backstabbing incentives
internal dog eat dog competitive atmosphere, sometimes to the detriment of the health of the team
Rating system is punishing if you are not bringing your A game every single day Highly competitive -- bordering on backbiting -- across every level Individual performance is motivated by fear in many groups Managers are not trained or encouraged to nurture their teams Insufficient cross organization trust and collaboration to be truly successful company
- Finding internal opportunities are difficult as politics and networking are front seat versus talent - The salary can be so so and the performance reviews can be a downfall - Old school management = old school technology thought process = slow to market with leading edge tech - The reputation of Microsoft is being hammered daily, and Apple as now surpassed Microsoft in value, revenue, profit and perception - Most positions have the worst onboarding, so the sink or swim philosophy is alive and well - Middle management are high performers with volunteer people management duties, finding good managers are becoming more difficult - Microsoft doesn't reward you well for outside experience if you're not coming in at a high level (Lvl 64 and above)
Company is not growing as much anymore. now it's all about getting as much out of existing profitable business as you can. stagnation and politics are everywhere. current review system makes experienced, mid-level employees (10+ years) highly vulnerable if you are not reporting to the right boss
- benefits are getting cut - some degree of bureaucracy - difficult to find passion - need to give up work-life balance if you want to grow
Cut-throat environment, people don't help each other grow. Probably due to performance review system. Depressing.
The growth can be relatively slow
Constant org changes demoralize teams, hard to invest in a vision when the exec who kicks it off doesn't hang around very long. Review model that does not "reward the assist" or foster team/collaborative environment. Six years with the company and these issues never seem to go away. Company punishes folks to dare speak truth to power (ie company poll).
Microsoft has a calibration and review process. There are also yearly commitments but they are a bit of a red-herring, although of course a newby has to actually do something initially. But really the main work goal is to network with peers and anyone that can can give you a positive review, remember you may need to reciprocate (even if it hurts). Kiss up to your boss big time, but remember he/she also needs positive reviews and so work something out on that front. The work is actually secondary to all this - thanks to all the newbys and contracters who do that.. The calibration process actually determines what you will be paid and and more importantly if you will survive. Calibration is where you will be compared to your "peers" to see where you sit in that stack. If you are bottom of the pile your are history and if you are top or near (say top 30%) you have hit the microsoft jackpot. But the calibration process is a bit like a lottery as you you will be calibrated against everyone in your particular business unit (at your grade) by management that may not even know you, and amay have there own personal favourites. That is why networking is such a big thing. The other part to this is there are quotas for each grade and there are currently 5 grades. This like a budget plan - 10% will receive 0 bonuses and increment and will be managed out of the company via a PIP (Personal Improvement program it means your gone) and 10% will be marked as the top talent. The others are the survivors with varying increments and bonuses depending on where they sat in the calibration. The people that succeed at Microsoft are not necessarily the most talented but the most able to work the system and have the most successful network to inflence the calibration. An indication of the kiss of of death is to stay at the same level and role - you are expected to "grow" and extend yourself. Most companies I have worked for previously would say if Joe does the same job well, and that is all he wants to do then perfectly fine, but not Microsoft. Assuming you stay and make it to a upper management level then will be a complete cat fight (usually hidden from the minions) - you will be well rewarded well but attrition rates are higher (look for the next VP leaving). But still Microsoft is very top heavy as has all those people that have worked the system - but where do they go? Eventually get sick of it all and leave to start a contracting company or a business to add value to the microsoft products they have worked on and hopefully have left contacts in the company to get that work.  Make sure you are working in a group that has business growth or else Micrsoft has a tendancy to ditch products and people when revenue growth stops.
The performance review process drives some unwelcome behaviour, including short-term fiscal year focus and a more competitive than collaborative environment. Though there's a recent attempt to focus more on collaboration, effectiveness is still very much considered only at an individual level rather than a group level. The 'greater than the sum of our parts' concept doesn't foster easily in that culture, which is a missed opportunity. There's also a lot of bureaucracy. Finally the annual financial budeting process is now such a mystery that finance ends up making funding decisions for the organization without understanding the opportunities and risks of such decisions.
There are a variety of sub-cultures throughout the company and it can take adjusting going from one to the other.
Large organization offers too many "dark spots" for the undeserving to hide, especially higher up Brand has lost the magic it used to have with consumers Insular, cut-off, losing touch with reality
Biggest cons are beaureaucracy in the management that slow down progress and a lack of willingess in the management team to push the boundaries unless a competitor is already kicking butt.
the rating system is still confusing. the workload is way too much, and there is a perception here that if you do not 'take it on' you are not as highly valued.. however, from my experience this is the same in other organizations.
Slow, politics, difficult to take risks
Bureaucracy. Opportunities are limited. Lots of inefficiencies.
long work hours (normal is ~ 50 hrs / week), very specialized work
Politics and more politics. The director level managers are more oncerrned about their jobs and review then those who work for them. No alignment to industry - those on the inside that say how it is in industry are quickly overcome by those who have made a career of navigating the organisation - in other words, don't listen to people from the industry trying to make a change, listen to those who just move from job to job and know how to navigate that...
. Becoming an irrelevant. company but the culture is still in the old good days of driving the industry . MS campus in Redmond disconnected to market and inner looking . Too much internal competition in MS campus in Redmond . The company is downsizing
Weak review system...subjective. Very political. No work life balance.
Big Company = Bureaucracy headache
Work life balance is not good
While it is a large corporation, the processes in place to ensure that the right things happen are there for a reason. It is helpful, but sometimes tedious.
Too much politics for getting promotions, making it difficult to advance your career if you do not have the right manager to fight for you.
No innovation, no highlight in product
During ship cycles the work can be quite demanding and we are never satisfied or 'done' with the product, always more to do!
Very political, easy to get in a silo, benifits are changing in a negative way, some great leaders, some very corrupt, stock is stuck in a range.
Seattle is expensive and so I would say compensation needs to be restructured more or city should become less expensive.
Working in management is like babysitting 5-year olds, and reporting to a 7 year old. The decision making process completely ignores the employees in the trenches and dissuades innovative thinking. It was not always like this, but since most managers at MSFT have been there for less than 10 years they don't understand employees who have been there longer than 10 years and are weeding them out.
They promote the idea that employees should take risks and projects and push yourself, but I've seen many times that if you do you're on your own and if you don't "perform" well, you'll be one of the people who are forced out. Once you get a bad review, you're on your way out of the company - even if you have a long history of being top performer.
Microsoft missed too many important technology shifts and unfortunately is now too little too late.
Embarrassing leadership, unclear company direction, bad stock plans, politics.
Bureaucracy, over structured and thinking, slow
stack rank is a numbers game not people
Management that will cut your throat if it suits them, no interest in hearing reality unless it has a microsoft distortion filter on it, a dog eat dog review system and approach to promotions that is great if you are on the inside and terrible if you "fall out of favor".
Lot of good peers means hard to stand out.
VERY political. You need to manage up to make sure your voice is being heard.
wide variety if manufactured goods
some travel but acceptable amount
Given the maturity of the company, there is lot of compression in scope growth.
ICs (people with no direct reports) have no independence. All decisions are made at higher levels, no matter how inane. Not many exciting projects to work on. The big names (Windows, Office, etc.) are all slow-moving and conservative, with lots of bureaucratic overhead. Mediocre, expensive food Campus is spread out, making it hard to get face time with other employees
Highly politicized environment does not reward anyone with personal ethics. You have to be prepared to throw *anybody* under the bus just to keep your job. Actual teamwork is not valued or rewarded. Managers spend way too much time watching who is doing what and when people show up and leave. Individual contributors have to spend way too much time tracking who saw what email and who was in what meeting in order to defend themselves later on. Leave your respect and honor at the door. The culture does not reinforce good personnel management. And if you get one manager who you don't get along with, for whatever reason, you are permanently screwed and you should leave ASAP. That's what happened to me.
There is a lot of bureaucracy that causes the company to move slow on almost everything they do. The upper management seems incompetent and unable to adapt or innovate.
There is a lot of bureaucracy that causes the company to move slow on almost everything they do. The upper management seems incompetent and unable to adapt or innovate.
Performance review is not great, greatly depends on management 2 levels above of you which sometimes can be way out of touch so visibility is a key. For larger project, it takes great amount of time to get buy off from big committee.
Need to be mindful of work life balance - (dependent on the team you are in)
Performance management approach insists on other failing if I am to succeed. I prefer a management style where what you deliver matters and not what you deliver and who you are friends with.
Lots of inbreeding in the management ranks. I also believe that Microsoft leaders have really lost sight of their customers. Their actions and words do not match.
Politics and feedback system is too involved.
There is pressure to perform which can be intimidating to some. Advancement and compensation are based on a competitive curve among your peers.
The work isn't always exciting
performance evaluation system, monopoly, lots of money to waste, firefighting, no strategy, confusing activities with results, arrogance, poor management/leadership skills, no teamwork
Microsoft has a lot of redundancy, inefficiency, and is prone to waste. There is poor coordination between business units and a lack of transparency with partners and customers. Entrepreneurial spirit is present and fostered, but the environment to let it flourish and succeed is not.
Some misguided priorities when it comes to who the best employees are.
Very insular (not invented here syndrome). Very bureaucratic. The longer you spend here, the harder it becomes to change and adapt.
Easy to get lost in such a big company.
politics, beurocracy, slow to innovate, too many layers of management, focus on process instead of people. Too many excellent solutions that no ones knows about.
Hyper-competitive and aggressive environment, up-or-out policy regarding moving up in the company, annual review requires forced curve where 10% of work force must be branded as losers, lots of poor managers (who would be better individual contributors), organizational excellence is not a priority, company is failing to win in key growth areas, which is reflected in the stock price
stock/salary not great flat org structure = tough to get into management roles often times re-organizations kills a perfectly functional group
If you are looking for a place where you can get ahead by doing great work, Microsoft isn't for you since it's all about politics, empire building and taking others down to get ahead.
Very political career management, need to be at the right place at the right time, that means you need luck Annual evaluation process has forced ranking, which means at some point, odds are you will be sacrificed Career progression has been slowed down accross the company
It depends on the team you work. Tight deadlines. Learning curve is more but with no time. Only the outstanding are recognised
large organization and many people to incorporate
It's a giant company, that is trying to have its finger in everything that's even a little bit interesting in tech. So everyone around you has different goals, different customers, a different vision for where the company should go. Lots of politics, LOTS of time spent in meetings, lots of doing things because someone several layers above you in management made a strategic decision (that may be completely undone by the next person in upper management to make a strategic decision). It's hard for me to imagine how a company of this size could be run better, but at the same time the smaller companies I've worked at have been far less frustrating workplaces.  Did I mention LOTS of meetings?
The amount of re-organizations (re-orgs) stifles productivity, promotes confusion and continually leads to bad middle management. If you do NOT get a good manager in your next re-org, good luck. It can be a death sentence. You really have to work 12+ hours a day to be able to be seen as promotable. (though they will not agree with that statement). The awards system is really nothing more than a round robin method of handing next level promotions. With the intelligence comes the arrogance level, 2nd to no one (maybe). The inability of middle and senior management to allow for true innovation at the ground level. If you're not working on the team or technology you are best at, you're essentially losing your skill set day by day.
Upper management is completely out of touch with their customers. It is very insular in that it's all Windows all the time (exception: MacBU). Each team is often very silo's. Fundamentally, Microsoft is a "design by committee" company, which results in mediocre designs with very shallow depth.
Account Executives are measured on engaging partners in direct conflict with MCS
It's a big place and it can be challenging to influence decisions or work cross team. It is challenging to get the right information quickly, you really need a network to get it right and it takes time to build one.
salary, compensation, review model, peers
A lot of legacy code that should be removed and replaced. Bad review process which turns out sometimes to be unfair.
Group dynamics can go from healthy to unhealthy in a short period of time, when mid/upper management in a group changes. The same dynamics can change quickly for the smaller teams within a division as well. Workload is not always distributed fairly and some people shoulder more of the workload than others (I.E. working weekends and work week evenings).
Being a very fast moving environment is not always good. People move around from team to team and in and out of the company in an amazing rate which produces some stress in the work environment. Any product may be canceled any time and you get to have several different managers in a period of less than two years. You need to prove yourself again and again to the new management and they may or may not appreciate what your're doing.
- Review system is fundamentally flawed and poorly implemented - Company is becoming increasingly bureaucratic and getting something accomplished is becoming harder and harder - Level of talent is dropping.
- big company beurocracy - not fun being trashed in the media - larger, more successful teams sometimes feel like they have no competition, no reason to strive
Different business groups working against each other sometimes. Senior management don't seem to have the correct direction implemented. Technically excellent products can fail due to politics and lack of marketing.
a noisy office near the lab
transitioning to online service is not smooth drive
The performance process places high emphasis on individual performance instead of team. This breeds an unhealthy team environment especially during review periods.
you could get stuck up doing nothing for a long while because no one forces you to be competitive.. but you would realize it when your review time comes
Large Organization so fair amount of bureaucracy and politics.
Moving to a model where people are "cogs in the machine" Political alignment is key, must be assigned to a high value project to be considered good performer and never express disagreement or discontent to be considered a team player
They love measurement and track everything since everyone is calibrated people have a tendency to work on new projects alone which means there is a lot of duplication and waste. People try and do what is right but calibration is always a driving force so people over-communicate to get noticed while at the same time hiding project until they are successful or successful enough to claim credit.
Too much in-fighting and focus on one-upping the other guy
Poor managers abound in the halls of Microsoft. And the review process is awful.
Difficult to move among groups. Stock price stagnation increasingly demoralizing. Inability to compete with Apple increasingly frustrating.
It's a big company, and so there is bureaucracy and it can be difficult to influence change. It can be easy for bad talent to "fake it" and stick around much longer than they should. There is also a Microsoft stigma, as many of its products have fallen out of favor.
Competitive attitue Latency in market response Lack of vision Rating system Managment rewards
Competition from others who should be collaborators
Most groups prefer too much on people who has better public speech skills instead of what the person really can do or have done. In some groups, talking is more important than doing. Instead of what is really important for the business, management focus too much on projects that look good in order to get high visibility Too many internal political fighting back and forth which prolong the development cycle on new innovation. Too many layers between the customer and development, it takes ridiculous long time for the real issues to be heard by the dev team and got fixed. Instead of promoting people who had proven record , people with MBA degree are more preferred to be prompted to higher level manager even for a very technical role.
- Highly subjective review system
at times i feel management do not know what they need. sometimes technical aspects are undervalued. its hard to have accelerated growth.
1) too many reorgs 2) too many focus areas 3) not too agile
Highly competitive, highly political atmosphere, we need more performance and delivery based performance rewards and recognition vs whatever is the latest thing
large conflicting efforts difficult to enact massive change
There are employee investigations and lawsuits popping up alot in the Public Sector and Federal areas. There is a new auditing team that is constantly questioning expenses of employees and it is coming off as very intimidating to the field. A major turn off and driving people away. The leaders at the mid level don't seem to want to fight for change and seem comfortable letting the decay happen. I am also shocked how late Microsoft is with all the certifications required for products. It seems like the senior leadership doesn't care alot about Public Sector requirements and pricing which is having a negative impact with customers.
Sr. Leadership - they seem successful inspite of themselves.
The only major downside was the fact my project had trouble finding programmers to actually implement the planned feature, but my manager compensated very well.
as a big company, it has many processes in a lot of things. The processes can be overwhelming. it may be slow in innovation.
don't mix personal life with work life in all shapes, form, or fashion.
Not very friendly toward new parents, work-life balance needs help: typically work 50+ hours per week, not as likely to be on the bleeding edge as other companies
It is a very large organization. That brings policies that you must apply to and not always the flexibility you would want.
too big not innovative enough too much layers of management
The Seattle location can sometimes make it tough, when so much of the industry and media attention is Valley-centric. Every group is so empowered and focused on its goals that it's sometimes hard to get cross-company collaboration on a project. The recent changes in the employee review and compensation process make me a little worried that we could be moving toward an every man for himself culture if they don't fine-tune some of the rough edges over the next year or two. Apple, Google, Facebook get a lot more buzz than Microsoft -- will be interesting to see if that changes over the next 1-2 years...
The sense of repression and fear is intense. People who have every reason to believe they are in good standing are terminated for obscure reasons. Innovative ideas are regarded as challenges to authority. Most of all, the company is obsessed with standards and uniformity and the standards are useless, counterproductive, often idiotic. Coding standards for example require illegibility, prescribe incoherent and inefficient practices, and demand useless extra work e.g. Unit test cases for components where they are inapplicable. The innovative atmosphere of the late 1980s is completely gone. Where once people worked until 8:30 PM because they loved what they were doing, they now work until 11:30 because they're terrified of their next annual review. Strangers to their families, stressed, exhausted, with 20 hours of recurring meetings every week.  Project planning is driven by competition between fiefdoms, and lurches from one bad idea to another.
Bad politics. No longer a fun place to work... its all about revenue. Building a business/partnerships/relationships and personal contributions are completely irrelevant at Microsoft, you are tied to a revenue # regardless regardless and compared to your peers regardless of geo/resources/customers/management support. Teams must all have a bottom 5-10% which are subject to job lose, regardless if everyone is exceeding quota objectives. This has created team infighting/competition such that there is no collaboration, support, or collective success. Individuals sink or swim while management lacks leadership, they simply lean on stack-ranking policies because mentoring and cultivating success would put them at risk of losing their job... it's easier to keep replacing you. Advice: If the "hiring manager" is not going to be your manager once you get the job, you will not last long. Managers are not leaders, they are not accountable for your failure/success unless they brought you on board and they will simply just not support you, no share helpful info, and will stack-rank you low against your peers until they manage you out and can hire/build their own team of friends.
Not encouraged to grow as a team - only as an individual, more and more top down decision-making, arrogance
- String of "make or break" events - Need to compensate better - Need to reduce the number of layers of management (good progress here in recent years) - Need to enforce accountability for "results", especially at higher management levels (good progress in recent years) - Politics, turf wars, empire building: like any other big large company
old school, slow decision making and limited growth opportunities
- It can be hard to transfer your ideas into a product group - In most research groups there are limited software development resources to take a project from a prototype for a paper to a useful piece of software - It is difficult to interact with the open source community, where a lot of innovation is happening now, due to fears of legal issues
Micro-management. There are too many inexperienced bosses telling their more knowledgable employees what they need to, instead of asking what needs to be done. Corporate values are a grey area at best, and often contradictory.
Where do I begin? Serious inbred areas where foolish behavior is tolerated. Promotions based on sexual bias (the most recent being a Dev Mgr hiring his girlfriend into a role she had no business in being hired for at all...proof...4 months later she left the company after midyear reviews...she's at Google now as an admin, which is what she was prior to being hired as a tester). Mid management plays games with others careers which if you trust them will cost you dearly. You can only count on senior management to have your back if you make time to get to know them.
Getting research to products is a 'hit and miss' issue. When it works, is great. When it fails to work it can be disheartening.
A lot of bureaucracy and political games
Company very silo'd. Middle to upper management very immature, most got there roles by who they know not what they now. Very short sited in many departments, more than one year planning rarely exist. Most management is not that supportive of employee growth. Buddy system in place there and women are not as well recognized as men in many cases. Management is quick to blame and then take credit for themselves if things go well. Mentality is still there to accomplish even it is a bad thing for the company to quickly move on and let others pick up the mess.
It can be demotivating to read the perspectives some people have of Microsoft - which are often based on how Microsoft behaved ten years ago, rather than the company it is today.
-Too much process getting in the way -Politics and based on department, there can be a disconnect with upper management -Performance reviews are highly competitive and the metrics are not always clear. -Bulk of jobs are in NW Seattle area -Management does not pay too much attention to attrition whether it is good or bad.
complex organization very large organization field org is less interresting than working in redmond
Performance model suitable for manual labor blue color workers applied to creative workers, software developers. This model creates unnecessary office politics, seriously damages team spirit and make many employees and managers focus on what needs to be done to look good at their next review instead of building a successful products customers would be delighted to use. New Sinofski philosophy also bring collective "responsibility" of trio-manager (Dev Manager, Program manager and Test manager) instead of personal responsibility of General Manager. In many cases we are getting "design by committee" / "deside by committee" environments. I am yet to be convinced it'll bring more good rather than harm.
Management nurtures cooperation among other consultants, but also competition, and the competition is fierce for parts of the generous yearly bonus pie. Commitments other than customer work can take up much of the work/life balance. Those who climb the success pyramid are those who can maintain a deep personal passion for the company and their work. Opportunities outside of Redmond are nearly all in sales, support and consulting.
Management is more concerned with their feuds and own promotions than with the long term benefit of the company, it is a very political environment, if you're close to your manager, or even better, with your skip level manager you're safe...
Teams across organizations sometimes not aligned on goals, a lot of layers of management
Upper management Politics Unwarranted promotions Lack of accountability
Very limited knowledge of things happening outside Redmond. Very laid back attitude and innovation is dead
The city is not great. Communication between leadership and the team is not good.
too much process and bureaucratic. constant change in direction is normal. Common to reset the project direction every few months and start from scratch. Stack ranking (where employees are compared to each other in their level every few months and forced into a curve distribution) is brutal. If you are a developer here, you don't feel like you are competing with the other companies to deliver a better product , instead you are competing with your coworker. Coworkers will not help each other, instead will backstab each other so that they finish higher in the curve. It is a bit easier if you are a program manager, because you don't have any real deadlines. Developers have a deadline almost daily and put in crazy hours in most teams. Also easier if you are a lead, since you typically would delegate all work to reports, get credit for all successes but are typically not blamed for project failures,  Manager has to fill up a slot between 1 to 5 (performance grade) in their team by force. This is called stack ranking and is very political. About 2 months of the year, managers just spend time doing that. Typically they pick least favorite employees for 4 or 5 . And by HR rule , they have to contantly tell them they are underperforming so that those employees leave soon. Also internal transfers are only possible for people who get 1 or 2 rating. The other employees are ignored during internal applications.  There are also many ethnic cabals inside there. There is also an official internal effort to force out older employees and replace they with younger employees. For managers though, there is no such effort. Managers are treated as gods by the company.
- Seattle Weather. - Outside the Tech Hub of the Bay Area. - Not a startup.
Senior management is cautious about new technologies, which has led to missed opportunities in lots of new markets. It is a competitive internal culture and employees are ranked against one and other for performance reviews, all the way up to executive levels. Because of that, management is not as cohesive or cooperative as they ought to be.
Plays catchup with new technology
Not recognized for excellence doing the work you are hired for, because you didn't also brown nose and play politics. Performance focused heavily on being a "team player" and "soft" aspects of your role that align with working within the sewing circle, than on actually your core skills and responsibilities. Established old girl's management team that operates like the police force, protects their own, and controls the environment in ways that benefit themselves. Poor communication, surprise attacks during review time, despite the mantra that everyone should know that their review might be tough ahead of time to allow opportunities for course correction. If you don't play the game inside the political framework, it doesn't matter how good your work is.
Lots of political games, bureaucracy. Things don't get done because there is too much internal fighting.
very Redmond centric, I was at a small office and we were less important too much overhead, too few developers managed by too many you have to sell yourself and your accomplishments to get ahead
Most groups put an unrealistic work load on employees. There is usually a lot of pressure to work long hours and produce more, more, more. I was actually in a group that required a minimum of 50 hours per week from each employee. That's a lot of time if you have a family or life outside of work. I burned out and I wasn't the only one. I've seen several people have breakdowns or develop physical symptoms from the pressure. I finally decided I couldn't take it any more and left before my health could be further compromised. Good thing they offer excellent medical benefits -- if only the employees had time to make it to a doctor's appointment.
Too much politics, seems work for survival of the group not for the good of product, company,
Some of the managers are incompetent. But have seen them eased out to non-management roles. Not the highest paymaster - there are other companies in the Seattle area that pay higher
There are good managers and bad managers within Microsoft. If you have a good manager they will support you and help you develop professionally and find rewarding work. If you have a lousy manager, you very likely won't last in the company... But they will.
Stressful environment, too much ego. People are not interested in the success of the company, but to promote themselves.
In some cases and with some teams, poor management styles
The infrastructure is astonishingly TERRIBLE! ... my team and i waste hours of productivity each week due to network failures, overly burdensome security measure, poor performance and maintainence, and poor communication. In addition my team which is comprised of some of the most talented, intelligent, gifted developers and testers has been horribly wasted. in 2 1/2 years we have had our project stopped and sheleved in lieu of a new a project, as part of major (!) re-orgs 4 times. Furthermore, since we are not in Redmond we feel like outsiders ...mant times we need to remind MS IT, and our own team, that we are not located in Redmond and need additional consideration. What a horrible waste of time and effort.!
Large corporation. Hard to move around between different disciplines or job roles although it is possible.
- You would be like a frog in well, oblivious of any other developments going on in the industry. - Very bad work/life balance, often overworked just to impress the manager and almost all managers expect this. Ironicaly, the overwork does not result in better product, since only grunt work paths are choosen and smart work is not valued. Every manager treats his reports as his slaves and thats across the company at all levels - Even in the some of the best divisions, product groups in the company, where use of 'advanced algorithms', 'distributed computing paradigms' are mandatory, the engineers are very incompetent and most of them think like an application developer. - 'large scale computing' at microsoft is a big joke. - Promotions are completely random, highly political compared to any of the companies in silicon valley. - In short you are treated like a daily wage blue collar worker, with some good health insurance. - All the good rating for microsoft here seem to be either of people who have not realized yet that they are stuck in a mire or who have benefited a lot with corporate politics. For those who dint realize, there would a very hard way out if you work there too long, when you want to get out, since the technologies used, quality of work, analytical skills learnt at microsoft will hardly enable you to find a role even at a mediocre silicon valley company.
Culture of criticism. Constant review and examination of performance. Very little recognition of accomplishments. Not everyone is a rock start 100% of the time - including MANAGERS.
Leadership is awful. Consistently missing the next big thing Limited upside (both for the company and individuals), the company peaked in the late 90's, doubtful it will come back.
Some big egos, too much politics to get to your goal, too many people who "drink the punch" swear that the Emperor is wearing clothes.
The interview process was a grueling process. However, once you make it through all the interviews you get a feeling of satisfaction that you belong there.
- politics - leadership and senior management team are looking for next direction of Microsoft , which hasn't been proved to be effective. - way to evaluate employees are not so fair - too many "Principal" and "Senior" level folks are not delivering at their levels and hard to calibrate
While my current group is pretty solid, many of the partner teams we deal with have miss aligned incentives / goals and to be frank don't maintain as strict a hiring bar. There are definitely mid-level managers here who are quite honestly some of the least competent people in their profession that I've ever had the displeasure of working with. In addition, as a PM it's a little weird to be in an organization where the developers drive the bus rather than being the engine that powers it. As a result, I often see our R&D organization make technology based decisions that are extremely short sited business decisions.
-You have to kiss ass -Overloaded with work at any given time! -It's not a 9-5 job! It's a lifestyle! You work 24/7 in most teams! -Teams like Bing have constant reorgs. I know people who've had between 3-6 managers a year for 5 years straight. -Online services has the worst work-flife balance! -Review system is horrible. Peer review is a way to bring your peers down!
Not well-managed, slow to respond, poor leadership, politics of a large corporation, value placed on tools process and tech over personal interaction.
Extremely poor management / leadership. Very much a "who talks loudest" environment, not a merit-based environment. Turnover of high performers is extremely high - both executives and rank and file. Outstanding people usually leave within a few years. Lots of internal fighting, politics, backstabbing, very little concern for customers (except in the field).
Burocratics crap Way too much planning...
Pressure. Timeline. Need to deal with office politics.
mgmt seems under qualified at times. lack of vision sometimes felt. mgmts motiviatoinal tactics stink sometimes. never got to meet Bill Gates.
not so exciting product, some potential politics you should be very careful, people have to learn how to show themselves,  performance review will replace some people every year, this is for sure... especially for mountain view branch. I heard about several cases, that manager has finally "walked out" people from workplace... so please keep on checking in your code changelist, keep on raising your voice in email thread... also please do not make (even little) mistake, which will be written in to the performance review.
Like most software sales organizations, the Microsoft environment is highly stressful and competitive and evaluates performance based on relativity to peers.
The rest of your team is going to be super lazy, the technology you learn is basically only applicable to MS
Not clear how compensation is calculated No clear and established way to access the sales prizes Not solutions oriented sales mood
More bureaucratic than a software company should be.
Pay their employee well but don't expect to get rich. Company is getting huge so there is quite a bit of bureaucracy.
It's Microsoft Too bloated to be efficient Broken review process that discourages collaboration within this huge company Flat stock price since around 2000
Lots of assets and lots of teams, but hardly any cross group collaboration or aligning of efforts. It's a shame given how much more Microsoft could be.
Don't expect to make large impacting changes. Managers change very often, as well as business goals. Too big to have internal teams work well together.
Horrible work environment with unreasonably disrespectful treatment of "Business Administrators" aka "Admins". The company is so large, management and HR are ineffective with many legitimate issues. There is a "So what, we're Microsoft" attitude. The tools for employees to do their jobs effectively are not provided, and a culture of treating "lower level" employees poorly is well-established, and basically encouraged.
At the immediate store, there is a lot of support and push to get things done but there can be a lot of red tape if the "something" must be first approved by corporate
Large company, few opportunities to grow
Management slow to make changes to problems and challenges facing attainment and compensation Interview process can take up to 6 months depending on position
Glass Ceiling once you are at Sr levels Limited exposure to non-Microsoft technologies Re-orgs can be fatiguing Collaboration between teams can be challenging
Did not work in Redmond so no exposure to other teams or products.
It is a big place and takes a long time to learn your way around.
negative company growth / consistent cutbacks in benefits, budgets, and staffing few promotional opportunities below industry pay a focus on the short term and "good enough" solutions politics sometimes impedes innovation
Review system is stacked against new comers and anyone that's not "favored" within the group. Limited options for field based employees unless you want to move to Redmond or keep doing your same job.
Very political, review process is cumbersome
Politics is the biggest problem. Doing good work is rewarded less than making connections. There is too much hierarchy in management to prevent you from being visible.
Lack of Innovation, the company has no sense of urgency.
More work than anyone can complete in a 40 hour week. Constant reorgs are very annoying... made more so when they shift the focus back and forth.
Poor first line management. Most managers have no previous management experience and are not trained well either.  Worst Sr. leadership including Steve Ballmer. Especially Kevin Turner, COO running Sales also has pulled the moral down tremendously  Company doesn't know what to focus on as there are 100s of products and wants to be in every business. Makes it hard to sell 'everything' or just focus on MS Office & Windows  Working from home is great, but hard to find people and collaborate. Virtual teams of 10-20 people makes it difficult to get anything done on time
extras seem to be going away, company picnic is gone, the stock price has not changed for too long. It seems that the company is taking away more and more, from its employees.
1. Too much politics 2. No respect from the management team 3. Bad review system
You have virtually no impact on how things are done. You are avery small piece of a huge machine. The company is so big that there is a form to fill out for everything, and not following prescribed procedures is not allowed. It no longer has any kind of startup atmosphere. While the company is more forward thinking and interested in doing the right thing than its reputation, there are so many layers of management and so many ways things are supposed to be done that it is very difficult to have any of your ideas see the light of day. It is a great place to be for maybe 2-3 years, but get out after that. A company this size needs a LOT of managers, and so a lot of people get into the role who have no business managing people.
1. Not exactly a "School" for people starting their careers 2. Very far from being a learning organization. mKeep repeating the same mistakes, over and over. 3. Sometimes smart people are arrogant and egocentric. This is reflected in most of the products and services, but specially in licensing. 4. Distant from reality, creating own gravity around itself
Well its a big cooperation hence communication can be overwhelming at times.
Managers only care about delivery of product, and won't do much to help you advance
If you get in a group that values your skills and wants to move you forward in your career, you're lucky. My experience was to be manged in place for four years in a dead-end, unchallenging, unrewarding job, which was beneath my skill level, by a manager who was more concerned with hiding his incompetence than elevating employees who could truly make a difference. I'm now a contractor, doing what I should have done from the start.
beauracracy size and the huge number of people that you need to collaborate with. politics
Getting large and tougher to move the ship. Getting older and many people are remaining stagnant limiting efforts for certain groups.
You are competing with cheap labors get hired from all over the world. And you most likely will work on products that will never be used by anyone. So you feel no positive contribution to the society.
Most of the interesting work is in the hands of a few people driving Windows and Office. Microsoft still doesn't get the Web. Everything is still about Windows & Office. Great projects get cancelled because of power struggles. The Peter Principle thrives at Microsoft. Politics, Politics, Politics. The review model - ensures intense politics.    I've seen excellent new hires given bad reviews - 'just to break them in'    I've seen good people pushed out - to give the job to a manager's friend.    I've seen employees given gold stars for excellent performances - end up with poor review.    I've seen the classic suck-ups given top reviews for kissing up the chain.    Reviews are at best 50% performance, and 50% who likes whom.    The review model ensures that teams compete against each other. The fastest way to get a promotion is to quit - work outside for a while and re-apply.   (did this myself) - is this really how the company wants its employees to develop their careers?
Lack of intelligent people Management is horrendous Very Political (your personal relationship with your VP/Director dictates your entire review)
high demands from the company
- Too huge, long legacy
It is the Microsoft way or the highway, outside technologies need not apply. I worked there for a number of years and the language that dare not speak its name (JAVA) was not used nor considered for a project of any considerable size.  A word of warning: Don't get comfortable doing what you enjoy, because that leads to being considered "stagnated" as opposed to being effective. Make sure your peers and boss see you dogfooding the next big thing in your copious spare time.
The most uncollaborative work environment on the planet - the only way to move forward is to stab your neighbor in the back. The culture here actually encourages self-promotion and to tear down others. Ironically they spend millions on programs to appear as if this is not the case - then reviews come, and its Social Darwinism in its pure form - the only thing I have not seen first hand, is for a VP to eat their young.  I cannot wait to get out of here - and I am actually doing well in terms of reviews and bonus - but life is too short to move a career forward at this expense level.  I suspect those who love this enviroment have not been here long enough to realize that for them to move forward - they will need to leave a wake of bodies in their path - which is not for everyone.
need to work with same technology
Working at Microsoft can be challenging. Middle-management is hit and miss - some managers are fabulous. Many are ... well ... they're not best suited to be managers.  Microsoft's review process can be pretty brutal.
Work is very team dependent, you need to find a good one. At times feels isolated. Too much emphasis is put on documentation and needs more innovation.
Heavy, too many silos, and quite beaurocratic. Generally very slow to move and tackle new opportunities. Complex matrix makes it very difficult to get opportunities to manage or lead end to end projets across businesses.
Because of the hardcore culture of the team sometimes really good talent gets lost. It is very hard to move up the chains as the review process keep the targets moving year by year.
Lack of strategy in the digital landscape. internal competition within accounts. Lack of guidance on importance of clients. Constant backstabbing by internal groups championing their own work over interests of company.
Ability to get thing done slow moving
No opportunities for Great and smart people that wants to do good. Cannot be your self and succeed here. Slow.
they are downsizing so much less opportunity than they had in the past. benefits are decreasing. the wrong people are getting promoted for the wrong activity. best people are leaving the company. shift to cloud will mean far fewer roles.
Promotions can be difficult, you need to move up or move out.
- Some groups are very bureaucratic - Certain lack of agility in getting things done (very subjective depends on which group you work on) - At times the criteria for promos is very fuzzy - Compensation as measured by base pay
- too much politics or management gets in the way of shipping great products - too hesitant to ship interesting ideas unless its $10B business - benefits are steadily declining - new review model sucks
Growth and Promotion are a factor of where you are in the organization and not of your accomplishments or hardwork
A lack of collaborative environment, while team work is given lip service the focus is on individual performance and results. A lack of vision on the part of senior leadership.
food is not that great. it seems like not a lot of people see the big picture, company kind of move slow
However, if you are not in the top 5-10% of the annual performance review curve, the rewards are substantially different and less impressive. Depending on the organization, there can also be high levels of political gamesmanship and favor currying. Many teams drive too much to advertise and evangelize the work they are doing instead of actually doing the work, and unfortunately it works for now (but it won't always). The annual review system still fosters a predatory competetive culture versus a cooperative competetive culture. Senior management's philosophies on employees and employee retention have changed over the years as well. There used to be a strong belief in recovery, however that is not the case in the Windows organization today. As long as an employee produces and never needs any more-than-perfunctory maintenence, you will be fine. However, if more course correction than that is needed (and over a multi-year career, even super smart people occasionally need an assist here or there), the philosophy today seems to be to cut bait and just bring in another body. Microsoft always has said they invest in their people, however their actions more accurately reflected their words years ago than they do today.
Bureaucratic, tough to make a lasting impression, or infuse new ideas. Too many checks and balances. Found it difficult to get promoted, or move up in different positions, as company did a lot of external hirings for jobs I was interested in...despite my solid reviews.
Microsoft for years has been unable to shake its "uncool" reputation compared to Facebook, Google, and Apple. New synergies, visible in the metro UI standard being shared across products, is starting to bring the cool back to Microsoft.
1) Very big company, it takes a lot of time to gain visibility
No customer contact if you're a developer -- MS is just too big.  Development at MS is much more time-based than quality based. It's unfortunate, but that's probably the way I would do things if I were in charge anyway, as it makes good business sense. But it's frequently not very exciting.  MS doesn't seem to be a place you retire from. There is constant pressure to improve or leave -- and let's face it, we all have our limitations, we can't all be CEO. So you're eventually likely to be forced out in one way or another as you get older and get close to your potential. So while the constant improvement is great for you, it's only great to a point -- and then you start to have trouble changing jobs within the company as your reviews level out.
Working at a large company, it's difficult to make a big difference or have an impact on big decisions if you're new.
Review process is competitive with your peers. This means they gain if you lose and leads to "invisible" back stabbing and lack of collaboration. Staff is group ranked by a commitee of their managers peers. Most of them are not involved in the same business and don't know the people. Good ranking comes from either: 1) "Visibility" - which means that lots of internal (possibly non-productive) activities like joining social events and schmoozing with your bosses peers. or 2) "Political games" - where an experienced senior manager makes side deals with some of his peers to mutually support each other favorites for good ranking.
Getting reorged. In my particular case I was reorged more than 16 times in 6 years. Not in itself a wonderful thing, but in the past two years I was reorged enough times where I was doing something completely different every six months. And the way Microsoft works, you are calibrated against your discipline and if you've been doing something well for a year you'll nearly always trump four months of good work. And not gaining in your job level of a certain window of time will damage your long-term prospects.
Management sucks, big time. So many people to do BS no body to work.
Current healthcare benefit is great but will be scaled back starting in 2013
1. Depending on business bureaucracy can slow down growth.
- Long and hard hours, - Small fish in a big pond, - A complex corporate culture, - Limited opportunity to work remotely, - Too much regional autonomy, - Inconsistency in licensing,
As any big company with so many employees, products and organizations, every division is like a mini-company of its own. Your work life greatly varies depending on which organization you work at. I happened to be in different orgs in the same division and the learning experience, mentorship and career advancement I have accomplished in this group is a far cry from the previous group I belonged to. If you get a good lead and manager and you work hard, you are in for good life at MSFT. I don't see why I would ever want to work elsewhere. I am up for a promotion to Senior this review year and I expect to get it by working hard and smart. Sounds simple enough to me now, but it wasn't as clear cut in the previous group I was at. Would Google give me more money? Perhaps, but I don't have to work 80 hours a week, I can take long vacations and have my Fridays off without being perceived like a slacker.
The 'old Microsoft' of being direct and straightforward in voicing concerns, proposing alternatives or opposing the direction being taken is truly gone. If you don't toe the line in your group, you'll become the sacrificial lamb (especially since every group needs one)!  Performance 'reviews' have little to no impact on your salary or prospects for advancement, it's all about whether your boss's boss's boss knows who you are and whether you are viewed as 'good' or 'bad'. Not to mention person leading the group must play their game well enough to get funding for promotions, or hand out career-limitingly low review scores to people who do perfectly good work. Once you find out about 'stack ranking' and that your yearly goals aren't even read by anyone who makes a decision about your review score, you might have a hard time taking this process seriously.  It can be very depressing to work there, given the tendency for upper management to do or say short-sighted or obviously misleading things in public. Not as embarrassing for someone who is not a technologist, but if you are an engineer you will be the sounding board for all of your technical friends & family's complaints.
The comfortable lifestyle, great benefits and high margins reduces turnover and keeps employees there for a long time. As a result, you have limited upward mobility.
- Office politics - Lots of internal tools/technology. You don't get experience on industry standard tools. - Small town feeling, not a good place for singles.
Overworked, no Work-Life Balance, Management could care less, Over the past few years, things have progessively worsened, Advancement is all about Politics - who likes you, Management talks about employees bringing ideas to the table, but just air talk, Review Process is too subjective and your career is put into the hands of individuals who will not show support for you or simply have no idea as to what you accomplish on a day-to-day basis/overall basis.
very busy busy place to work
Management has become entirely disconnected from the workforce, at times it seems that they are stuck in the late nineties and think that employees are becoming millionaires overnight and should be grateful for the priviledge of working at the company. The reality is that the shareprice has been flat or worse for over 10 years and the job has become a way of paying the bills for most employees
Too much pressure on the consultants . No fixed working hrs. . too long targets to achive in less time ,no time to take use your paid vacations
Performance Review System is bad. Promotions system is not transparent Compensation is not good Management leaders dont have technical expertise. Lot of politics
departments and employees are more interested in making their numbers and committments than in doing what's right for the company overall. So this doesn't foster a cooperative environment. people spend an awful lot of time and energy "reporting up" versus doing actual work.
Your career growth and rewards are highly dependent on how well you get along with you manager, how much they'll fight for you, and how well they know how to work the system and how effective they are at it. Depending on your organization, there can be a lot of reorgs and your experience and time at Microsoft account for 0 if the leadership doesn't know you. Lately, Microsoft has been making sweeping changes such as "a person must be at X number level to have Y position" despite whether or not individuals have been working in and doing well at Y positions for years. Rather than promote the individual to the new level requirement, they are told they can no longer have that position.
Work/life balance is not available if you're looking for a promotion
Schedules are too tight to really enable you to learn something new. Too difficult to get a promotion because you have to kiss butt of the manager and work well over 40 hours per week just to get your normal work done, let alone anything that would help you get a promotion.
Get lost in the crowd
There is a depth company. You dig in deeper into technologies and concepts. The breadth knowledge is available only for some positions
Review system is broken: %20 percent of all employees must get a 4 or 5 (on a scale of 1=best, 5=worst) on their yearly review, regardless of accomplishments Not nearly enough advertising for consumer products 100% health care coverage is going away Way too many meetings
Microsoft has gotten very bureaucratic and decision making is slow. Also, no one wants to collaberate at all. No one respects Steve Ballmer and most can't wait for him to go adn this is a drag on morale. It is depressing to work for a company when the stock price has remained unchanged or over a decade.
Everyone I met under the age of 30 didn't have anything against Microsoft but was restless and wanted to go do something else with their lives.
Can get lost in a big company.
Upper management rarely concerned with projects or teams. Right hand does not know what the left hand is doing. Large, bureaucratic organization that moves at the speed of continental drift.
Managment seems more interested in keeping their power than improving processes/Microsoft.
low starting salary, very low merit increase for software tester, under the water stock options, very small stock awards that take about 5 years until they are fully vested. small professional growth in term of climbing up the level (ladder). Some test leads were very bad.
An old institution that has forgotten to innovate.
Lack of long-term strategy and planning that causes the company lose the leading position Misread too many market trend that causes the company play catch-up all the time Company got too big and lost its flexibility
Limited coordination between product groups. Limited interaction with senior leadership. Very limited opportunities to look outside and implement best practices.
Progress might not be as fast-paced as some startups or smaller companies. Your responsibilities too might be limited and it takes hard work and a lot of time to gain recognition and move up the ladder.
- Most of the career advancement opportunities are in Seattle, which may be an issue for some people - Slower moving
I did not experience any negatives. I wish they were a bit closer to my location as that would have made commuting easier in the mornings.
In some areas the prospects for business managers is diminishing (Server and Tools, for example), as they seek to streamline the organization. There is also no career path for business managers, so you are up to your own devices on how you will move up within Microsoft. Business managers will never lead businesses. You will always be in a supporting role.
Hierarchies are too deep and it is difficult to employees to influence the company.
In their IT department, they have yet to come into the 21st century of Microsoft. They still expect people to work a minimum of 10 hours a day - if you aren't then you aren't considered to be doing a good job. In IT, your manager will tell you weekly that you are doing exactly what is expected and then a month before reviews are due, they will tell you that while you are meeting expectations, you aren't wowing them and that's not good enough. Also, if you come down with a major illness, Microsoft has a tendency to hang on to you just long enough to avoid a lawsuit and then fire you.
Large corporate culture slows things down. Competative review system.
Deep hierarchy due to size of the company. Many layers of team and needs to be willing to work with many team members to get projects done
You need to be a self-starter and not assume that you would be given a project that would grow your career. However, if you prove yourself, then you will be rewarded handsomely. You also need to be aware of some office politics, which is natural in big firms - this becomes more important as you move up the chain. The length in level at mid-management (principal) levels is 3-5 years at each ladder level for 80+% of the population. Health benefits are not co-pay free any more.
Lots of reorgs Unclear direction from leadership Limited career advancement if not located in Redmond Emphasis on who you know and tenure
upper management takes time to listen to you but that's all they do. There is usually very little they will actually do to help you with where you want to go and who you want to be. So the motto "Your potential our passion" (this is the older one) is not really alive on the day to day level. Once you get in at a position, make sure it's something you like, cause moving around takes a lot of politics etc.
Slow Lots of politics Not invented here syndrome Stock performance Too centralized No focus by upper management
no career (issue of all huge companies), a lot of bureaucracy
Not much to learn for a beginner
Very competitive environment and hard to trust others intentions – everyone is looking to advance through the fight or flight environment Management is so stale and not capable of being good leaders (not current in skills or knowledge) No longer an entrepreneurial spirit or environment Many better workplaces but if you just need a paycheck, then this could be your place Your experience will be 100% dictated by the competency and fairness of your manager. So many people are bailing out of Microsoft that the morale is HORRIBLE. Try to obtain employment with other companies first.
Over the years Microsoft has really scaled back on every front. Office politics are extremely high. Lots of people put into management positions that can't manage. Extremely high turnover rate because of poor first line managers. (They stated this in my New Employee Orientation) People hired that are incompetent but somehow continue to get raises. If you want to get ahead, the best thing to do is throw someone under the bus. Microsoft wants everyone to be the same cookie cutter person but they claim to celebrate diversity, so beware if you don't fit their mold. They say they have great work/life balance. If you choose to do a modified work week (4 days - 10 hours each) be prepared to go backwards in your career. It is looked down on and you will be told you are fine, but come review time don't expect anything good.
Review system is broken and requires games to advance, benefits are being reduced in 2013, CEO hasn't shown any accountability to the flat stock price.
The main problem is that the best people are leaving, and those who remain are less and less competent every year (but don't seem to know that). It seems that the best new hires don't want to work at Microsoft and choose to go elsewhere.  Recognition and career success comes primarily from telling management what it wants to hear, rather than from good work or doing what customers want. In the past, middle management was technically competent but mediocre at managing people (which they knew, but didn't care). Today, management is too often poor on all dimensions but doesn't even know it. Many managers are incapable of recognizing good work, much less knowing how to do it themselves or how to encourage people to deliver it. Managers take care of themselves and their peers first, suppressing other opinions, rather than standing up for employees.  The company is a giant bureaucracy. The easiest way to succeed at Microsoft, like any bureaucracy, is to tell everyone what they want to hear, keep your head down, and don't challenge anything. It's better to do work that is tolerably good but not excellent (because great work would be a threat to others). This attitude seems to come down from the top, where very real threats to the company are covered up in platitudes about how "next year will be great!", year after year after year.  Having said this, the culture varies from group to group, some are awful while others can be supportive and good places to work. However, it's impossible to know in advance what any group is like, and continual reorganizations (every six months on average) mean that it could change at any moment and go from great to terrible with no warning.  Another major problem is the review system. Employees are forced onto curves within their groups, regardless of the group's overall strength, and managers are able to pick and choose peer feedback to punish anyone they wish. If you happen to end with a manager who doesn't like you or feels threatened, then you will get a bad review. And only the most recent review counts for anything. Even with a string of great reviews, if the most recent one is bad, you will be unable to look for other jobs within the company. Thus, a single bad manager effectively can force you out of the company. This explains why employees worry so much more about telling managers what they want, rather than doing great work.  Given increasingly incompetent management, flat stock price, and disincentives for excellent work, it's no surprise that the best employees are leaving in droves for Amazon, Facebook, Zynga, startups, and pretty much anywhere they can. The primary barrier to the exodus is that there are not many options in Seattle.  In short, if you would like a nice office and benefits but don't care that much about your work or career path, OR if you prefer to play politics and don't mind backstabbing others, then Microsoft could be a good place for you. But if you want to excel, to do something interesting, or to be rewarded for real innovation, it's the wrong place.
there are some bad managers
- slow to react to large changes - can be difficult to coordinate across divisions - decisions made by commitee taking too much time
The company is very large so it takes time to get idea and products implemented. Not as cutting edge as startups.
Calibration based evaluation process that drives unhealthy competition among team members. You have to know how to navigate in large scale company to succeed. Constant rush - not much time for creative thinking. Some important innovation is not happening here.
Many dysfunctional and unhealthy teams. Even with recent compensation bump, Google, Facebook, Amazon, Expedia and many other local tech firms pay better and have higher-paying bonuses and higher valued stock.
- Terrible management culture - Consistently bad HR processes - Too much in-fighting between groups - Underpaid particularly in relation to other companies - Terrible morale - Lack of innovation culture - Management don't listen to employees
You may have a manager working in a different country and your work may not be evaluated well in this case.
growth, contractors benefits, none, none ,none
Senior Management isn't quick to respond to opportunities and often makes strategic mistakes A lot of projects don't go anywhere due to pressure to align with a major releases of Office and Windows Can be difficult to get promoted due to size of company.
Our new review modeling has changed how we think about the company and how we look to each other as "partners" in success, today in fitting to the curve you are only as good as 1.) your current manager can represent your accomplishments relative to your peer group and 2.) your last official review. You can have stellar, award-winning performance and with one or two challenging reviews you could be out.
Human Resources needs new leadership that thinks outside of the box.
Performance management system sucks because people are force to fit into a distribution curve which is not fair. Regardless of how poeple perform, someone must be a losser. Also compensation is not the best. For folks who joined the company earlier, they tend to be at a disadvantage i.e. if they didn't bargin well
Based on new team - Cons: -Lots of work making work-life balance difficult
If you get the wrong team with the wrong management - it can be an absolute nightmare!! If you have a management team that does not value the administrator role - there is no backing of what you do.
Senior management strategy around products and company direction
As the leadership that made MS successful has attritted, those joining (like COO from Walmart) lack the knowledge and people skills to continue the success. It is now a matrixed company of fearful fifedom leaders each protecting their favorite people at the expense of those who are actually productive. Much emphasis is placed on artificial review distributions that in essence are being used to reduce the workforce in a means to circumvent EEOC involvement. I would not want to work there today.
Poor work/life balance Some great managers, but others are not- very inconsistent
1. Review system sucks 2. All the long time incompetent lazy people make life difficult for those who really want to work and get stuff done for the customers 3. Buddy system in reviews and promotions - it is not about what you do and skills you have but who you drink with outside work that matters
Too much work - need to work in excess of 50 - 60 hours just to keep nose above water while the rest of you sinks
reviews, competition against each other, pressure,
Very heavy workload, they expect you to juggle a lot of simlutaneous projects--more than other places I've worked. Part of that is that one has lots of "internal" projects that are just process improvements, for example.  Also, the performance review process is extremely time-consuming.
- Calibration system for reviews reinforces individualistic behavior over team behavior, spend too many years in a level and your career here is over thanks to this system. - Work/life balance is poor - Many teams still develop using waterfall approach - Moving teams is very politically charged.
Too much bureaucracy. Too much cronyism. Culture stifles innovation.
growth is not amazing sometimes you feel getting things done is very beaurocratic.
poor place for women and thinking people
The ability to make an impact. Although I was a great performer and rewarded for my work, I never felt like the work I was doing was rewarding. I had a hard time quantifying how I was offering true impact in a world of people just like me, who all were upwardly mobile. Standing out and being a star was a challenge.
The start of the year, too many internal meetings. Too much time spent on internal reporting, not enough time in front of customers.
Company is relying too much on its past success, needs to reinvent itself
many reorgs happened, 20% chance on average falling into "low-perf" bucket which is politics in some sense
In ms, it's lack of challenge ,and a lot of work is done but lack of challenge. Big company has a lot of process.
The company culture can work against you, if you don't fit in. The weather in Redmond is pretty dreary most of the year.
Stress and large company politics combined with Microsoft-specific stressors like the absurd review model.
Convoluted and bizantine review process. Difficult to progress in carrer at the higher levels. Constant reorganization and consolidation creates a lot of downward pressure on job levels as senior positions get moved down the chain. Innovation is difficult given highly constrained development processes.
Stress and large company politics combined with Microsoft-specific stressors like the absurd review model.
Much effort was wasted during initial Win8.
Too process heavy in most divisions and also sometimes things are very secretive and not too transparent as to what exactly is happening behind the screens
Not intellectually stimulating to me personally.
Very limited respect or understanding of the marketing discipline. Some managers are great, but watch out - others are horrible to work for. You really have to make sure you don't end up in a poisoned org or with a poor manager.
Reorgs and change of directions, scope & product roadmap leads to some challenges for ICs. You will get new manager at least once in 2-3 years.
Political review process Process to get things done
- Lots of management - Sometimes communication from senior management is not great - Steve Ballmer is not a good CEO.
Internal politics, too many middle managers, too many vendors, everything is a process.
Segmented -- developers, testers rarely in front of the customer Behind -- MS Catching up in 2012 but have taken a beating from apple, google
Bureaucratic, territorial, and reactive. Promotions (or lack thereof) are sometimes arbitrary, with a "big boy's club" feel. Desperately needs new top management across the board.
Microsoft doesn't have a good history of merging aquired companies especially in the bay area where the culture of other companies may be very different.
My experience with management in my division was horrible. My initial manager wasn't deliberately a bad guy, but he should never have been put into a management role, this was harmful to careers of many people in his line. Upper management generally pays lip service to employee concerns, as does HR. They "say" they are serious, but they'll almost never require managers to justify actions that harm people (other than the most outrageous offenses).
Management buffers their own position by hiring incompetent support companies from India while laying off competent local contractors.
Transitioning within the company has gotten much harder with recruiting being left in the hands of hiring managers who do not do a good job of following up, providing feedback, etc. such that it feels like they don't care about talent management.
trust your people with the power to make decisions. Upper managment is often disconnected for the rest of the department
Too many meetings. Too many management re-orgs in the past year. Commute is horrible if you live in the city.
- Resistant to change (even for proven better practices) - Higher level people are very reluctant to listen to the junior people - Review system is completely broken (if they care about keeping the talented people) - No real innovation from within anymore. Most of the "innovation" is chasing a proven market and stomping out the competition.
Far too much middle management overhead and wasted time on things other than getting great stuff into the publics hands. Overly risk averse... roll the dice where it makes sense.
A lot of strange projects
It's too big and can't adjust fast enough.
it's getting more competitive every day. Changes to the review structure now forces you to stack rank and remove people from the company, even if they are good employees.
Benefits are slowly eroding Forced ranking is pushing out good employees with the not so good Lots of poor managers at all levels
Having worked at Microsoft for 12 years in U.S. Field Sales, I saw a big upswing in employee turnover in recent years. Since KT took over the shift has been back to low cost of sale, very specialized product sales roles focused on quarter to quarter revenue attainment. Most managers drive business from a spreadsheet, spending less time with customers and employees. Very complex compensation miodel. I think this can turn around, but right now it's not a happy place to be selling. They need to promote some diversity, not just Type-A spreadsheet jockey's on Red Bull...
Too top heavy Low salaries and incentives
Competitive pay for performance is often discouraging to high-performing employees who receive little or no merit increases based on how they rank against their peers
Microsoft has the toes into so many industries and products, that they seem to lose sight of the big goal sometimes. Their tendency to insist on using nothing but their own products is also a source of headaches.
MS put people in career levels but the way to decide which level you are in is not very precise.
Too big a company to manage
Too big a company to manage
Products are generally playing catch up relative to real industry leaders, the middle-management bureaucracy is enormous and totally oblivious to modern tech trends, cross-discipline collaboration is a joke, and Seattle generally kinda sucks.
Some groups are awful. Cutthroat attitudes exist in various (though certainly not all) places and at all levels. Management is very uneven, some managers are great, many are barely competent, and some are Managers From Hell.
In general things seem to move slowly. This is from the top all the way to the bottom. This is most likely due to and unsolvable by Microsoft having more than 90K employees. Further, there are many more planning and vision meetings than necessary to nail down a focus or a feature. This is true at the team, project, and org levels. Planning and verification are absolutely necessary, but not to the extent of obnoxiously slow development and response to bugs.  In my opinion, there's too much "kool-aid" in the company. I understand people are passionate about our products and what we do, but there's a hypocrisy in teaching "avoid 'Not Invented Here' syndrome" while simultaneously challenging competitor products on purely emotional instead factual grounds. I also feel there's a significant level of hero worship which detracts from seeing superiors as actual coworkers and not as demigods among mortals.
could get hectic reiew system can bog one down
you take charge of a very small part of the whole software for several years and cannot learn much.
Highly political 1 bad review and you career is dead Culture of copying competition without really believing it can win Weather sucks Too much focus on perception of yourself vs actual results Review system is like american idol Poor Work life balance Need a good manager to protect you otherwise you become easy target to become the next 10%
Crowded office situation, quite often having to share an office. Lots of egos to work with. Commute to and from is not fun.
No work-life balance at all and FTEs could definitely improve and get some serious training on how they treat V- and A- contractors.
I feel like I could be making a larger contribution if I worked at a smaller company or SV area startup.
Microsoft was initially an awesome place to work, but as the years pass it becomes less appealling.  In Cambridge, MA there's not much opportunity to change teams, and not much new is happenning. If you do want to work for Microsoft, I'd highly recommend you consider moving to Seattle/Redmond where opportunities are almost endless.  The annual performance evaluation, stack ranking leaves a significant amount of the company feeling demoralized and detracts from focusing on producing good work.
Depending on your manager and team, sometimes growth is slow, lot of politics and complex and confusing review process which is not always fair when you compare different teams and different levels of competencies between teams as the "curve"/ "rating" is done within the context of a team.
Lack of urgency around critical new product launches and ability to compete in key areas (tablets, mobile, Internet), lack of prioritization, people focused on self-preservation vs making right decisons and working in teams.
Seattle traffic sucks, but at least the company is all over trying to give us solutions and options -- free bus passes, work-remote options, carpool incentives, flexible working arrangements. The Connector bus service all around the region is pretty incredible, even though I don't ride it all that often.
- Your work environment depends a lot on the management of your team. It can be hit or miss. Some managers are very snarky and will play the game. They'll write things in your review to keep you from switching teams even if you get a decent bonus. From talking to others, it seems like there are a handful of managers who aren't concerned with YOUR career growth and success but rather their own. No one treats you like a human being and recognizes the hard work and long hours you put in - you're just another slave. I've heard stories about how people's reviews get messed up out of the blue and thus are forced to look externally. I've also heard stories about better teams on the other end of the spectrum but it seems like it's a rare thing.
* Organizational silos are brutal here - cross-group collaboration is getting better but still a major issue that the company needs to work on * Not for everyone - you really have to own your development plan and commitments here - no one is going to hold your hand * Corporate resources are plentiful and high quality, but can be very difficult to navigate * Re-orgs are an unfortunate, regular part of life here * Your Microsoft experience may vary considerably from group to group, so a lot depends on your immediate manager (which is good if you have a good one, but can be disastrous if you have a bad one) * There are so many talented, bright, and hardworking people here that it can be very difficult to get noticed and advance - it's easy to get lost in the crowd of 80,000+ FTE's
a bit political at times. cross group collaboration needs work because people are often threatened that their toes are being stepped on.
It is getting too big as a tech company. Its disadvantage in moving slowly is painfully apparent when compared to younger competitor such as Google.
Review model creates unhealthy environment
Highly, highly political environment - your career depends on who you know, self-promotion, and your relationship with your boss. People overwhelming prefer electronic versus physical interaction - leads to a sterile and silo'ed environment. Kool-aid drunk employees, often don't know what's going on outside of Microsoft.
Management within product groups is extremely adversarial and it is impossible to advance your career without becoming part of this clique.
Politics, promotion and good performance are very tricky. Less and less company potential. Insider only think the idea of old windows time, they don't honor innovation.
powerpoint company. Promos are given to people who produce powerpoints
Large company. You're competing for review points against your peers and sometimes team mates which breeds this sort of "arms length" partnership for the most compeitive folks.
Large company's bureaucracy and policy. Too much mid-level management
all of these are mostly in Microsoft ecosystems and your expertise will be limited to those when you move.
Was stuck with a manager for several years that stagnated my growth Commonsense dies the further you go up the management chain 2-4th tier managers do not think about hte bottom line and manage information up We're to Top Down and stifle IC innovation to much email and at all hours To little in person communication A lot of push on opinions without open mindedness to change or alternative options. "what my manager says, I do."
huge workload and time line sequence
Not many opportunities outside of Seattle.
More about how you report your activities rather than what they are
Horrific performance review system, back stabbing, politics, product chaos, Cloud schizophrenia, frequently incompetent management, limited advancement opportunities (stuck in one level for long time), obsession with scorecard (if it is not in the scorecard, it does not exist), zero charisma at the top, focus on tactical planning dressed like "strategic".
Very subjective review system. Lots of process - some necessary, but some is burdensome. Very competive environment - you need to bring your A-game, or you'll get passed by. You have to "manage your career" to get ahead - choose the right teams, right projects, ensure your personal visibility is high & your personal "brand" is positive.
Microsoft has become very conservative over the years. There has been a noticeable increase in risk aversion. Management is so conservative that some people are unwilling to even take risks on their own employees much less big bets in the marketplace. Also, it is very hard to grow professionally which I believe is due in large part to how conservative Microsoft has become.  In addition, it is really hard to move around at Microsoft. The internal interviews are no different than external. They don't seem to care about your performance to date just whether or not you can pass the interview loop. It's actually easier to interview externally than internally.
- Most great ideas don't see the light of day - cult of personality-driven advancement and recognition - long days and constant work expected as the norm
- Short-sighted strategy at management level, seems management wants to show short-term gains, get their bonuses, and move on. Ambitious projects with little vision are started and killed later or shipped half-baked (and the plug is soon pulled) - NIH syndrome, and reluctance to adopt industry standards - SteveB is CEO
Been there for over a decade. Over the past few years, MS has morphed from a company in which I've been proud to work to an environment to one that's stifling, very political, and toxic. The new review system is highly subjective, very few like it. It doesn't matter how many points you put up on the board, it's who you know and who is going to support you in the calibration meetings, which determine your future at the company. Where's BillG when we need him?
very difficult for administrators to leave discipline even if they have the education to do other roles.
Hours can be long. Competition between teams and groups can be intense. Upper management could use a shake up. And the company could handle a major restructuring to get the stock moving up instead of staying flat.
limited growth. company is too big to be nimble.
easy to make mistakes which cost dearly at review time
As a contractor you are a work horse and the patsy for all that goes wrong and no credit for the right or success. If there is a conflict with the process or work ethics of an FTE you are ignored and then hunted until you are pushed out and blamed for all the failures previous or current. The slander that the FTE's feel they are entitled to dish out about people without a voice is abnoxious and dangerous. I reccommend you watch your back at all times in any organization within Staffing.
Planning/Review system is out dated. Personal grows is very impacted by the manager and team. Sometime the stress in job can be high.
Good ol' boys club in Waltham office as far as sales manager and competence If a sales manager does not like you - watch out - your days are numbered at Microsoft and there is very little recourse as far as HR stepping into very unfair situations It is who you know that gets you promoted - not by achievement or talent
Stock isnt what it used to be Not percieved as cool anymore
politics crawls in, each group wants to empower their tiny component or product and leads to competition between products
- Wrt career progress/reviews, its not what you do that matters, its who you know - Very political management. Stress is not due to work but due to politics at work - Heavy favoritism towards certain employees - Too many processes for simple things
Permanent playing catch up og Google and Apple and now Facebook and selling this as a success within the company Lots of favouritism Screwed up review system that turned into a beauty contest that is NOT based on achievements Very political - if your project is good, but may be little controversial to the GM - you will not go anywhere with it Everything driven by visibility not by usefulness to the business and bottom line No innovation Taking risks and thinking outside of the box is not rewarded Very long time to get next promotion (heavy brown nosing required if you are willing to go faster) Heavy (and I mean it) heavy beaurocracy If you try to change jobs within the company, the management is very likely to ruin your career Layers and layers and layers of middle management that does not bring any value besides of cheerleading
1. Stupid annual review process pits employees against each other even if team is highly successful. 2. Pretty boring products overall. 3. Many managers are nothing more than lying weasels. 4. Company tries so hard to do things right that it loses any edge it has and has become a bland, boring place to kill your time.
The group I happened to be in had management with A LOT of friends and a buddy system going on. Of course, I was there before new management came in and took over. They brought a lot of their friends and buddies over with them. You can guess what happens when it's time for ratings and promotions.
Challenging to work in groups that are outside their "sweet spot." Different markets and solutions can require different approaches, but Microsoft will just continue to do things the same way. I was brought in as a senior industry hire, and that was frustrating.
Same reasons above - just in reverse. You are only as good as the new manager or sherrif in town, number of reorgs and folks propensity to get a new job in 2 years impacts the ability to provide a consistent or predictable partner or customer experience.
Management has scope for improvement
Redmond centric, all growth opportunities in redmond, slow, out of touch with internet pace
If you get stuck with a bad manager, work life can be difficult at Microsoft. Your yearly review has way too much dependence on your lead or skip level lead. Also, if you switch teams at the wrong time in the review cycle, this could negatively impact your review. This can be damaging to your career at Microsoft. It isn't necessarily fair, but working here is a choice and that comes with pros and cons.
Performance reviews are based on a curve, they have you competing against individuals on your own team as well as the org you're in. So, it's sort of a dog-eat-dog world...
The management is poor. The company tries to maintain a small company feel, but lots of good people are lost because the managers are poor. The company is more reactive than proactive, and there seems to be management and structural changes at least once a year, often more than that. Much of the technology feels stale and only in some of the sectors is there true innovation.
Stock, limited opportunities, 401k plan, management says one thing does another, Sr. Management can't be trusted.
Having worked in different groups, there is a common pattern - Advance with the idea that the company provides a fair ground for everyone, but drive your goals and team without a real regard of principles. Pigmalion effect of any big company.
They are trying to create an image of a perfrect company that cares about others but in reality they treat their employees like nothing. "Realizing your potential" is actualy trying to realize the potential of their bank account. If you have an opinion, that's great, keep it for yourself or you'll get hurt. Nonformal dress code ? right ... make sure you dress up nicely
Not innovative, too big of a company, bureaucracy
HUGE bureucratic company, very slow at reacting to the market, very little innovation
Slow growth for ICs. Need to spent fixed years in a job before getting promotion
Increased bureaucracy and nepotism in last 3 years
some of the product units have poor leadership lot of overlapping or redundant projects difficult to switch groups within Silicon Valley
Management does not have accountabilities and this flows down to the employees. New review system encourages people to become slackers. Working hard will get you a 3 (average). Working 60+ hours will get you a 2 (above average). Working all the time or sleeping with management will get you a 1 or 1+. If you do 30-40 hours a week (10-15 of real work) you get a 4. The only pay difference is a few 1000 per year. So why work hard any more. Unless you are willing to sell your soul its not worth the extra 3000 you would get with a 1 (compared to 3).
Microsoft is a very large company with a fairly deep hierarchy. The opportunities for true entrepreneurs is far less today than it was 10 years ago. It is much more difficult to start something new at Microsoft.
Stunted growth, frog-in-a-well attitude creeps in quickly
There's far too much politics in this company for it to function well. What's worse is that because of this, the people who politic the most (who is also ones who do the least meaningful work) get promoted fasted and makes the company worse.
-Annual review system forces bottom 20% each year to be eventually managed out of the company, making for an extremely stressful workplace -Microsoft appears to be in the process of laying off or otherwise turning over 20% of the workforce over the next 3 - 5 years -Technical skills acquired are Microsoft centric and not transferable to other companies -Performance ratings are too dependent on the immediate manager (leaving you at the mercy of manipulative managers) -The work environment is extremely political, requiring a lot of maneuvering to get ahead, and there is no teamwork -All product strategy is ultimately based on defending the Windows business, so there is no innovation (just being a fast follower) -All products are perenially focused on catching up with competitors to prevent marketshare erosion (e.g. Windows 8 to combat iPad, Office "Online" to combat Google Apps, Windows Server to combat VMWare, etc.) -Management is focused more on building empires for themselves, and not on doing the right things for Microsoft -Medical benefits will be severely cut back starting in 2013 (moving to Health Savings Account, etc.) -Base salary is not competitive with rest of tech industry -Stock has gone nowhere in 10+ years :-)
1) Leadership is lacking vision 2) Organizations are very politically motivated and not very customer cenrtic.
Decision making takes a long time, moving an elephant Competition becomes very intense at high levels Stock has not moved on 10 years
No opportunity for rapid financial growth. MS stock has been flat for decades. Not easy to move to new area.
Horrible work-life balance, some bad managers.
Bad senior management Inconsistent performance system Lack of future direction
lot's of re-orgs, management can be clueless on how things actually work, too many chiefs and not enough indians, management can be smug, rock star mentality and too much focus on shipping and not enough on laying foundation and long term goals, not the best place for creative- more PM oriented. Company fosters a very aggressive culture, cross team cooperation is overly difficult
Bonehead executive decisions dilute companys strength. Difficult to know how to grow to the next step in your career.
Depending on what part of the company you work in your experience of what Microsoft is, will be completely different.
Politics and crony-ism keeps the best ideas buried.
The employee review system is political, stressful and toxic. There is a thick layer of middle management that confuses, slows down or even actively sabotages career growth and business success. There is opportunity for financial award and technical growth, but you need to put in very long hours and extensive networking to find the product teams that provide this, get into them, and then be able to stay in them. Overall, the risk/reward ratio is not worth it unless you have very specialized skills, are good at navigating political environments, or have the room in your personal life to make playing "the game" your prime focus for many years.
Very large corporate environment. Company acts as many small units, not often united. Pay and benefits are not competitive in non-SoftwareEngineering roles.
- compensation is good - but considering net income feels miserly - male dominated culture and leadership structure - lack of nuance in appreciating and using people's talents - too much overselling of accomplishments
Too large now, needs to slim down some projects.
Much like any company, there are a certain amount of office politics you have to deal with. This gets old fast.
The review/calibration model, all employees are fit against a forced-distribution curve.
Less compensation as compared to others, very difficult to penetrate the existing crowd, kinda political atmosphere to work in it
- Reviews tend to be about visibility and who you know - Re-orgs happen too frequently, which can be a pro or con depending on where you land - Too much middle management - Salary. If you stay for a long time, you don't get much year over year. If you just joined, salary is competitive
Getting involved with the wrong group can kill your career in a heartbeat. Steer clear of PQO also now known as ECO, this group is poison to your career and advancement.
Lots of bad managers. Microsoft focuses on hiring great Devs, Testers, and PMs, and expects that somewhere along in their careers, after being promoted and rewarded for being great Devs, Testers, and PMs, that they suddenly learn how to be great managers too. Three of the absolute worst managers of my adult life have been at Microsoft. I've also had some very good managers, including my current manager, but they are few and far between.
* Company is living off its past * Sr management is mis-guided and no longer on cutting edge or aware of market's direction * Employees only spend time on internal e-mailing, much of which has little impact on new products/customers * No teamwork - all individual contributors
There is a very high bureaucracy tax. There are many re-orgs to sidetrack entire teams and individual obstacles (crazy frameworks for everything) are all over the place. You half to be half-politician to have a successful career here and the review process can be either lucrative or maddeningly arbitrary and painful (depending on many factors out of your control). It's a great place for people who want to drink the cool-aid and settle and be comfortable... and can be frustrating for others.
Process and tools. Most common complaint of anyone whose work is not strictly coding.. "this is the best software company in the world so why do we use the worst software systems and tools ever!" Anyone who has touched the HR or Recruiting tools in MS can tell you in a sigle word.. downtime! Then stack on heavy compliance process, an overload of decision makers and approval process, and then always hire a team contractor anlaysts to come in and replace the tools and systems people use with worse tools, so they get less done.
Culture does not reward creativity or innovation well (despite constantly "seeking" it) Appearance of success more important than actual success (at times) Highly perception driven Lots of not so smart people whose main goal is to keep getting paid
speed innovation Brand perception Pay for performance
Innovation is not encouraged or no space to do innovation.
Dragged down by underperforming divisions. We should axe them or sell them.
Size of company allows for some internal competition/lack of alignment.
"This is how we do things here, even if it's wrong".  Having standards are more important than getting things right.  Microsoft used to have people who were geniuses. Now they are smarter than average, but think they are geniuses.  HR is worse than Jack Bauer's CTU.
There is no incentive for team-work and there is an excess of politics that hinders productivity.
Overworked Politics Silo environment Extremely competitive and at times it can be a very cutthroat environment.....not worth the hassle
Experiencing turmoil of being directionless
Some crappy people Bureaucracy high-churn pigeonhole political Can only work on Microsoft technologies Slow to market Focus on process (not outcome)
Performance Management. Too much polictics, redundant
A drive to focus on filling in red yellow green boxes has in the past three years started to hurt the company. Lack of vision and inability to effectively absorb some very technologically fine acqusitions has been depressing to watch. Work Life balance is mostly given lip service.
Too much emphasis on visibility which may neglect people who's doing solid work Stock is not moving anywhere for 10 years? I see solid people forced to get a low rating due to strict curve.
Management (in general) can make for some truly caustic work environments, sucking all the joy and morale out of groups. I've have seen some talented people in management who strive to improve their groups, but they are the exception, not the rule. Yeah, this sounds cliche, but areas of MS can make Dilbert look prophetic.
None that i can think of at the moment. Plenty of career options within the company if employees wish to choose them.
Forced review curve encourages employees to put on a show for managers instead of doing actual work. This has led to the unfortunate position MS is in now in the consumer space - no marketability, poor reaction times
low salaries less rewarding reviews and performance appraisals
Increasingly sclerotic corporate culture. Company is perpetually trying to catch up with industry leaders such as Apple and Google. Lack of opportunity for advancement as a truly individual contributor. Declining lack of morale as employees realize that they are considered replaceable commodities rather than unique assets.
Too much process overhead for well established team. Too much bureaucracy in some big organizations. Unreasonably enforced curve for performance review. Extremely hard to climb up ladder in some big money making groups. For IC role, experience doesn't matter much. Some group even prefers new graduates.
Bloated at the mid level Too many mid layer manager/leads Needs to shed a lot of fat and become lean and mean
Sometimes political issues and the tedious performance review process
It's become a huge bureaucracy... The focus is on pleasing the shareholders (& wallstreet) instead of the customer. The "always be growing or get out" mentality pushes out good people who are happy at their current level -- to get ahead you have to sacrifice your personal life.
Focus on the consumer and the decision making that is happening in the social media space. Don't just catch Apple, pass Apple! Become more focused on continually creating cool technology that consumers love, and that in turn can drive enterprise level decisions.
The salaries are low compared to other big IT companies. You probably need to wait a long time for a promotion.
No oversight of poor management review can kill your career Some managers are given the role before they are ready Too many cliques and trible knowledge on some teams Some senior managers make global decisions for personal reasons without understanding the real company impact Some managers use fear rather than leadership as their means of providing incentive
After more than 5 years, if you don't climb the ladder it gets boring. Laterly not many things go right.
Processes get created sometimes for the sake of having processes. Far too much internal focus during the planning cycle, losing sight of why we're in business.
Political Moves by management Have to move around before a bad review to stay hot Once tainted with a bad review its hard to come back but not impossible
Decisions are often made based on political clout at the top levels rather than based on a cohesive strategy. Review and promotion system can be inconsistent.
Everything is per-manager-discretion, which means that if you get a bad manager you are toasted. And not only that, because if the manager gives you a bad review, then you are also in very bad shape to look for positions in any other departments.
microsoft is a big company, and as a result change can be slow. Its like a big boat with small rudder.
Just like any big company, you need to proactively manage your career to insure you are getting what you need. Due to the size of the company, decisions and projects move slower than ideal.
Horrible review system, cut-throat competition, bad middle management
- Management isn't always good. - Leadership communication.
Glass ceiling. Many weak PMs.
Overly bureaucratic processes and systems Tenure is rewarded over performance
Senior managers where this is their first job out of college and would most likely not be able to work elsewhere in the software industry in a similar capacity.
Many management policies built around 'least common denominator' among the employees. So sometimes even exceptionally skilled employees get held back due to some policies and processes built for average employees. This prevents the company and groups to move faster.
Highly Matrixed but still innovative
It is now a big company and has many management processes that adds a lot of unproductive time. This can be very frustrating.
bad system and culture, a dying company. bad management
- Frequent re-orgs, without any strategic direction - Insular culture. The more years you spend here the more unemployable you'll become outside MS - Connections matter for finding/landing the right opportunities within the company as well as to be rewarded/recognized for the work you do. - Every other team will want to stick a finger in your pie. Teams compete among themselves rather than with competitors outside the company. - Too many peacocks strutting about as Architects, who drag teams through re-design after re-design of the same feature for months. - Far too many VPs, executives and layers of management. - Fad for functional triads (Dev, Test, PM) which is at times totally dysfunctional
Of course, as a big company, Microsoft moves slow on some things. Long release cycles are a part of the culture of shipping boxed software. But a lot of it is changing with increased focus on the Web.
Redmond not the one of the best places to live in-- weather was decent, pay was ok, not enough feedback
Promotions are biased and one person decision. Managing up is only important. No value for manager feedback or MS Poll feedback
Highly political Screwed up review process (which makes the company political) No real innovation Lousy leadership Was once a hot company
1. poor senior management 2. Painful, non-working review process 3. too much process and redtape 4. lack of professional growth as the top ladder filled with veterans 5. lack of passion from senior management.
The company culture is messed up. They are no longer innovators. I would recommend MS to only people that want to take it easy and are ok to deal with politics.
Too many people work there.
Too mature about some things - over-engineered processes
The word performance is frequently highlighted by top management at all levels however many times it does not translate to reality when employees are evaluated. Main metrics such as quota attainment, commitments achieved, and peer/customer feedback can be ignored when managers stack rank their employees. The process ends up being extremely biased, working more similar to a popularity contest than fair measurement of performance metrics (with perhaps just a few necessary adjustments). For those who have been with the company for a while it is clear that overall employees in the frontline fell a lot of instability. At last, career progress in the field is very limited as well. High performers in the low base of the pyramid tend to leave earlier as a result.
- stock is stagnant - takes long to reach 4 weeks vacation - cafeterias are bad
Management politics and teams not collaborating
location of work lack flexibilty
- not quick to adapt to market - tried and tested ways of doing this. less flexible to try new things - innovation is stifled
Midcore management and lack of leadership. Lawless review system and very political atmosphere.
Demoralizing, overly competitive, backstabbing work environment.
Large company - navigation and and politics
Like many companies, there are managers that should have stayed on individual contribution paths. Leadership is learned and you can do damage a team by placing someone in a roll without ensuring they have the skills to manage.
Changes slowly Communication from management is confused or non-existent Culture has not adapted to the changing dynamics of the industry and maturity of Microsoft
- it is increasingly hard for a junior employee to advance to a management position quickly because there are too many senior people at the company and hence not enough senior positions open - poor stock (despite record earnings every year, stock has not moved in a long time) - need better PR and marketing at the company to impress investors as well as to create a more innovative brand
Stock is stagnant. The Pacific Northwest is cloudy all the time. Ok, not all the time, but most of the time.
It is a very big company and the decision becomes a kind of slow. Like a person, it is in its med-life crisis.
Most often you dont get exposure to other non-MS technologies. You will have to put in extra effort to keep yourself uptodate.
- politics compromise product quality - complicated, ever-evolving organizational structure - work/life balance can be complicated - not enough people to get all of the work done - performance review model - engineering culture dominates
Working in Redmond is a drag if you are a Seattle resident. The review process can be disadvantageous in some organizations, depending on what it is they value. If you work in a matrix-based organization, there can be challenges in making sure your work is "visible" to the people who actually make decisions about your advancement. There is some evidence that the process of innovation is not alive or well in some groups. Previously, it seemed the Microsoft underpaid, but it appears that is improving pretty quickly. Reorganizations can be frequent, and disruptive, in some organizations, and at some times.
The culture has just become flawed. Employees are rewarded by shipping features instead of rewarded for creating better products. This is why the products feel so heavy and bloated. Too many teams compete against each other rather than being focused on the competition.
A lot of pressure from up down to drive for results. Less opportunity for lateral movement compared to a few years ago.
When Microsoft was all about passion, technology and customers no one minded the long hours and non-optimized interpersonal relationship skills of our senior management. We had a shared mission, vision and goals. There is no longer a positive variance on the "my deal at microsoft' balance sheet for employees. Long hours, abysmal collaboration at all levels, and an interpersonal environment that feels increasingly like Wal-Mart.
Does not pay too much.
harshly aggressive and competetive to the point of being mean.The management wouldnt hesitate in harming if it meets their ends
Upper leadership needs to be more supportive of lower level employees
Pitiful raises Poor management feedback and awareness of individuals' contributions 10% of employees get thrown under the bus every annual review Review system encourages back-stabbing, discourages teamwork Poor work-life balance Some groups have sweat-shop hours Company seems to regard most employees as liabilities rather than assets
Slow and highly process oriented in decision making, conservative about implementing new projects / features, not much importance given to creativity
too much work to handle work life balance unavoidable internal politics no definite direction less recognition less inventions less fun
People are recognized for having an opinion, whether relevant/valuable, or not. This leads to tons of unnecessary overhead associated with getting things done.
- Working for this company will drain all your creative energy and passion. They don't reward creativity, good ideas, and innovation. Instead, any good ideas are put down, so that it will leave room for senior management to gain points. It is almost like beating your own relative instead of beating your enemy. My goodness, this is why Apple has surpassed this company in innovation and creativity  - Low pay - Under valued - Your talent does not count or mean anything. It is all about their stupid review process (very rigid and corporate review process)  - Hyper-competitive inside culture for the wrong reason. Instead of focusing all your effort on beating the hell out of your competitors, you focus more on beating your co-workers. (very idiotic process).  -The Stack rank reviews are just pure evil. Even if there are 10 super-star performers on a team, one of them gets an under performed rating just because someone has to fill that gap, very cut-throat politics.  - too many dinosaurs (old schoolers) that does not want to think outside the box. Old mind set, afraid of risk, and these dinosaurs are only concerned about maintaining what they already have so that they don't rock the boat.  - Stingy!  - Slowly but surely turning into IBM.
I think the process overhead at msft is growing
Too slow to react to market changes, heavy processes in most departments, heavy bureaucracy in some departments
Unfortunately over time those people lose their creative edge and ability to drive really exciting things for the business. Executive leadership is too afraid to take risks and seems out of touch with customer needs. In my opinion, people end up spending a lot of time managing internal politics rather than external opportunities.
used to be fun when Bill was here competitive am i a statistic or an employee? temp employees replacing permanents management changes and structure changes frequent ambiguity and vague goals too proud of the brand
Too many processes Health benefit is changing People get pushed to show visibility and that dips into your time and effort in assuring product quality
If you ever get a mediocre review, life is hell. Compensation will be changing next year. Forefront, yes, but often times it is chasing, not leading.
Company is increasingly out of touch and falling behind. Bureaucracy and politics inhibit the ability to pursue business opportunities effectively. No vision.
Grading on curve Slow promotions for an average developer. Too much red tape + politics + micromanagement sometimes
Your experience, performance, and opportunities are heavily determined by your direct manager's support, and indirectly, your skip-level manager. Regardless of whether you do good work or bad, the process is highly political. If you have a bad relationship with your manager, even if it isn't "your fault", you're set up for failure. It is, unfortunately, a pre-requisite that you manage this relationship first before your actual work performance, because little else matters if your manager does not go up to bat for you.  For me, I was lucky to have supportive direct managers. For many of my peers, however, I've seen very poor managers and there is little the system can do to protect employees from bad managers. Crap shoot at times.
Very engineering oriented, business guys dont call the shots Vision Growth
MS doesn't provide good compensation
Microsoft transitioned from start-up to established company while I was there, which meant that all of the "A" team cashed in and left the second/third stringers to fill the void. And it's virtually impossible for outside leadership to come in with Microsoft's culture: almost everyone who's brought in at the general manager level from outside leave within five years.
Politics, very different experience on different teams.
A good percentage of those smart people have a big ego and so you have to figure out how to coexist. Politics is HUGE at Microsoft. There are a lot of folks who make technical decisions that have no business making those decisions.
Salary is not competitive. Stagnant stock growth. Non competitive technologies. Not much creativity. Some what arrogant attitude in the team.
The Pay in the College hire is verry low, and hard to catch up bacause of the HR rules.
Keep eyes open for opportunities to acquire companies when they are small!
lack of creativity, aspiration and ability to get things done.
not a great place anymore
They value visibility more than making a great product and that takes away your time more + effort in assuring product quality  System or process is made to make management be ahead while you are left behind cleaning their mess. Management is only concerned about their success, you are just a pawn to them if you don't have seniority. Management will take your ideas and hard work and claim it as theirs.  Company process is still stuck in the 90's. They don't like change and are afraid of risk and good ideas.  Your 150% effort and hard work is not enough, you need to cut your arm and your leg to get ahead or stab someone in the back.  Work and Life balance is very poor.  Stingy, cheap, penny pinching - (anything that describes Scrooge)  Morale = low
Extremely poor leadership and decision making - lack of conviction and courage.
Slow carrer development Microsoft reputation lack of passion and slow pace
The downside of having a large pool of smart people is that there are also a lot of egos and a lot of very political survivors who are not adept enough at getting a job outside Microsoft... but they have worked out how to deal with the political landscape and HR policies to survive.  HR is another major downside at MS. A forced curve rating system means for most people the competition isn't Google, Apple or Oracle... it's their peers. Unless you play that game (to the detriment of the way we are seen outside the office) you will lose. The health plan used to be amazing, now it's just merely good. If you're young and single it's find, but older folks or those with a family might want to consider that
The huge (but unfortunately necessary) bureaucracy.
Inexperienced management and company doesn't value management skills in people development which results in continued poor management and employee performance is affected. New employee compensation has reduced company ownership indicating that Microsoft is not as invested in keeping their employees long term. This view is specifically indicated by the recent (April 2011) memo of changing performance compensation to include less stock awards (long term valuation) in lieu of increased cash payment (a short term valuation).
Cut throat culture Work Life Balance is poor
The deathmarch to meet rediculous deadlines can really burn people out. Other times, the veil of secrecy results in unnecessary obstacles and churn.
1. not as innovative as competitors 2. not as flexible as competitors 3. too much politics 4. weird PM and test system
Big products - big teams = major time spent on communication. Market leading products - regulatory pains in behinds, e.g. documentation for Office Server includes every single stored procedure that's part of the product. Long-lived products - major backward compatibility issues.  In the big teams, career advancement comes more from being risk-averse and having good communication to management than from innovation and technical prowess. To some extent, that's reasonable, but the focus is too much on the former IMHO.
Can be difficult to maintain work life balance
1. compensation is not so great (it's raising)
Lots of email every day. You really need to how to to manage your email/meetings Too many partner dependecies which make product development cycles long and forever. (But I think this may be beacuse all Microsoft products are integrated pretty well unlike other companies)
A lot of disparate teams with often incompetent employees.
Reviews are a horrible demotivator. Not clear what exactly is required to get ahead. Review process lacks transparency and needs serious overhaul.
There are a lot of internal politics. Projects can get cut at any moment and without warning. Not customer focused. A lot of work gets moved to offshore teams.
The compensation system sets us up for internal conflict. I think this is holding us back, HR's not helping advance the state of the art.
sometimes too huge and hence a tad slow to respond
Things move slowly working through the bueracracy can be tedious.
Projects are never "agile" in nature, at least not anything in Windows. The review process has undergone some churn over the years but I still don't feel it is accurate of the effort that has been put in. High turnover in management only compounds this problem.
not effective communication huge work load less collaboration cross segments
-- Job scope Microsoft has grown into a company where a lot of the jobs have rigidly defined scopes and it becomes about doing whatever it is that will please your maanger and maybe one to two of their peers to do "well" at review time. It used to take an understanding of the product and the business and someone that was willing to step up and "do the right thing" at the right time to make sure the product would ship on time and with high quality. Now it feels that more people just look to management to spoon feed them what they will do for the next day or week... I miss the vision each person used to take into the job where they wanted to become the world expert in ____ and make that area they owned the best code / solution possible. Again - this could be an artifact of the large growth and maybe there are just as many folks still doing what I am wishing for as there was 15 years ago but it gets drowned out in the signal:noise ratio.
Even if you are rock star Engineer. Sometimes, manager can makes to very de-motivating. So, stay focused on your work.
Layered, middle-managers trip over each other Decent hihg-level leadership Needs more execution muscle Too late to recent major innovations in the market
not much room for job growth it is still all about Windows
Significant internal politics More focus on internal competition than on external competition.
too many ups and downs, and cut throath attitude, also rudeness
You will be expected to work smart and hard. Flexible hours are normal, but you WILL need to put in a lot of hours to be successful relatiev to your peers. The company strikes a good balance between asking much from their employees but giving flexibility to support different schedules and outside demands.
Long development cycles, almost every product in Microsoft rely on long stabilization period where Test try to find bugs and Development just fix bugs. 90% of the bugs are nice to have type of bugs that would better be delivered as incremental update to product once it is releases. A lot of politices and processes specially around release management. You could fix a bug in 10 minutes and spend a month trying to get it into a patch Review process rely on fitting team members on curve following normal distribution so your relationship with your manager and how much influence he/she has in addition to which part of the project management perceive as important play more factor in deciding where you land more than your actual contribution.
lot of interesting roles and opportunies are in Redmond. Silicon valley is mostly a collection of acquisitions with empahsis on R&D and tapping in silicon valley talent
Sometimes ambiguous targets. i.e. sometime we are not provided enough clarity about what or how we are measured as employees.
Steve Ballmer needs to retire. Company needs to become competitive again not just a cash cow
there are some politicals, oh, well, it must have been true for all giant companies like msft. not too much
Incompetent management that promotes the culture of heroism and fire fighting. Whiners are recognized and quiet problem-solvers are ignored. Collaboration is given lip service only leading to same problems being solved over and over again in different teams.
A more diverse corporate culture is needed. Diversity needs to be appreciated at the company. Also, employee recognition and advancement should be based on how they perform their jobs and not other reasons.
1. Too review oriented. 2. Too much management and process overhead. 3. Company is huge and so the feeling of camaraderie with fellow employees isnt there.
Too big, sometime a lot of politics.
Human dignity, talent, money, as well as many other things that people normally would think valuable are all quite cheap in this company.
The account team doesn't place a priority against competing against vmware. They make excuses and conseed the market to VMware.
Passion, hardwork, and innovative thinking seems much less important than it once was. Flawed review system.
Lots of processes, not common across teams.
Old boy's network, tedious review process, compensation plan too complex and too much focus on subjective criteria. Product vs sales focused
penny cheap - do not expect good salary or bonus  tons of politics - you notice the something weird but you never know why  no respect to employee, managers yelling at you often and never satisfied (you could imagine why because they are also being abused and disregarded the same as you), humiliating and insulting words like "we have high standards", "you are supposed to know", "you only meet our minimum requirement", ( yes, they have high standard but low salaries and want to compete with G, what a joke! )  monthly commitment - you are required to write down tasks you must finish. even if it's delayed or not done due to bad plans , it's your fault and put on the final review because "you're supposed to know"
navigating the ladder can be tough
1. they don't care about projects. 2. they don't care about your growth. 3. lots of politics and be ready to suck any s**t.
Flexible time schedule means, 'hey you can work anytime' to some people Almost complete incompetence in middle management Middle management works 35 hours a week tops Horrible, constantly changing review system
Company is too big. To many fights within departments. Keep trying to do everything Apple does. Run by "business" people not tech people.
Employee moral is declining, this was not the case in early days.
Microsoft has an extremely politicized environment. Decisions rely heavily on judgment calls behind the scenes.
Poor Leadership in some areas, lack of Agility/Flexibility due to size and having to work with other divisions, not the greatest salaries, Stock price
There was constant change of management in the organization I was in, and this left employees with little faith in the overall direction of the business unit.
* Outdated process learned from Windows & Office, struggles to work on the Web (Waterfall) * Slow and rigid release cycles * Outdated internal tools & processes, doesn't keep up with the world outside of MSFT and has fallen behind * Very political, lots of internal competition * Bonuses & Promotions incentivize only shipping on time, not quality and not our customers * Managers act more like accountants than engineers, they only know how to cut costs but lack in innovation and vision * Most of all, people aren't passionate about what they're doing or the product they're working on. Just a paycheck for most.
bad traffic and rain are depressing.
Upper management is clueless. They don't understand technology or how to run a compnay.
Depends on your manager. If you had a bad manager, HR is their just to cover tracks for the company.
Not so good salary Too much politics Flawed review system Screwed work-life balance
too political good old boy environment always having to defend the product and company
* Performance on bellcurve * Politics * On the way down compared to Apple, Google, Amazon
Regular employees have no respect to contractors although they have less skills set and experience.
Salaries not competitive when compared to the rest of the industry (especially the Bay Area). Poor decision making from upper management. Close-mindedness towards new ideas and moving beyond what worked in the past and doesn't anymore. Very slow career growth. Extremely bureaucratic. More time spent on internal politics than on making great products or understanding the customer.
Some lack of corporate and management vision. Poor communication of company priorities and strategies. Individual initiatives and effort often seem to get no attention beyond immediate line management.
Review model is broken since it's not directly tied to absolute performance of you and your team. And since everything is budgeted in advance including promotions everything is pretty much fixed. Also this model is mostly based on internal competition using vague metrics. I feel you work against each other really in the end... Even if you can demonstrate you made a bigger impact and improved products or helped increase revenue it's not going to have as big impact as other internal factors. Cross team collaboration and not being recognized helping others are eternal issues in the polls which is related to that.  Promotions are uneven and often unfair. There are examples where someone doesn't get promoted for several years and someone else gets promoted twice within 2 years even though the difference isn't even clear. Sometimes it pays long-term to move to another team which should not make a difference but it can.  Hiring diversity is unbalanced last couple of years. Vast majority of all new hires are Indian (80% for all candidates I interviewed). I'm not sure why it's getting tougher to get US candidates. But that might be true for other companies as well.
Very difficult to have senior management strategies articulated to the working level "Move up or move out" philosophy is nonsense in such a mature organization Reliance on successful products (Office, Windows, etc.) can block development of products, services that compete with those established franchises
You have to be willing to sacrifice personal life a bit to ensure tasks get completed, not often, but sometimes.
MS has become a "pc organization" and the HR department is gate-keeping some of the real talent from ever being seen by the hiring managers. Also, the bar keeps getting raised higher and higher so work-life balance is nearly impossible.
- heavily weighted type A culture, highly competitive - people are nice but performance evaluation structure can bring out people's worse behaviors - lots of politics - more in some groups (e.g. Windows group) - middle managers are a mixed bag - many just managing up or jogging to make themselves looks good instead of truly focusing on developing their people
As with many large companies decisions are often pushed off too high into management which makes it dificult to get things done quickly.
- Not the best paymaster - Politics are rampant - Some weak decision making on senior leadership - Not perceived as innovative in outside world in current situation
The girth of the company makes it just too big, the company's growth has leveled out so fewer opportunities thank in prior years.
As in any big company, there is a certain amount of politics. Your manager ultimately decides your career, so if you land a good one, its awesome. But otherwise, its a stumbling block.
It is a large company that is 30 years old. Sometimes you run into people who have been there a long time and don't know anything else BUT microsoft! It is these people who I think sometimes slow the company down. They can be reasoned with, but the inertia to "do the things we have always done" is the default.
- Review system is not perfect - Senior folks are sometimes impractical and this leads to less agile development (when compared to other companies like Amazon, Google and Facebook).
Good but not great salary Weather in the Seattle area Slow advancement. Not a very outgoing, social atmosphere - Most communication happens over email, and new employees sometimes get the feeling that people are secluded in their own offices. Moving outside your organization into another one within Microsoft can have negative impact in your career if at the end you choose to stay in your team.
Not enough funding for the project. The key to marketing is getting the word out or throwing events. With no funds, this is hard.
Too large to be agile, innovation comes at the cost of supporting existing products.
Too much free Soda! Bad for your health!
* Health care is now on par with other companies rather than being a gold plated standard (you better be single and healthy, or starting in 2013 you will pay out of pocket) * Midyear review process is meh...twice now I've gotten conflicting feedback, and End of year reviews in my product team is decided prior to any employee feedback. * Constant battle of having to "herd cats" with upper managment, and controlling their expectations versus what your product actually does * Unfortunately Puget Sound area is a higher cost of living when compared elsewhere, and unfortunately housing is hideously expensive.
There's an issue with key talent bleeding out of the company, and potentially strategic direction. This raises questions if you think your career is best parked at this company in the long run.  RE: key talent, this covers execs that have left (publicly), but also applies to key contributors at the most senior levels (i.e. the company has trouble hiring and retaining externals to fill strategic roles, only seems to be able to promote from within).  Re: strategic direction, investors publicly call out that Microsoft's story around Windows/Office has only so many years left in it. Yet practically no major business unit has succeeded or shown promise to take the Windows/Office mantel. (think if investments in mobile, online music, online TV, tablets, social networking, search (w/o Yahoo), and yes even Xbox have materially changed the game for the company?)  Said differently: You get to build products with the best, they just may not be the best products.
401K Employee matching is relatively low, no pension plan. Sometimes managers don't fit well to their positions. Very often one's title doesn't represent what he actually works on. One's personal development totally depends on the direct manager. To really grow and be educated, I dedicated my free time reading books and improving my programing/academic skills.
-With 90,000 employees, it's hard to move up in the ranks, even after 15+ years. -Although Seattle is really not that bad, if you're not from here, it can take some time to adjust.
Compensation and advancement based a lot on political favoritism in some divisions. Opportunities for advancement are few once you hit certain levels and business groups are very siloed in the way they work. Also, the forced stacked ranking process can be unfair and demoralizing, constant reorganizations are a waste of time and productivity.
the review model literally ruins the company - too subjective, too many political plays, etc. we need change the model.
Our CEO and several of his most trusted subordinates are not the right leaders to take Microsoft into the next phase. Unfortunately, many of the wrong people are leaving.
Performance review system is stressful and forces people to focus on short term goals rather than having fun solving challenging problems. Instead of competing with Apple, Google, etc. folks fight colleagues in the same pay level. Very long hours, have to compete with indentured servants (i.e. H1B visa holders) from India and China that will do anything (work 12 - 14 hours days since their job is the ticket to a green card).
Too much red tape, leadership teams are clueless.
Bad performance management system, too many people getting hired which translates to best performers shown average with less challenging conditions. Lesser and lesser opportunities day by day and bad scheduling and management from your leads.
Not great pay, too much politics
managers could be jerks sometimes
Non progressive, innovative and creative
Long hours, lack of work/life balance, a lot of poor people managers, high intensity work environment
It all about who you know to get a job.
Review process is stupid. It's making the company lose a lot of great talent. It stimulates internal competition to an unhealthy level. Everyone is managing up and the environment is highly political, with lots of old timers doing very little other than managing up. The focus should be in competing with other companies, not with other divisions. Somewhat of a Redmond-centric mentality. Too many levels of management between a dev and Balmer. Sometimes more than 12.
UX is not yet an established discipline A lot of ambiguity in the work Collaboration is not recognized enough Many great initiatives die too early
Prejudice, unfairness from management, no help from HR, performance review system is horrible
As with any big company, management styles differ between groups within it which means there will always be a bad apple in the bunch. Some groups will be tougher than others to advance in, which is why you hear about employees leaving the company in order to advance.
It is like working for a government company. Things move slow. Too much bureaucracy. Not very competent senior management. Very risk-averse. Company lacks vision.
Clueless leadership at top levels
LOTS of politics. If you don't like having to negotiate for what you need - then this is not the place for you.
very slow company - things move vefry slowly
-Politics -If you are inexperienced, the competition may be too hard
Culture of nepotism where opportunities and work are rewarded more based off of preconceptions than performance.
Senior management remains aloof of industry trends and realities. The divide in terms of compensation between senior leaders and the rank-and-file continues to grow at an alarming rate. Politics have increasingly come to dominate decision making and initiative / empowerment is slowing vanishing. The "Sinofsky" model - increasingly dominant at the company - makes no allowance for addressing or embracing disruptive technologies / industry trends ("well get there in the next three-year plan")
Management have lots of issues.
It is difficult to complete larger tasks as prioriites and strategies change as well as responsibilities. It is not necessarily the best place for an intrapreneur.
Mismanaged, decision making process is absolutely broken, enormous internal bureaucracy, everything takes x10 amount of effort, overtime is a norm
Too many TERRIBLE managers. Lots of bias and favoritism: "Cuteness" helps a lot in getting ahead. Policies support managers to hire and supervise their buddies, and this leads to a lot of backbiting, key work assigned to favorites and exclusion of non-buddies. The HR reps are super-sneaky and never forthright or sincere. Despite having worked at many companies, the level of this is astounding and i wonder why. managers and HR connive a lot to rank and promote "buddies" and get rid of people different from them. With the bad managers, a lot of the time, diversity is just something to pay lipservice to. Ballmer is no different.
Traditionally the worklife in Microsoft teams are known to be relaxed and laid back, but I work in one of the new Cloud-computing related teams who tries to put new services online, and workload here as SDET is horrible. I often work 75+ hours a week in order to complete all the works. Not only me but I also hear complaints from colleagues in the same team about the workload. The workload comes in the following ways: 1. Scheduling: the management will try to "persuade" you to compress the schedule into what fits their schedule needs, ignoring the true task time costs, and all the uncertain factors that could delay the schedule. Once you sign on that schedule, all factors that drag you down need to be paid from your own pocket -- your personal time. By forcing you to commit to such scheduling, they implicitly put you to work long hours. 2. On-demand tasks: when you are signed on to work on a 1 month long project that needs 8 hours dedicated time each day, the management will try to randomly give instruction to you to take care of some random tasks, which could take 3 hours a day. At the same time they track your progress on the scheduled task. 3. Incidents: you need to take care of incidents, such as cluster down or test reported failures. Which could take 4 hours for each incident. At the time you signed-up to work on a 8 hours-day pre-planned project. 4. You can get promoted only if you work extra time: the management will assign you with all those routine tasks that would already take you 10+ hours a day. For promotion, as they said, you need to do something beyond routine that would impress them. That means you find another project besides your already long hours routine tasks, to get recognized. 5. Code changes everywhere: as the Cloud related project is fast growing, all the components were changing, and your existing code can be broken by other people anytime. Then you need to take care of that.  Besides the workload, also there is issue in: 1. No core competency developed in SDET job role: even with such long hours daily working time, most things I do are low level: writing straght-forward-logic C# code (like scripts), take care of some config text files, copy-paste test failures' stack traces, start test runs, spend 5 hours to find out a way to hack the dev component to test something they didn't provide interface. I believe I won't be able to find another job after doing things like for 3 more years. 2. The pay scale is definitely not worthy for this workload. I of heard people in Amazon complaining their workload due to nature of online services (fast pace, incidents, etc), but their pay is 30% higher. I think now I am doing the same amount of work as they, as at substantially lower salary.
Complicated Sales Compensation plan - made worse this year. Lack of career path out of sales (huge salary losses to move into corporate). Corporate lacks understanding of enterprise sales force.
It is very political at Microsoft. It makes difficult to come with godd plan to compete. Lack of vision within the division. Lack of cooperation between divisions.
Work Life Balance issue can be difficult
Worked a lot of hours. There were times when deadlines did not make sense or were moved without consulting the project team
- Processes sometimes get in your way. - There is a lot of legacy code that needs to be maintained.
not a lot of movement - so lack of opportunity to move, difficult to understand/believe in long term strategy
not a lot of movement - so lack of opportunity to move, difficult to understand/believe in long term strategy
Extreme job pressure to perform better/more until you burn out. If you don't perform better every year you're a gone!
impossible to move from job to job due to leveling system. Easier to quit and come back than to move up in the company. No respect for advanced degrees unless they are in computer science. Limited opportunity for non-technical folks. Not very diverse--seems like 3/4 employees are imported from India. Extremely hard to advance, review system pits you against your fellow employees. Competition is tough.
stock has remained stagnant, too many managers
Politics Not a fun place to work right now
Not the best place for business professionals to work, many business concepts are lacking at the management level (competitive analysis, market entry tactics, branding, core competencies). Stack rank system encourages some undesired behavior. Specifically in the planning role, if your job falls in an engineering org, you are unfairly stacked against developers and program managers. Who do you think leadership (with engineering background) is going to value more?
Judged, on what you didn't do rather than what you did do Promote technical people to management positions, with few/no people skills Very Dev driven organization
salary, especially for employees who have been at the company awhile
Varies team by team. Some teams just work you like a dog.
Team work one sided. Task oriented not result driven. Ideas are not easily introduced and may be dismissed without even being examined. Long hours of tasks with no end solution on many projects that should have more streamline long term solutions. Six Months could be totally wasted on improvement projects.
- Test organization needs good quality lead/managers. Most of the current ones are a bunch of guys trying to go ahead with politics/processes instead of working to improve the quality of the products - Not a start up. So, the upside financial potential is limited - Too much execution focused, lot less focus on innovation
Out-of-touch with the industry in many areas Getting top-heavy with management Politics among middle management, fiefdoms, kingdom building Only a few places inside the company understand agile development Many product teams are too buffered from the realities of the market
Can be more flexible in working with working on open source projects. Need to be careful in terms of publishing results since it might not be approved by the associated product groups etc.
Seattle weather Pay Scale You need to be at the company for a couple of years before people take you seriously
Expect long hours Corporate culture can be engulfing / consuming
Growth vis-a-vis the amount of effort does not match in certain groups. Long release cycles could delay promos. Large pay discrepancy within the same level.
The new rating system is less than desirable. Even if you have done your job with the new rating, you can still get a 10% rating which is essentially career suicide.
this is a very large and mature organization and at times it can be difficult to navigate. the culture is changeing for the better however.
Politics, too slow to respond to changing markets
Highly Politically charged environment. Back-biting, cronyism are all at an extraordinarily high level at Microsoft. Everyone is constantly pretending to be passionate since that ensures a solid performance review. Absolutely no interest in working hard, getting solid results, ensuring quality of product or customer satisfaction.
MS has changed over the years and in Redmond, it's alot more political and visibility and ability to proress is often a factor of the relationships you have vs. job performance.
The platform is way too big, company is slow to drive to current trends in the industry. Languishing in critical spaces like mobility.
Poor management - move up the ranks too quickly without mastering the level below Promotion based on who you make friends with not on skill Review process is shocking and broken Culture and management style don't allow for innovation, if you want to get promoted
Except for Kinect, MS hasn't produced any innovate products. It's getting trounced by Apple, Google and other competitors.
As with any large company, it is often difficult to navigate through the company and layers of information.
Lack of personal touch - employees are merely resources, not humans Office/workplace politics Workplace bullying (depending on group) Review system needs major overhaul Information is strictly managed - not transparent
If you work in services (Bing, Ads, MSN, etc...) then you have to put up with the most immature management team I have ever been a part of.  Work/Life balance is difficult to maintain if you want to really succeed. There is often no reason for this other than poor planning, lack of direction and low quality developers.  Again, if you work in services, you will find your self working along side some of the least capable developer teams I have ever worked with.
As a manager, calibrating team performance and deciding on annual rewards before employess submit evaluations. More internal focus on changing jobs every 18 months than doing your job. Little to no succession planning. Very poor transitions between roles. Very diffult to rise to the top given the very tenured executives.
They have lost the way to innovate and it starts at the top.
Tough Work/Life Balance most of the time
Life can get stressful in this business, but it comes with the territory.
- Review model is good in theory, but broken in practice. Too much politicking may lead to surprises at review time. - Mediocre middle management. Good engineers do not necessarily make good managers, and there is little coaching/mentoring in a lot of teams. - The salary is good for the Pacific NW, but rewards for performance are mediocre at best. Being a star performer is not worthwhile as the extra reward in cash/stock isn't that much more than what an average performer makes. While the management claims that the top 20% get good rewards, you really have to be in the top 5% for the extra effort to pay off - The company has too many me-too products and misses the boat too often on new ideas. Frustrating as an employee and shareholder to see this.
very slow growth after couple of years
ummmm.. It really depends on who you are - I just felt kind of lost in the company. However, it really is a great company - they treat their employees really well
Overly political in the last few years. Playing the game for promotions and favoritism is rewarded over actual talent. More of an emphasis on moving up any way possible over focus on working at being the best engineers in the world. Too many who think they are better than they really are.
- Re-orgs - I have been in this company or almost 3 years and switched teams twice and barely got to write any code, why? Because the group cannot decide its org structure so it keeps re-orging and the developers as a result never get to really *work* on stuff. I've noticed this in two different organizations (servers & tools and Bing). Re-orgs are KILLING employee morale, wasting company money and serving no real purpose.  - Too much bureacracy - I have to jump through hoops to switch to a different job within the same company. Ordering a freakin' Book is a nightmare.  - Bubble effect - Most people are heavily soaked in the company kool-aid and don't realize that Microsoft products are slowly getting irrelevant in the market. Some people don't even have a clue about what the competitive products are out there. People will have intellectually dishonest debates with you just to satiate their over inflated ego rather than understand what a hole the company is in.  - Very low on CREATIVITY, very little ORIGINALITY. Everyone likes to do things in an certain way - its like a government job.  - Lot of politics at Principal and General Manager Level. Sometimes who speaks the loudest gets ahead - although its a truism in most places but its sad to see this happen in a technical, facts driven company.  - There is SOME exciting work happening, but you need to be in the right place and pray to got that you don't get re-orged out.
1) promotion is very stagnant. 2) salary is not competitive. 3) too redmond centric. you cannot relocate to other parts for family reasons.
too big, perks are not keeping up with high tech companies
very Redmond centric. I had to move to CA state for personal reasons and since there are not that many good opportunities in Microsoft Silicon valley campus, I had to leave the company.
16 years at the company and I've never seen morale so low - terrible stock performance, almost nothing in the way of salary increases or bonuses, management that is asleep at the wheel, and all my friends have IPhones and IPads. At least I get my health insurance paid for.
to many politicians focused on their careers and not the products can't get anything done because you have to many people to please to many processes, policies and rules
My frustration with Microsoft is that it has become very bureaucratic. Lots of office politics to deal with. I also would like to see us be more innovative as a company in more areas than just XBox.
Be ready to push 50-60 hours a week on regular basis to stay competitive.
520 traffic can be a bear!
Work-Life balance is terrible, but it is slowly getting better over the years. Middle management is all over the map. There are excellent managers and there are terrible managers. When your project ships, you look for a new position internally. Can't find one? You are out!
Its a very big company. Lots of competition. Can be slow moving at times. Sometimes working or collaboration between groups is not efficient.
Bureaucratic....Scorecard culture which masks ills but protects reticent middle managers lacking fibre to tell SVP the real story
Very slow career growth. Some of the teams have become too big and lethargic. Not a lot of room of innovation on the job.
Your success as an intern depends a lot on which product group you're on, some managers are much more demanding than others.
low salary lack of free food
Lack of innovation. Lots of bureaucracy. Technical skill sets obtained from this company may not be usable in other companies.
Heavily against any open source usage / involvement by employees  Serious bureaucracy, sometimes it takes moving a mountain to get the smallest things done  Massive, legacy code bases written YEARS before anyone though unit testing was a good idea, which means massive amounts of complex code with pretty much 0 test coverage, ohh and you get to tchange it all, make sure you don't regress anything or introduce any bugs!  Convoluted build systems, source control management  Little cross team collaboration, to the extent you have to request permission to get access to the Office PDBs (and they likely won't give you permission)  Lots of arrogant people, some won't even bother responding to e-mails or will be very rude/dismissive as if it is a waste of their time. These people are usually also the creators of all the terrible mess alluded to above, so good luck convincing any of them it needs to change (since 'it' is what got them promoted at one time)  Test frameworks are a horrible mess, convoluted, unreliable, arcane  Branching / code motion (FI/RI) is TERRIBLE, changes take FOREVER to propagate and when they do they inevitably leave your branch on the floor for a number of days after wards  Lots of PMs that seemingly spend their day reporting on your work (and mostly taking credit for the things that go well) to management, also playing bug games to hide bugs around senior management review time and sending out update e-mails with indecipherable tube charts and ridiculous time-lines that have no basis in reality and pretty much show the opposite of what every dev says to them every day in terms of where the project is, what risks are present, etc...
Large comany syndrome - you can get swept aside unless you constantly manage your networks and keep an eye on the horizon for your next one or two career steps. That said - that's a good problem to have. It keeps you sharp!
Its a very painful place to innovate or try to push product thinking beyond reactionary "What does Google do?" thinking. Entirely too much focus put on "alignment" between products results in "paint by numbers" designs. Very business/engineering focused, which means we ship technical innovations that are nearly worthless to everyday users. The place bleeds talent from every pour, but the culture keeps the best thinking in check - while the loudest, most senior bullies push their personal opinions into product designs. MSFT says its results-driven, but there isn't any accountability when the loud-mouths in management get it wrong. A product planning process that takes almost as long as the work to build it? Waterfall doesn't even begin to describe how slowly MSFT moves.
There are both good and bad teams. Make sure you understand the team you are joining. Managing your career at the higher levels is very political.
Their HR policies basically make it impossible to move from front line support into any other portion of the company. If you are looking at using support as an avenue to working into consulting or development Microsoft is not the place to do this.
1. Toxic review system 2. People have to work too hard on they are perceived instead of doing great product work 3. Stock price
Slow moving Bonuses and review process is a mystery A ton of incompetent middle managers Many employees who have "checked" out and just coasting along
Many times Microsoft is just trying to play catch up and mimic what other companies are doing. I find a general lack of vision in the company. It is not something that is rewarded. They reward hard drivers that deliver. Not people that have the vision and deliver the right thing.
Company is very mature - if you want to work on specific types of or areas of software you probably won't get there without putting in time.
GMs treat their teams as personal fiefdoms Senior leaders lack vision beyond immediate line-of-business profitability Attitude of "dont-rock-the-boat" "dont-take-risks" Nasty politics - Toot your horn, Pull Others down - to get ahead
Makes you lazy at times.too much of free time leads to loss of productivity.Most employees beyond a point dont carefocus more on productivity.excellent product lines but
Too many re orgs, lots and lots of process, lesser and lesser small teams, too little risk taken, no visionary leaders anymore.
figuring out your way around and dealing with management
Microsoft promotes good performers rather than people managers.
Work life balance Review system
In my ten plus years I had many, many managers, but only one manager that I would recommend to others. Management was more interested in arbitrary deadlines to impress their bosses than in delivering quality products in a realistic timeline. Worklife balance is a management mantra that never makes it into practice. My colleagues and I regularly worked long hours that crept into the weekends and negatively impacted family life. While there are training opportunities, I was too overworked to take advantage of most. Salary growth has not even keep pace with the cost of living, let alone your performance. I have chosen to seek emplyment elsewhere. It is sad, given that I had so much faith in the company. I feel let down.
low salary, too many complex programs, bad licensing
None Location Percieved as a Has Been
Annual review process is very bad and not transparent. Middle management (leads) are the worst part here as they are mostly technical people with not much of managerial skills. That is not good news for an individual contributors.
A lot of management layers. Work scope is very narrow. Slow promotions. Large dependency on direct a manager, less team work. A lot of non-profitable projects. Much waste of money to unnecessary efforts in coordination within projects.
Be on top of your game at all times. You are calibrated with your co-workers in the offices next to you. Starting to feel a bit like "Uncle Bill's International IT Employment Agency" It's in Seattle.
There is a lot of group-think and an unspoken requirement to drink the cool-aid. Communication doesn't always happen in the appropriate channels so it's easy to become disconnected.
Some of the mistakes we did in the past its still hurting the stock price.
No career - just a series of "jobs". Very poor senior leadership. People mainly interested in holding onto their positions. Incredibly high level of politics.
Groups such as Entertainment & Devices (which contain XBox, Zune, & Phone) generally struggle since they are not core to the companies bottom line. I've seen in recent years where the company has pushed people who had been at the company for some time 10+ years to bring in other people they can pay less. Not much in the way of Stocks at Microsoft as the stock has been generally flat for the past 10 years. AS the company has grown things are very political and there is not as much innovation as there had been in years past. Microsoft seems to be going back into the fast follower status in innovation (think zune vs ipod, Azure vs AWS, & Kinect vs Wii)... This is no accusation that Microsoft has done any better or worse but adoption is critically important in being an industry leader (Wii was years ahead of Kinect and the iPod was years ahead of Zune) - fast fallower means your adoption (and profits) will follow first to market.
Lot of firedrills Lack of communication on deliverables Extremely competitive amongst peers
politics microsoftie centric culture its closed loop and all ur frnds will tend to be microsoft.
Lack of vision in senior execs. Lot of products were not developed as if it's been run as business.
Backstabbing People . Everyone is out for themselves. Many individuals are not qualified to do the jobs they are preforming. Work life balance does not apply to everyone.
Large and small scale politics. If you upset the wrong person for whatever reason prepare to have your career derailed. The review process is a joke and widely considered a popularity contest. Being "calibrated" against others in your level band and requiring leadership to decide on the bottom 10% each year. You could have 10 great people on your team, but you have to single out one as a 10%'er. Which basically means they might as well be fired.
Very Limited Growth, Compensation is mediocre, Engineering disciplines are not valued the same.
The size of the company is a blessing and a curse. Blessing because of all of the opportunities. Cursed because of the inefficiencies that arise (e.g. 100+ emails a day, long & complicated review process, loss of agility).
can be political depending on the group some of the managers are just not with it when it comes to feedback about project requirements long hours - expect to see a lot of emails from people still working at 10pm
I have always been frustrated in how Microsoft evaluates performance. I feel like I could be promoted faster somewhere else.
Here's what I've learned after several years:  1) There's no appreciation of your previous career experience--if you haven't done it at MS, it doesn't count. This "Not Invented Here" attitude impedes creative thinking. 2) The performance rating system is seriously flawed--a substantial (25%) amount of your time is spent doing low-value tasks indirectly related to your job. These tasks are injected into your performance plan so your manager has a way to measure you and compare you to others. 3) **YOUR YEARLY PERFORMANCE RATING IS DETERMINED FIRST AND THEN YOU'RE INFORMED--there's no way to change a bad/erroneous review**. 4) The employee calibration system forces your manager to put 10% of her team in the "below standard" level, meaning you're not going to be promoted for at least a year OR you're going to be "managed out" (fired) even if you've achieved the goals you and your manager set down in writing at the beginning of the year. This "stack-ranking" system into 20%-70%-10% brackets determines your the "contribution margin" and is based on managers' discussions, hearsay, and perceived age (discrimination). It affects how much stock--a form of deferred compensation--you get that year. Again, you have no way of changing your standing--it's all decided behind tightly-closed doors. 5) It's fairly hard to change jobs--you can't interview without your manager's permission unless you've been in role 18 months. Many postings are dummy postings because a candidate's already been selected and the hiring manager has to go through the process. And most of the jobs are so specific that it's hard to jump across organizations unless you can get an insider to recommend you. 6) Cost-cutting has had a negative impact on every aspect of the Company, and it's nearly impossible to get business travel approval unless you're in sales or consulting. 7) For a technology company, there's far too much management overhead and this leads to slow decision-making. Very few people here are willing to stand up and to make a decision or to go out on a limb to support their position. 8) Microsoft is an extremely matrixed organization and that reality often impedes your ability to get things done rapidly. 9) There are few "people managers" at Microsoft. At levels below General Manager, "managers" have a **regular workload** in addition to their people management responsibilities, and this is when people management is most important and valued. At the GM level and above, it's about headcount, not individuals. 10) In the U.S., the HR department offers very little career development support and no individual assistance. You're supposed to work through your manager, who may or may not know anything. 11) Promotions are handed out based on excellence in your current role, budget, and business need. So, even if you've been the top performer on your team and have done everything just right, you may be stuck. Thnis is why many people leave Microsoft. 12) It's very unusual to get a promotion when you get a new job--that's why they're called "internal transfers".
Stagnant stock price Need to be politically savvy in order to succeed Not able to take advantage of grassroot innovation in technology and business models
Large corporate environment, can be political, can be hard to advance unless you move
Too political Some higher managers not properly qualified
The competetion hampers some information flow. An attitude for getting things done and strong interpersonal skills are as important for growth as technical skills. This can be viewed either as a pro or a con depending on who you are.
- Top down decision making is the new Microsoft - Duplication across every division and team - Extremely high turnover to competitors (Google, Facebook, Amazon) makes it difficult to focus - Peers across the company can be found in +/- 6 levels... i.e. its unfair - Backstabbing review culture does not encourage teamwork - Massive cost-cutting has reduced many of the former perks and experiences
Currently, Microsoft is so focused on cost cutting, you will have to deal with constantly eroding benefits. The culture there has become very elitist. Even the dumbest blockhead is convinced they must be brilliant or Microsoft wouldn't have hired them. There is a great deal of talk about "Work Life Balance", but it is just talk. There is constant pressure to work more, put in more hours, stay later, etc.
Very few opportunites for a progressive career outside of corporate location in Redmond. Excessive levels of management that are out of touch with the actual business. Reviews are mostly based on subjectivity and not objective metrics.
It's become extremely political. One bad manager can ruin your career. Senior management focuses too much on competing with Apple and Google, instead of making a better product. The review system is hell. Managers are forced to put someone in the bottom 10% "underperformed," even if they have done an adequate job. Once you get that 10%, you're basically fired. If I'd been told about this review system, I would never have gone to work as an FTE there.
Very competitive environment even though rewards are dubious at best. Not a lot of innovation left at Microsoft. There is too much bureaucracy in decision making. Not clear vision for the future. Have not pushed on beyond Windows/Office juggernaut
As a conractor don't get to work on the interesting parts of the project
Inconsistent management across business units. Politics plays a greater role in how people are rewarded than does their performance. The company still evaluates people on a curve, meaning that 10% of the people MUST be ranked in the bottom 10%. Even super-stars. People are very unhappy and no one feels valued at Microsoft today.  Also, strategic thinking from the top is slow and only focused on “me to” products. Instead, they should be innovating and bringing the next new technology to market. The company still acts like it is a start-up, with a “ready – fire – aim” mentality. They need to conceed that they are a 43 year old company, in an exceptionally competitive environment. They can't continue to rest on thier deep pockets and fading reputation. Microsoft needs to wake-up before they drive themselves into obsolesce.
1. does not treat non-MSFT experience with parity. Experienced folks will get frustrated very soon. 2. compensation is lower than rest of companies in the area. 3. Avg. work/life balance could be better. 4. Review system needs to be re-worked. Promotions are often not given due to "promotion budgets". Demotivates high achievers
Some old timers are complacent
There are a lot of people that have been employed there for years and are not good at their jobs. The company does not think about the long term impact of decisions that it makes and each fiscal year, each team has to shift their energy to satisfy what is on Ballmer's agenda. This leads to dissatisfied partners and clients and wasted time and money by teams that have spent a year building up a program just to have it all thrown away. Just think what MS could do if they had a vision and stuck to it. Overall - an extremely toxic environment with unethical people that will do what ever they need to in order to move up in the organization and get recognition.
- Exceedingly political - Not friendly to people who are not hard-wired to 'play the game' in order to climb the corporate ladder - Very poor leadership culture (highlighted by terrible senior leaders) - Never more than on re-org away from working for a poor manager
1. Too big and bureaucratic, 2. Most decisions are top down. 3. Way too many job levels, there 4. promotions are becoming harder to come by.
Difficult culture, tough to change the way things are done, flawed review process, to much nepotism
Heavy politics you need to learn how to deal with
slim chance of promotion salary not competitive
People's performance review is determined by skip-level managers and peers of managers who have little clue what and how the employees work.
The company is very large, and navigating the organization is complicated.  Also, the company faces some serious competitive and strategic challenges to its core businesses.
Hard to think of specific cons because I'm in a position I love and have amazing work life balance. One possible con would be that the diversity of the technology areas that Microsoft touches makes it difficult to stay up to date on things so I can keep my customer informed of all that is going on.
The bad managers I have had are really bad Senior management changes direction frequently and not all senior management is on the same page Reorgs are constant so growing your career can be very difficult Work/Life balance is little more than a frequent conversation but not realistic to the workload
Hard to break out of non-exempt roles It's a HUGE company Promotions aren't very frequent
First and foremost - the team you are on will make ALL the difference. Good and bad teams exist throughout the company.  Work/life balance can be an issue. Also a very political atmosphere. With few exceptions, it is NOT a "team" environment - it's every man/woman for themselves, and your annual reviews are solely based on your SOLO accomplishments and achievements, and have nothing to do with what work you may have done to help push your team or organization forward. The more cut-throat and backstabbing you are, the less friends you will have but the quicker you will rise through the ranks. This is true for managers as well, and as such, can create interesting conflicts @ review time (or layoff time.) Also - constant direction changes. Re-orgs every 6 months with new management desiring to put their own "mark" on things. Lots of old lessons get re-learned, over and over again.
Expectations of test can be unreasonable and uninspiring Culture and work environment is very uneven from group to group Balmer and many other senior managers are out of touch Flat stock performance for a decade
1. Review process assessed on a curve (team of 5, one employee will recieve an "underperformer" review regardless of quality performance, unless team is exempted from senior level) 2. Recruitment of family members, best friends, etc. into same department 3. Difficulty keeping talent 4. The "We're Microsoft" mentality, invincibility complex
Lots of bureaucratic things to slow you down.... Meeting merry-go-round on a daily basis...
It's become IBM on steriods. Steve has not been good for the company. Makes a great salesman, doesn't know a lot about driving true innovation and product strategy. The market has been pretty clear on that with our stock price.
Not so flexible in doing business
We struggle to balance protecting our existing businesses versus creating new ones. The stagnant stock price. Limited personal ability to materially impact the mission and vision.
Land in a good group in-MSFT else-you-are-screwed-you-will-loose-your-career. very-stressful-and-very-bad-politics-because-of-the-company-size-try-to-stay-away-from-that.
Horrible leadership was hard to stand.
Egos, and lots of them. The review pits everyone against each other at the end of the year, and in a lot of cases that means folks stabbing each other in the back. Time expectations are always just stupid and MS really doesn't get the consumer. Lastly the CEO who did a great job while Bill was here, really needs to be replaced.
Stupid HR system Too much talk and risk averse specially at large Business Groups.  I don't recommend Microsoft if you like a startup-culture. Those that say Microsoft team work as a startup, they actually never been in one nor I think they will thrive there.
Microsoft has changed over the past several years and unfortunately not all of it is positive. My observations: - If you get a first job there, you'll probably come in at a very low level and you'll be stuck there for a while. Promotions are getting less frequent every year. If you've guts, you are better off quitting the company, become a vendor or do something else, and be re-hired as an external candidate. You'll accelerate your career as you reset your history - Microsoft is an aggregation of different silos that don't talk to each other. Exec egos and turf battles come at the expense of the 'greater good' - The company is plagued with processes that makes it slow to react to more agile internet players. If you're an entrepreneur at heart, you'll suffer (a lot) at Microsoft, unless you're there for the 'enterprise experience' and you leave after a few years. Beware though. Because the company is so big, there are always pockets of excellence where things can happen fast. Those are usually the products version 1, where excitement and speed mean survival before the next executive review - A large chunk of middle management is not hungry anymore. If they have been there for many years, they don't want to compromise their comfort. They care more about their 'green scorecard' than taking risks for the sake of moving Microsoft forward. - Many employees feel so passionate about their products that they live in denial that there is a world out there. By closing their eyes to the reality, they don't learn about what the competition does and what customers need. It's easier to drink the company koolaid than make an effort to be self critical  Again, don't judge Microsoft just by looking at one group. The silos are very different from each other and you may find happiness in another group.
Our team asks us to work 10 hours nearly every day, and sometimes we need to stay late night and work weekend. Our testers works like this constantly.
MS is floundering. Loss of talent No innovation Too matrixed - too much like the army - too many hoops
Work climate varies with the group that you are in In order to navigate the large organization, you will need to know what you wish to do.
Overhead can be a problem in meeting time, software process, and security.
Some projects are not as innovative as others.
It used to be a company were passion and changing the world were troops marching orders, it became a place where managers have very little decision power and innovation suffers due to A.. covering. No one wants to make waves, everyone senior leader just wants to listen to good news, Redmond forgot about the field and no one cares about customers.
No career growth The worst leadership team ever. The leadership team is power hunger and incompetent. They believe in public humiliation of the employees to show their power.
*) Microsoft has a policy of training new managers by placing contractors under them. After all, a full time employee can complain, file an official review, go to HR and so on. As a contractor your recourse is very limited, and you dont get reassigned, you either walk away, or get fired. In my case I had a very inexperienced person with no management experience. That made the work environment very difficult. *) As a contractor you are often reminded of your place on the food chain. *) Although not personally, but a coworker sitting right next to me received an email from a manager telling him that it wasnt his place to learn new skills as he was hired to perform a specific job and if he has extra time to learn, he should either get back to work, or go home. *) My payrate was cut by instituting a 'sitting fee' and i was refused to be allowed to work from home, that meant I lost nearly 4$ per hour. Manager was inflexible, and after 20 months refused to consider consider a salary review. *) Higher up the food chain, Microsoft is a very political place, and as a contractor you will sometimes be used as a scapegoat. The typical thing is to publicly send a 'blame' letter, and to almost privately immediately apologize for losing temper via internal chat.
increasing competition from all directions, internal beaurocracy
There is a very bureaucratic structure, sometimes a lack of communication at upper levels, poor adoption of some of their own software
Most of the things are just process related rather than about problem solving or creativity. like writing different frameworks again and again with exactly the same functionality. Job is stagnant most of time with almost zero growth. No compensation raise most of time. even if it raises its only about a mean 100$. Stagnation does not even mean a secure job, since there have been random layoffs continuously. Stock price is constant.
You could get away with murder if you know how to suck up to management. Technical expertise is something they think they know but how far behind the employees really are they would know only if they left the company and joined any other gig or were kicked out
not as efficient and agile as I want it to be.
salary is not comparable to other same level IT companies living without too much pressure may not that good for young people
Political Favors fast follower strategy over innovation Flat stock price for 7 years, no chance of making money at lower levels, which causes focus on promotions rather than focus on custmers and product success. Nepotism at high levels.
One potential downside working at Microsoft can be the amount of red-tape politics, in conbination with carrot and stick management style
I recently left the company, after over a decade, and wish that I had done it much sooner. There is far too much middle-management, all hoping to get their name in lights, and backstabbing others along the way.  The management structure and the review system both strongly contribute to an inability to innovate, and be truly proud of making a difference in the industry.  Strong benefits aside, there are much, much better places to spend your creative energy, and be equally recompensed. The company used to be known as "MICROSOFT", and now they are simply another company.
I don't like living in Seattle and all real thinking comes out of there. Various orgs in competition with one another.
Total bureaucracy. What matters is who you know, not what you do.
Too many managers, too few doers
Not much work life balance. It's not a fun place. Everyone is competing against each other. I don't think my accomplishments are always noted.
- Disconnect between mid and senior management - Promotion (on-ground) not transparent - Too much power to managers (no check & balances in reality)
they slog you to death, poor information sharing, for doing a good job your reward is more work without any additional compensation.
1. Review process SUCKS. Your promotion is decided mainly by your manager. He needs to be willing to "fight" for you. So, that means, you need to kiss his ass. Or at least, not get on his "bad" side. 2. Rewards are relatively bad. You need to be in top 20% for a good reward. Otherwise, the increments won't even cover inflation. 3. Some teams have really bad work-life balance and some have bankers hours. The earlier ones don't necessarily get any better recognition. 4. Company does not encourage much innovation. There is no easy way to propose your ideas.
Highly political environment. Recognition based on who shouts the loudest rather than who does the best work. Hence a lot of time and effort is spent on touting your own horn rather than using the time to get the best work done.
Microsoft is over 30 years old. It's had it's day in the sun and it is now a sinking ship. Read some reviews on the stock and you'll understand why. The politics here are unbearable. In-fighting between teams and groups keeps innovation down and limits the companies ability to produce any real great products. We are loosing fast to Android and the CEO seems to be totally out of his mind. Reviews are a joke. I've seen amazingly smart, talented people in the time I've been here let go "because someone has to fail." Having a good review and thus a raise, bonus or even the ability to keep your job is highly dependent on how good your manager can argue on your behalf to upper management and even then it's a numbers game with some ridiculous calculation that ensure that 10% of the population will loose their jobs
Can get lost in bueracracy Too slow to adapt to changing competition
Management is insanely uneven. One bad manager can derail a 10+year excellent career, with no help from HR. Flexwork and part-time is not understood and therefore not encouraged or accepted.
1) Growth is minimal. 2) No reward/incentive for better performance. 3) Managment is often incompetent and can be frustrating. 4) You can't grow in your career without moving out of the company.
Benefits are getting cut Salaries aren't moving Morale budgets cut Not as fun of a place to work as it used to be
Work/life balance is highly variable from one team to the next. Seattle is REALLY expensive, so the starting salary is deceptively low if you hope to ever own a home here. A lot of co-workers are really caught up in having money and owning things (lots of BMW's, Porsches, etc.) which might not be your thing.
Too much inward thinking. Company is not in touch with the industry as much as it should be.
Limited teamwork - people are rewarded for seeking credit as individuals, not teams. Internal competition is still fostered over teamwork. This creates suboptimal solutons. Even the 'collaboration' award has been awarded to an individual in the past few years. Self-promotion is critical to getting a good review - self-promotion is a virtue here, being humble wouldn't be a good career strategy. Culture to work fast and avoid input that might slow you down - even if it is input needed to improve the outcome. It is worse to deliver late than it is to deliver badly or to deliver an ineffective solution. Lack of effective leaders in many senior positions - success as a technician does not make for success as a leader.
....but, if you're in the top of your field, Microsoft is definitely not the place to work anymore. You won't get the necessary opportunity to stand out.
The company has become to big, and stock prices have not been changing since 2000. Depending on the team, you might have a hard time growing.
Layoffs happening, especially be cause of economy interview is grueling, takes all day, takes a lot out of every one
Unfortunately, with such a big company, there is a lot of bureaucracy that stops a lot of good ideas from getting to the top. Managers tend to be less willing to propose ideas that are not their own, so they change innovate ideas to make them their own, killing all the innovation.
Career growth stalls quickly if you are in one of the satellite offices Too much inter/intra group politics Senior Management can't stick to there decisions
Too many layers in the management chain.
Change of Management every 18 months Low work/life balance Poor Email culture/ettiquite Knowledgement Management Infrastructure Too many contractors Food/cafeteria, health club access should be free of charge to Microsoft Employees
Very political and beaucratic. Personal careers and objectives are placed above customer and business decisions. Re-organizations happen so frequently it is disruptive to get things accomplished.
As with any large companies, Microsoft is mature and less agile than many startup companies, this results in late response to market opportunities.
Middle management is very focussed in pleasing upper management employee comes last The company claims istslef as the inovation company, but if you have an idea, keep it to yourself no one will listen to you (not your middle management)
Work life balance is a hard thing to maintain. It all depends on the team you are working in. But it is managable if you work it with your manager & team.
Hard to get things done, "not invented here mentality," lack of customer focus
Don't waste time trying to innovate or collaborate here. Bad for mid-career transition, high risk you will be leveled down, crammed into a pigeonhole, your expertise ignored (unless you're an engineer or Program Manager maybe) and get mired in a stifling review system. On the other hand, if you can find a way to go home at 5:00 every day and play with your kids and don't mind constant senseless reorgs, the benefits are great.
very siloed. Matrix str. kills accountability, and fosters "I & me first" culture with little regard to the broader 'good'. Primary objective to to manage the 6 month review cycle by being "yes" wo/man for your mananger - with little consideration for business impact to the customers or to the company at large.
Very competitive, cut-throat, individual contributor-centric environment. Forget about teamwork, you always have to look out for your interest. Not an uplifting place to work..  Lots of pressure, long hours, high stress and higher divorce rate are the norms at Microsoft
The compensation system at higher levels is designed to get people to not play nice together. At lower levels, the difference in compensation between a great review and a mediocre one really isn't that much - you can work collaboratively, learn from your coworkers, mentor newer coworkers, etc.  The differentiation in compensation at higher levels is extreme, and leads to ... shall we say ... sociopathic behavior being rewarded exorbitantly. It's possible to do well, while still being a good person who respects the opinions and work of your coworkers. It's easier to do well if you can pretend to do that, while making sure you get the credit for good things, and none of the blame for bad things.  *****  MS only really gets serious when a market is threatened, and then it takes time to spin up the machine. Once the train is rolling, we're pretty unstoppable, but it can seem to take a *lot* of effort and public embarrassment to get the train rolling. I still recall the day some VP announced that MS's opinion was that development of the browser was essentially done - there was nothing new left to do. So, the IE team was being disbanded. And now, 6 years later, we're trying to catch up. Same with phone - "the iphone will never amount to anything". I've seen internal talking points passed around about how the iphone wasn't as good because it didn't have a *tasks* app - that's the kind of internal propaganda you'll have to deal with.
Review System is burednsome and not always fari.
* Now that Bill Gates is gone, so has the passion * A lot of politics to deal with if you want career progression past goon-level * The salary and benefits are not the greatest anymore, and getting worse * People working there are depressed or manic, and it's contagious * Nothing you build today will be as cool as the stuff they used to make in their heyday
not a place to spend a career
I started working at MSFT at the end of the "gold rush" - mid '90s. At that time if you worked there say 7 to 10 years you were rich and you were retiring - gone to the French Riveria or someplace. With MSFT stock still less than 50% what it was 11 years ago, everyone now must work longer - years longer. The company thrives on new college hires. Fresh, bright, eager, talented 20 somethings from the top CS programs in the world. They come in ready to continue a 60 to 80 hr work week that's much like the quarter system at the university. Lots of papers, projects, mid-terms and finals. Here they are called milestones. Finals are called reviews. As long as you can maintain this continual "grad school death march" you are fine. Once you've put on a few years and pass 40 years old. This pace starts to take a toll on you. In fact, you don't really see too many employees here past the age of 40. You rarely see a person over 50. There's a ladder system of levels and an upward slope. As long as you can maintain a good pace and advance climbing the ladder at a reasonable speed you're fine. There comes a time when you pass 40 years old that you reach your personal maximum level. The company career process is not equipped to deal with that. If you "level out" on your climb and it looks like you won't reach the next rung on the ladder, then you start being treated like dead wood. There's no place for a jouneyman engineer at MSFT. They only respect and understand the early stages of an employees life from 20 something to retirement age. This company is not a safe place to work for older employees.
Salary could be more competitive. Reward system is somewhat management bound
The work is fairly intense and the pressure to produce is constant. Most people are more focused on promotion than they are on doing the right thing - this can lead to a degree of dysfunction.
Senior management isnt clear about the future
Politics and the lack of promotion
Microsoft can also be a challenging company to work for. There are high expectations associated with each employee and that they are a supportive and effective team player. It is very common for individuals to work late nights and weekends close to the end of ship cycles.
- Stagnant - Work place politics - Incompetent , unimaginative leadership. - Customer comes last, boss comes first. - Low hiring bar for top management - Steve Ballmer alomg with his team of marketers and salesmen. - No passion for technology - Performance comes last in product development. Feature creep done for empire building
Too much politics No career advancement Waste too much time managing up No longer a meritocracy Company lacks vision after BillG's departure Run by "know all" engineers
Process is at times unbearable. Advancement in career is largely dependent on 'who-you-know' game, and if you came in lower level it is very hard to advance.  Changing job inside company is very hard -- you have to go through interview loop as any other external candidate, but you also have to tell your current manager about it _before_ your interview is even scheduled. Technically, manager cannot prevent you from interviewing after 18 months in position, but it really brings you to uncomfortable position -- with scarcity of internal positions nowdays, there will be tens of people interviewing for one position, so there is good chance that you are not going to get it. While managers pay lip-sync to the line that they are there to support your career, you frequently become pariah in your group after you tried once to leave.
Messed up review model, rudderless CEO
a. Compensation is below average. b. Layoffs are always looming. If you're over 40 years old be very affraid. c. Review system is just another name for "friendship ranking". d. Constant reorgs mean constant resets of career paths. e. Now with benefits downgrading (medical benefits will have deductibles, just like any other), MS became even more ordinary. f. Flat stock price. g. There are smart people in other companies.
Being a large company could present downsides against innovation and having power in expressing your ideas. Microsoft does a lot to address solutions to overcoming its big company atmosphere.
Stagnation after a while. Growth opportunities are few.
You need to deal well with ambiguity and find your own way many times. The opportunities are there, but they are not going to be handed to you without effort.
Competition between different groups in the company
As a contractor: -Unilateral reduction in pay rate at any time -Must provide your own computer -MS charges a "Facilities charge" to all vendors working on site -Exclusion from ALL company celebrations, product launches and awards
- There is very little organic growth in the SVC campus - Lots of stick very little carrot - Developers are disempowered and micromanaged - Frequent reorg's - You won't get any experience working on technologies that are in high demand in the valley (Linux,Php,J2EE ...)
Senior management seems stuck in past paradigms and unable to chart a course to the future Internal politics are severe Career progression outside of engineering is stalled Flat share price for 10 years and decreasing benefits do not complement lower base salaries
On the downside, Microsoft is very competitive, often not in a good way. Competition can be a good thing. It often makes us work with others to create something bigger than ourselves. It is also the case that the competition can ugly and personal. Often it revolves around people doing what's good for them, rather than what's good for the company. I've seen my share of the later and it results in a very high stress workplace.  Also, like any other large company, Microsoft has too much process. It takes 500 people to do what a startup can do with 25.
Plenty of politics and infighting You have to speak to a lot of people inside the company to get anything done
Microsoft has great potential as an emplyee centric company but seems to place higher value on sales and market expansion than providing positive motivation for the talent that produces its products.
Too many competing products Beyond window lack of focus and clear direction Trying to be best in everything SW Too much legal involvement, can't use any external SW in the products Too many reorgs
Microsoft is VERY heavy on process, generally. Some of it is understandable. Microsoft probably has more paying customers than any other tech company on the planet. This results in very high day-to-day 'taxes' involving enduring processes that are rarely reviewed for usefulness. This can be very frustrating.
Immense volume of politics, and very few senior people do what's actually right for the company and customers, choosing instead to do what's right for them and their career. Every CVP runs their own empire, and tries to build that empire at the expense of other execs. And our SLT, our Presidents, seem to have zero interest in working with each other to deliver truly compelling customer scenarios.
* Limited Opportunity  * Too many levels between engineers
Sometimes things move a bit slow since it is a large company. Not all of the management is great at giving feedback.
Sometimes things move a bit slow since it is a large company. Not all of the management is great at giving feedback.
Stock is in dumps, Bonuses/pay hikes are lesser than other competitive places (read: google)
-No more free health care -Takes too long to get anythign done -Too many redundancies
If you are agnostic, likely not a good place to work because you see things objectively and objectivity isn't as valued here as much as you'd like. They would rather push a bloated operating system than thinking about the USERS.
very political working environment. sometimes unfaire. workload is not so balanced in different group, stock award and growth potential is neglectable
Commute to NYC was brutal during rush hour both ways. Recommend taking the train. Some senior managers are not that knowledgeable about all aspects of who they manage.
--Upper management, including the C level, are more concerned about their next "sale" to further their own careers, rather than building great products that excite and delight the customers. --The strategic direction of the company is not well understood, outside the company, and not much better inside. Funding for projects is mostly based upon political favoritism and/or the latest MBA prepared Powerpoint, and rarely on the real merits of the product to the marketplace. Rarely, if ever, are projects and their respective costs truly measured repeatedly for their ROI--look at Search. --Bad news is not embraced and respected, the messenger is typically shot or stamped as not being a "real team player". --The performance review process has been completely bastardized to focus on individual efforts over team/product delivery, it's more important to determine what your boss wants to see and deliver on that than what the product and/or customer need. The politics of the review process, especially the last month or two prior to the "ranking/lifeboat exercise", are more important than everything you did over the other 10 months. --No one cares what your contribution over several years meant to the company, "What did you do for me this last six months?" is all that matters. --You are one re-org away from having your career at the company terminated. If you get a bad manager, you are on your own and unless you can escape the group you will likely find yourself on the street -- Under-achieved/10
The bully behavior by upper management that gets rewarded time after time.
Too much red tape and internal politics at every rung of the corporate ladder. Decisions are made in an extremely slow and inefficient manner (even relative to other Fortune 100 peers).
Misaligned strategy and execution Highly political organization Misdirected management Overlapping functionality among teams leading to redundancy and cost mismanagement Developers call shots without market knowledge
Hard to get ideas to improve processes heard by upper management When a good idea does get traction, upper management takes credit for it.
Innovation really discouraged, they don't want to take risks, they are slaves to process, they reward people who think like they do.
no trust among employees, incompetent people, lot of infighting and politics, screwed culture
Slow. Lots of processess. Its in Redmond where its not sunny
Lots of silos, managers don't make informed business decisions - they just make decisions, very political - especially as you progress upwards, relatively slow moving.
Slow career progression and beareaucracy
To many people working on the same thing is not productive. Not enough innovation.
Many of Microsoft's products don't win in the market Being in the company is very competitive and work-life balance hard to achieve
A large company, hence direction gets a little clouded, just as any large company.
more focused on the how than the results charter issues among teams too many re-orgs leads to lack of consistency in management
- unfair reviews - no matter what the company does, wallstreet doesn't like it. - incompetent leadership
Very easy to become a workaholic as the culture is full of such people.
The compensation is not up to par with the rest of the industry
Slow growth Compensation lower than industry
Politics Bureaucracy Process and MUST live in 98052 for career advancement at the company while forfeiting a proximal connection to the rest of the industry in Silicon Valley
Most strange thing is that:  People are valued not on what he is needed to do, rather his next level supposed to do (and measured by it some how). Essentially, you can do superb job on your duties, and you will never get rewarded.
Very much a fear-based company.  Has entered the inevitable downward spiral of once successful companies and doesn't seem to know how to stem the tide let alone reverse it. Employees are picking up on this more and more.  Like most of corporate America, MS has made employment almost all about "what have you done for me lately?" - you're only as good as your last accomplishment and can't bank accomplismentrs beyond your manager's whim. Co. emphasis on work life balance is, in practice, a joke - they'll work you to death and call it a normal part of the job.  Co. is ovverly reliant on the whole "you need to manage your own career" mantra. Sure -we need to do some of it but you need to help more because after all, aren't we there to work and not constantly be looking over the fence at the next oppty - which impacts our current job?  AWFUL review process others have already explained. It's the elephant in the room - everyone knows about it, complains privately and loses sleep about it but is discouraged from challenging it. No matter how HR tries to spin it everyone knows it's a biased, broken system in place to favor the few.  Far too many GMs with many who are clueless as to what goes on in their orgs (beyond too many presentations from their directs) and openly play favorites.  For all their talk about management skills MS has an incredible abiliity to hire and promote managers with poor or no people management skills. Since this is a soft skill MS places too little value on it - but boy, do they miss the mark here- it has everything to do with the all important bottom line. Again, lip service by upper management on how vital it is but in the trenches it's shocking how far people can climb without knowing how to manage people- to communicate with their workers..  Notoriously bad at not seeing the big picture when it comes to internal ops or long term impacts to customer sets - would rather throw something on the wall (read spend $) to see if it sticks then to step back and study the situation before acting. If MS were a small company without such deep pockets they would have bankrupted themselves years ago doing this. Shockingly little sense of ROI.  Politics, cliques, favoritism all rampant and slow the company's output, productivity and employee sat more than management cares to admit  Far too much lip service to wanting to change and improve and no consistent will to do it.  Since MS has made working there an almost strictly business proposition that's what I've done in self-defense. I'm my own business (I may work for MS but handle my career strictly in how it benefits me and not the co.) and like so many before me I'm looking to leave (despite the econonomy). Of course I keep my quiet about this (like not announcing a product release too early) and can't wait to hang my shingle elsewhere.
It's easy to get lost in the bureaucracy and feel like an anonymous cog in a wheel. One common problem I experienced in all my microsoft positions is that there's always quite a bit of overhead in your job to learning internal processes and navigating the bureaucracy.
long hours, vague work insturctions, waste money
* very slow reaction to a changing market conditions * unresponsive management * Bureaucracy
politics, consensus culture, agility, compensation for non-partner levels
large company, which means too much process, politics, inertia
Once you get into a discipline, you pretty much pigeonholed for life. So, anyone telling you to interview as an SDET to get your foot in the door either hates you or doesn't know what he/she is talking about.  Also, we're very big on politics here. Technical skills will only get you so far.
Future is questionable. Maybe we need a good visionary.
Bad mgt, highly political, lots of dinosaurs
-Getting stuck with poor manager. - Some products are never destined to make money so always chance product/project could be cut. -Review process
Upward mobility is very slow unless one is in the 95th %ile of peer group Grading/review curve is the bane of employee morale more often than not Mistakes (wrong group, wrong project, wrong manager) take a long time to erase from your internal career 'memory' Test/dev/PM silos end up costing agility and create turf Innovation, while it exists in bundles, is somewhat haphazard and it feels like the company is constantly chasing taillights in many areas. Need a new/hardcore visionary to drive our consumer software/services vision
Lack of growth, working in Microsoft technologies reduces your chance to change jobs, i.e. your market valuation, recent layoffs and bad performance of stocks in market.
The measurement of success for everyone is performance against their individual commitments, this puts focus on the individual's performance and not on teamwork or group performance. At best there is no reward or recognition for helping someone else meet their goals, and at worst the system can create outright competition between individuals or groups.
Stock price has not moved (trending flat) in over 10 years. Not the place to be if you want to "change the world" or retire at 30 as a millionaire, but that's not for everyone now is it...
it used to be a company of innovation but now more people are concerned with who is exceeding performance goals vs shipping great software. This has been leading to more and more people moving to the "blame game" which distracts from good software development and innovation.
Need a change, need need new blood
It just wasn't for me. If you are a young college grad, be warned the people here are older and ultimately, the stereotype is true - Microsoft is a bit corporate and stuffy. Also, the developer technology there wasn't that great. Other than Visual Studio, development tools are not that up to snuff.
too many old timers too many chiefs slow to react to market realities review/compensation too mired in subjective/ than results
Tough competition for level increase, Seattle Weather
Bell Curve for reviews, work/life balance not encouraged, out of the box thinking not encouraged, focus on shareholders not products.
Isolated, paranoid environment where decisions affecting everyone on your team are known by a few. Political atmosphere where promotion is based on favorites. I do not like this aspect of Microsoft. As a contractor, we are often on the receiving end of political shift by teams.
- The review system is not fair, in the sense that the leadership team makes decisions based on their impressions of contribution of a team member, whereas your manager, and colleagues you work with on a project may know a lot better about your level of performance. Coupled with the brutal stack ranking system, and rewarding the top 20% the most, what this means is that you will get really burned if you think all you need to do is churn out great code, and work well with your teammates to release a good product. You need to actually spend time with leadership team, let everyone know what you are doing etc, so that you stay in the radar of the leadership team.  This also means that there are very driven, smart people who end up focusing more on career growth, rather than releasing a great product.  - Company is very big, so a fair number of employees are bound to be quite mediocre. They really try to make sure that is not the case with developers though, but you can always find some useless testers or test leads in every team.  - Program Managers who are not product focused, but spend more time and energy on pleasing the leadership with presentations.
Self centered company un-sync and struggling constantly against underfunded much little competitors, stockholders don't count for managment.
Very heavy in middle management, who are interesting in protecting their fiefdom at the expense of individual contributors who actually get work done Once you want to get to director role, you really need exec sponsorship - otherwise you should accept that you should go to another company Difficult to place to be now (2010) given a lot of RIFs are occurring Staying too long at Microsoft makes you very unaware of "real" trends happening outside the company Company has fallen asleep at the wheel (missed social networking, cloud services, social gaming, etc) - and upper management really wants to defend old cash cows instead of innovating
Very heavy in middle management, who are interesting in protecting their fiefdom at the expense of individual contributors who actually get work done Once you want to get to director role, you really need exec sponsorship - otherwise you should accept that you should go to another company Difficult to place to be now (2010) given a lot of RIFs are occurring Staying too long at Microsoft makes you very unaware of "real" trends happening outside the company Company has fallen asleep at the wheel (missed social networking, cloud services, social gaming, etc) - and upper management really wants to defend old cash cows instead of innovating
Work pressure is too high
Too much middle management and bureaucracy to get things done. A lot of red tape and it is beginning to be an era of government agencies. If you are fresh out of school and did not make it to either Google or Amazon then this may be your last resort. Not the Microsoft that it used to be. For those coming with Industry beware for getting the short end of the stick. Dont get fooled by the salary but you need to know your level when you get in and if you come in below a principal (assuming you had > 10 years of solid experience) you did not do well in your negotiation.
Very frequent reorg and this could disruptive in many cases.
Politics is rampant and negatively affects cross team cooperation. Review process for employees is neither useful nor productive, being mostly an exercise in rewarding ones friends, and penalizing others.
Managers are often more concerned with finding there next role than actually building or managing there team and tend to panic in Q4 when commitments are due.
- too centralzed in USA.... not many opportunities for employees to work in other countries with compeling jobs. - although everyone knows MS will still be a strong company in 10 years, nobody knows if it will be like an IBM which is still strong but, not close to what it was in the past... that reflect in your stock award value and future groth.
Decision making process can take several months. Not always able to act quickly when business models evolve more quickly than anticipated.
Lots of leagacy technologies. Not every people get to do the real cutting edge work Not the same workplace it used to be
Difficult for women (non-ivy league) to break into circles of influence. People run around terribly stressed (about 60% of the last department). We are not curing cancer!
For entry level positions, compensation is low comparing to Google and other companies. Relatively slow to adjust to industrial trend.
The company is bloated and it takes ages to get anything done. Also, any cool new project will get squashed or merged into another team. I used to think it was the best place to work, but the "culture" is beginning to wear on me. Organizational change is constant and disruptive. Upper management does not do much to integrate newly merged teams. I spend most of my time in meetings with people just trying to figure out who is doing what, rather than actually doing work. There seems to be a general lack of direction, the company tries to respond to every new product that the competitors release, but a company of 90,000 is not agile enough to work like this.
- incompetent middle management - overbearing process - lack of agility - lots of dead wood among employees - politics and cliques
There is a great deal of pressure to conform and go-along to get-along. The boys-club is alive and well and women don't seem to do well in their careers. For women engineers promotions are slower, raises and bonuses are smaller.
Out of touch execs, products built by engineers for engineers.
Large organization cons - not as fast moving as some other companies. Had an idea for a project and just to get approval or dis-approval took 4 months (lifetime in technology)
Terrible upper management Abysmal stock movement Small raises / bonuses / stock A lot of politics. A whole lot of politics. Products get canned left and right depending on which VP has won favor that month.
1) The company is falling victim to its own size. Teams have a tough time collaborating. 2) Empire building is rampant 3) Too many meetings turn into pissing matches.
- Too much bureaucracy - Internal job searching is too difficult - Not enough transparency within the company
Losing traction in the market worrisome Not executing as well as it should be
not the cutting edge environment it used to be transparency from execs is deminishing hit or miss on managers corp has become a multi-layer quagmire
The review and performance system is not great. The management is lacking as they do no real training and mentoring of new managers.
Slow to adapt to external market changes Average salaries Cross-team conflicts Senior Leadership not willing to take risks Stock price not improving CEO lost
really poor middle managers, too much bureaucracy and overhead. Review process a joke - tons of work twice a year and kind of pointless when you find out the rating/ranking decisions were all made long before you put a word into a file...
- Work-life balance can be challenging, especially for those who want to move up  - Big company, can be hard to feel like part of the larger organization  - Occasional lack of synergy between products/businesses, hard to watch
It is a competitive workplace so you need to be aware of the intentions and motives of some of your coworkers. This is definitely more of a problem in some departments than others. Personally, my division does not have any problems with this but I have heard stories from friends. Another con is that in some divisions the senior management is not very effective at communicating their leadership and decisions.
The performance review model is difficult. It encourages a level of competition among teams and colleagues that can result in lower quality results and an obsessive internal focus.
Tends to be a little focused on individual carreer success over business / team success. Still learning how to develop software at the speed of the internet
Lack of innovation, too much process and politics for rapid development & innovation, lack of agility as a corporation, still learning how to release software in shorter release cycles, fair amount of politics, compensation model does not encourage teamwork, each product functions as a somewhat isolated business so cross-organization collaboration is not natural
Too much work at times (differs from group to group) Review system a little hidden
I can't say enough about the turbulence and lack of direction present across Microsoft. It really is going through a transitional period. Do not consider working here unless you're coming out of college and need a break-in job. Do not spend more than two years here, there is little potential for long-term careers. In fact you will ultimately find yourself worked out of the system unless you're prepared to pull out the knives and join in the political "kill or be killed" assassination orgy. Product groups are regularly gutted and redirected on the whims of political maneuvering. There is little strategy or direction. Any other company would've imploded by now and really only a few business groups are supporting the weight of the entire company.
Too much bureaucracy Very business minded [as opposed to innovative] Tactical management
1) management not too focused on skills 2) too many leads 3) leads didn't code at all 4) too many mid-level management
the group i was placed with tended to be a bit older and more 9-5 than other parts of the company.
slow slow slow slow growth... growth is determined by middle management who sit in calibration meetings and fight for their people but who are themselves incompetent
Compared to Google it appears that Microsoft is too focused on making money. Microsoft management does not seem to inform employees of their long term vision and why a change in direction occurred and more importantly why they choose that direction as opposed to some of the other possibilities.
Very large Company. Sometimes that is a negative.
Too much bureaucracy, some managers are bad, but manager of managers don't recognize and things goes on.
Size, competiotiveness, recruiting process, working with product group
Slow on a lot of things. Lots of money wasted. Too many doing-nothing old people who take millions by doing ordering pizza for team
staggered for over 10 years now and is still struggling to find new growth point. As company stopped growing, there's more power struggle for limited career growth opportunites within the company.
Too political. Not much career opportunity in satellite offices. You are career dead if you work for a team remotely.
---benefits - they make employees cozy and not wanting to take risk for fear of failure and hence produce mediocre results
1) slow moving 2) too much middle management
The bureaucracy has gotten works over the years as Microsoft transitioned from being on the cutting edge to "playing it safe." I've spent over ten years waiting for the stock to turn around and keep hoping that it will happen some day. The company has done a good job financially but has simply not captured the imagination of customers and investors in the way other tech companies have. Microsoft has become too risk averse.
Incredibly political and cutthroat, dubious review system, sometimes feel like a cog in the system, poor management, somewhat old-fashioned about products and seeing future directions (innovate only when forced to by competitors)
hard to steer the ship, overworked, bad collaboration, never seem to be moving ahead of the market direction always catching up, too many politics
Everything is too urgent. We're too busy being scared of Google to do anything really cool. Review system is too opaque.
Very political and chronyism is rampant in many groups. True creativity, out-of-the-box thinking, and agility is stiffled by the company's bloated culture leaving them constantly playing catch-up in the industry.
The company has a complex compensation system besides the revenue they measure on numerous scorecard that vary quarterly. Most of these make no sense and people work the system to achieve them.  The job and career opportunities are limited.
The biggest con at MSFT is the inability to move between teams. It also feels like there are too many levels of management.
- Not a thought leader or a innovator in any segment of the industry except Operating Systems and the XBox, pretty much catch up everywhere. - Management has a disconcerting habit of wasting the companies money by making poor product and M&A decisions. - The work culture is very confrontational, which is hardly conducive to team work. - Review system is complicated and opaque. You never have any idea what they management is doing. - The place is led by managers, not Engineers anymore, and it shows.
Lack of standard process and procedures Lack of clear vision and strategy Lack of leadership in some critical areas
- Growing bureaucracy - Too many re-orgs
Incompetent Leadership Lack of communication between business groups across the company Poor opportunities for growing your career Sense of being just another cog in the wheel
The company has grown too large in scope and headcount Bureaucracy has overtaken common sense Isolation from the industry conversation in Silicon Valley
Reward is based ONLY on individual achievement. If you like teamwork, then keep your distance. Glory hounds get all the cookies. Work-life balance is really poor if you want to advance. People-skills aren't one of the important factors in becoming a manager. Reward system creates an atmosphere that often suppresses good ideas (i.e. 'if it's not mine, I won't promote it).
People are difficult to work with
Can be nasty if you get into the wrong group. Some groups practice tribal warfare Too demanding of your time- can become your life To many Type AAAA personalties Can be a tad too serious
Every year programs are changed, everything is thrown out in preference to re0creating the wheel. Building long term relationships with customers and partners is challenging and frustrating.
Food isn't as good. There are cafeterias serving food, but they could definitely be serving better quality or more variety.
* Commute * Small Pay Increases * Stale Executive Management
pays lower than comparative companies.
Needs more focus on consumer business if it doesnt want to cede control over to Apple/Facebook/Google. it seems the management just doesnt get that business and has no idea of how to succeed in it.
A bit too politic-y at times.
-It's a huge company, and the beauracracy shows -Review system can be a bit political -Occasionally frustrating overall company strategy
Employee is doing the same thing everyday. Employee is hard to get promoted. Employee's salary is not competitive compared to other software companies.
Limited ability to move around, review process severely broken, a culture that encourages prima donna behavior.
As people are promoted or leave the company, often times tools and projects are left behind without anyone having the responsibility to continue on with the project. This leaves the rest of the team in disarray looking for new person responsibly for that part of the project. When I took over my final project the previous owner gave me a 15 minutes overview of the project and duties.
Better stay close to redmod if you need growth. There is nothing critical happening in SVC or other dev centers. some time employees are not well informed.
individual success is too closely tied to one's relationship with one's manager as opposed to contribution to the larger organization. If you have a good manager and a good rapport with the manager and a good project to work on, you are set. If you are missing any one of these, you wont get promoted regardless of how much you deliver.
Aggressive managers with little guidance given. Someimes it can feel like eve man for themselves. Priorities change every year with little cross over.
Lower salary, frequent reogs, inefficient management.
I think the Finance profession in general at Microsoft is undervalued, and as a result, Finance employees are overworked and underrewarded compared to counterparts in Marketing and Engineering.
Stock price is not doing anything. You won't retire to be a millionaire without making it to the top levels.
I'm a v- contractor. I work beside MSFT employees, but I'm not eligible for benefits, stock, etc.
Slow Little innovation Lots of management and process Projects take ages to complete Slow work culture Need to speed up more
-work-life what now? -your career success is heavily dependent on how much your direct and skip managers like you, and how influencial they are. -some groups have vacuous leadership that amuses itself with constant re-orgs and cancelling big projects at the last possible second.
- Review system is not fair...10% of all employees WILL be given the message that they are on track to be managed out - Some managers are amazing, but most are poorly trained, and are quick to use the easy tools (fear, micro management) as opposed to the more difficult but more rewarding tactics (inspiration, leadership as a service)
high competition, less hiring, no clear definition for some job titles
resource management, project management and life and work balance
*Office politics *Poor management *Hiring process is archaic
- Good technical folks, who don't necessarily have people skills are often promoted to management. This leads to poor managing and often hamper the success of their employees - The common understanding at Microsoft is that employees have to create their own "visibility" in order to stand out and get promoted. Just doing really good work is not enough. To be recognized, you have to give presentations, fix urgent customer bugs (and be sure someone in management sends mass e-mails acknowledging you), and make sure that everyone knows who you are and how great you are. Unfortunately, this often fosters and environment of individual competitiveness, in which you must focus solely on your own success, without regard for that of your team or coworkers. - The advertised "Mentorship" program (when a more experienced employee mentors a relatively new one) is played up as a strong positive, but most of the so-called "mentors" are too busy (or lack the needed people skills) to have any effect. - With such a large organization, the exact what's and how's often come down from upper management, leaving the individual contributer to simply execute commands given them. They often have almost no say in what should be done or how best to do it. (This, like many of the other cons, depends on the specific product group, but it is very common and prevalent enough to be of concern to anyone looking to work for Microsoft). - Certain managers make 100% of the decisions around the whats, whens, and hows of employee work without being open to any feedback from the employee. - Teamwork takes a backseat to individual success.
The company is too big to feel any impact of what you are selling/doing Upper management is hard to connect with
Review system sucks Lots of outsourcing to China/India No more BillG SteveB is no BillG
Upper Managements way or your out of here
they dont pay as well as other companies
less salary, people are partial to certain sides no matter how much they claim they are diverse.
Big compay that moves slow in a lot of different areas. as such it cannot compete in many of the businesses that its in. The slow pace of innovation has a lot to do with the fear of getting sued & this adds a lot of tax to making forward progress.
1. Some products lose directions and are suddenly shut down. Bad for other employee's morale 2. Lack of transparency
It is a Redmond centric company. If you are outside of Redmond you are nothing. Middle management sucks. No ideas, just process and politics
Trying to make things happen at MS is like trying to drive a slalom course in an 18-wheeler. The bureaucracy can be stifling at times. Not everyone is a rocket scientist. Mediocre people sometimes rise to positions of significant authority through extreme conformity.
dinosaurs at the the exec level managers ship products for personal gain rather than what's best for the customer not enough information sharing between groups
you probably hear that Microsoft is full of smart people. That is probably the case 10 years ago or if you are in the right group. I personally work with some of the worse testers / developers. They are just plain stupid. They do not know how to design stuff. They make the wrong decision all the time. System become super complicated. I am very dissatisfied with my work and the people that I work with.
1. Team Culture My team had an intense culture, due to all being ex-consultants and due to working on the strategy of the flagship product. It was a different culture than I expected and was therefore disappointed. However, I did enjoy working and collaborating with them. It was more of a personality and style issue. So my advice would be to interview the team as they are interviewing you during the second round.  2. Size of the Company The company felt really big and it felt like it could swallow someone who was not doing the "right" things (e.g. networking constantly, changing jobs every 18 months, working intensely on side projects, etc.). I felt like it added an extra step on the responsibilities that came with the job.  3. Seattle Seattle was a fun city to be over the summer. However, I could not see myself living there over the long term. It felt too small and much less urban than I had imagined.
Pretty much everything else. Senior management is completely clueless. They live and die by spreadsheets and reports. They have no concept of real world innovation. Employees are encouraged to step on one another for "gold star"s (actual name of award given).
Almost too much consensus is needed to make any decision. The company is very “middle heavy.”
Review system makes your co-workers your competitors. Slow. Project cycle is long.
it has some problems in the management process
Too much expectations, high pressure , low recognition..
Too political in middle management Steve is not the leader Bill was, now it's all about the money Reviews are based on a curve rather than individual merit
* Management is REALLY scared of making changes * Too much process in almost all aspects * A lot of cool features are developed but cut without any rhyme or reason * Turf wars are common...but more annoyingly teams won't take responsibility * 100s of hours are spent in pointless meetings trying to pacify everyone or eating donuts * Waste of resources....employees are not pushed hard enough...too lax goals * Promotions are very hard to come by...even though you may be reviewed quite well
Sometimes it takes meeting after meeting to make a decision when it requires running lean and agile. Also, HR people are very hard to deal with.
The company is huge and it's not uniformly ran. Make sure you understand the dynamics and culture of the team you're thinking of working with. It can either be a horrible experience of an awesome one. Good news is if you're not happy, there's plenty of other divisions and groups to work for. Another con is Microsoft is famous for its BGHS (Big Giant Head Syndrome). Meetings are always rat-hole'd by smarty pants that feel it's important to argue and debate details to the point that you'll be lucky to get through 2-3 slides of your presentation. Some people are difficult to work with because they are very extroverted and opinionated. Having strong communication skills is paramount to surviving here.
big org, corp is on downhill now, low employee morale, corporate management.
Favirism, backstabbing, brown nosing. Unfair performance review. Company culture encourages infighting and backstabbing. Your career is completely controlled by your manager. Requires working much more than 40 hours/wk. Many arrogant and rude coworkers. No human dignity. In summary: Politics!!!!! No management!
Your chain of command will determine your influence- no suprises here.
Microsoft is a highly political place to work in terms of how you get ahead. It's more who you know and how you grease the wheels vs what you know and how hard you work.
PTLs are often the bottom of an org chart in any group, still treated with respect but often are truly only versed in one area of the business which can limit advancement opportunities, or ability to understand the bigger picture of a business group.
Working in Finance at Microsoft often means spending a ton of time on small details of the business that are pretty dry. Microsoft politics as a whole are frustrating, and often lead to a lot of unnecessary work on your part as a worker bee.
Too much management by scorecard and commitments. If you're into building great product, it can be difficult to persuade people to do the right thing if it doesn't advance their commitments.
I really can't think of too many cons about working for Microsoft, other than the job leveling issue can harm you if you begin your career at a low level.
lot of office politics in the open. There is sometimes a blunt environment. Working from home is allowed almost all days of the year which does harm the process of development of a product.
Microsoft leadership has been in a downward slide for the last 5 or so years. The amount of politics involved in decision making gets more extreme every year. It can be incredibly frustrating to be part of a company with so many resources but that is so hamstrung by it's upper/mid-level management that it can't effectively act.
Other than Xbox, all other hardware are followers
Microsoft is a large company, and often you feel like a fish in a large pond. There are extremely smart people, and you have to work really hard to stand out.
Very entreprenuerial culture that is rewarded on a individual basis. Leading cross organizational projects (which is every project at Microsoft) are always more politically charged than customer focused. People are reward for being the "hero of the day", rather than a true leader. A collaborative approach to getting work done is talked about daily, but never rewarded.
Zero strategic vision left at the company. They are lost trying to figure out what is next while clinging onto the past.
Creativity is constrained except for perhaps marketing careers. Illogical approach to problem solving. Environment is dominated by software programmers and middle managers.
Microsoft offers alot and expects alot. It's not a place to come and just do your work and collect a paycheck.
Sometimes it seems to bureaucratic and political. Also some concerns about longer term viabiliity of key revenue drivers in light of fierce competition. Where will the future $$ come from ???
The company has become too big and there's a lot of bureaucracy to deal with. The culture really changes dramatically across business groups.
Top level management's directions are not the best
the Review Model.. is just not fair in high performing teams.
Lower than average compensation Archaic software development methods (fixed planning / development / stabilization schedules) In-house cafeterias could be better The push is towards "coolness" instead of "usability"
Large complex organization that may not be able to turn around a response back to customers in a timely manner. Very process oriented and lots of internal hurdles and challenges.
Be prepared for the bureaucracy. There will be times when requests must be vetted through what seems like dozens of teams before anything gets done.
The political nature of a large juggernaut like Microsoft can lead to high levels of frustration for someone that is used to working on small teams and pivoting quickly. The business is set to compete long term and is not particularly innovative (lots of innovation happens at Microsoft, but Microsoft is rarely the first to productize that innovation).
Product strategy is fuzzy Performance management is a cult of personality affair and a running joke - we spend months on it with no really valuable feedback about how we're doing, rewards are mostly based on brownnosing and who you know, not what you know, and how well liked you are Red tape abounds Products that should be killed in incubation make it to market, then company pulls the rug out from under users when they can't win in that market or can't offer reasonable support to customers Watch your back! Many people like to find others to do their work, lots of finger pointing Managers seem to think it's the 1980s and their so-called "management style" is appropriate although most have no idea what management is - all their management learning comes from MS - not an MBA to be found What is work-life balance? For some it means "I have kids, so I barely show up" while others are expected to carry the load for these absentee "employees" Reorg of the month club
-Many of the positions at Microsoft only exist at this company (with respect to Finance), there are many positions created just to deal with the over-matrixed organization and the size of the company, for example there are rare opportunities to manage a full P&L -The size of the company makes it difficult to feel like you are making a difference -Highly competitive environment can be discouraging
Way too political. Upper management only sees people they want to see. Your work never speaks for itself. You must know someone to get ahead. The company seems way too frightened to be a leader anymore in the tech industry. Nothing like working there ten years ago!
Well, when company was doing well, compensation was excellent with all that stock options. But as company matures, stock did not perform as well. They still give stocks, but not nearly as profitable as it used to be.
Generally not a very dynamic place, compared to other high tech companies. Big on process and complex (and deep) org charts. They like to lock in development cycles for at least a year at a time. Interesting decisions seem to be made based on complex internal politics among the many, many high-level managers.
There isn't much ingenuity or creativity at Microsoft, your ability to have an impact is pretty severely limited by management.
Microsoft is run like many small companies that don't coordinate well. While, it's trying to change the current climate an attidue makes it diffcult to try very different things. And it's easy to see how the internal process has difficulty keep up with or leading in the competative landscape. Passion about doing great things can get dampened pretty quick by institutional inertia and disagreement about how things should get executed.
But it's not all rosy. There are certainly a lot of things to be aware of, if you have never worked at Microsoft.  When I joined, I was surprised by a few things about the organization:  1) It's true that promotions are hard to come by. You could go on for years with pretty good annual reviews but still not be promoted for various reasons. This is incredibly frustrating and had I known this earlier, I would have done more then rather than to learn it after several years. But I believe it takes a certain type of person. You need to know how to manage upwards extremely well. Talk to your manager. Be firm about what you want and when. Be incredibly focused on what moves the needle. And have great impact and influence on others. It's easy to be distracted on other things.  2) It takes a long time to get things done. Because it's such a large organization, great ideas take time to cultivate and turn into solid strategy, priorities, and action items. There are so many people to get buy-in from. But if you build the relationships and understand how the system works, you learn to factor that into your daily work and projects. If you come from an entrepreneurial background and you are used to doing things quickly or on a whim to test out, etc, then I would caution you to think hard about this. Get used to simple things sometimes taking months to complete.  3) There are a lot of managers here who don't do a good job of balancing both their individual contributions with their managerial responsibilities. It's definitely hard because a manager wants their team to perform well but they also want to contribute directly to the organization's success. Balancing this effectively is hard and few do it very well.
Long hours as typical in the IT industry. Difficulty getting away due to technology. Constant internal change can be distracting to achieving the larger goals.
Microsoft's strenghts are it's weaknesses. It's big and has great capabilities, but that also tends to make it slower than necessary to take action. There is a fair amount of culture of complancency particularlly among the employees who have been with the company 10+ years. Many simply don't recognize the threats in the ecosystem because they have enjoyed the days when those threats didn't exist.
For non-technical jobs, growth within the company can be very limited due to the level you were hired into. Don't take a job to "get your foot in the door" without expecting to be locked in. Due to leveling bureaucracy, people have been known to leave and return months later to change levels that would take years internally.
- burn out, 60 percentile of salaries, promotion budgets, constant resource crunch
Depends on the group. Work-life balance can get out of hand. Very competitive internally. Not necessarily help to find ways to take advantage of your best skills.
Sometimes have too much complexity when it comes to making simple decisions. they have to be more nimble in their decision making.
unstable - products (and jobs) are killed often, layoffs are frequent no placement help when products are cut, despite stellar track record and top-notch reviews no clear focus or vision for the company at large while they are making strides with Windows and Office and continue to lead (versus OSS, though??), they are #2 at best with other offerings - Xbox, search, phone, etc.
There are some dumbasses too and you just gotta wonder sometimes. Cutbacks and layoffs are taking the magic away. Wish it was in the City.
-Infrastructure causing communication breakdowns -Difficult to collaborate to impact change -No efficiency in project management/ resource management
The main problem as a dev is that it can often be very hard to see what impact you are having on the organization. Products can take 6 months to 3 years to ship, and a lot of the time is spent fixing bugs or in meetings.
- Career growth is non-existent for senior IC's. - Management has lowered the bar to the point where you or the team cannot grow. - Management more than ever is squeezing productivity and providing less and less support. - Many senior IC's are getting the feeling that they are not welcomed anymore. - Management constantly keeping things vague so IC's are taking the risk.
Feeling tiny, expendable Less than thrilling work in most groups Technology has much room for improvement Overwhelming politics, infighting, etc.
Has not really innovated anything for the past ten plus years. Chases the competition instead of innovating new products as the first to market with them. The current MSFT stock price hovers around $25.00-$31.00 and has been that way for the past ten years because unlike Apple, Microsoft lacks the "Wow" factor. Xbox is nice but that was chasing the competition as is everything else Microsoft does today. Microsoft is unfortunately a follower and not an innovator. They would usually wait until a competitor is doing something before taking action. Great examples are Firefox - if FF didn't come along, everybody would still be using IE6. If Googles online services didn't come along, Windows Live probably would not have happened. No Playstation, No Xbox etc etc.
1. Unique culture and one can take upto 1 year to get used to. 2. Large corporations limits degree of freedom on various aspects
Review process seems random at best - you need a strong manager to pull you up, who inturns needs a strong manager to pull them up, and on it goes.
--Finance and accounting systems are a mess --When we make a difference, it's because we know how to work the system, but is that really value-add? --Over-matrixed culture creates overburdensome bureaucracy where big projects just don't get done, but division CFOs get to move on after spending million$. --Microsoft IT is a HUGE impediment to the success of the broader finance org --Internal movement 100% self-driven rather than coached/choreographed at senior levels, internal job search just like an external search, complete with cold calls, resume drops, etc. --Be forewarned that when things get stale in the group that hires you, it WILL be difficult to make a change unless you are among the anointed.
My managers have been decent, but not necessarily great for me. To a large extent, it's about personality, and I'm a bit difficult. My current manager has been great.  There's a bit of a bubble mentality among some employees -- not all -- who don't necessarily see other options available to our customers.  To make an impact, you need to be deep within your role, having a broader perspective isn't necessarily valued.  You need a thick skin to handle the abuse from outside the company.
If you are going to Tellme Division of Microsoft, I would recommend avoiding like a plague if you dont belong to the origin of the country where walmart outsources most of its merchandise.
Some business owners that I know doesn't know much of what they are doing, they are simply doing what they were told to do any never try to drive the overall growth of the company
Career might get stuck after 3 or more promotions - competition is pretty stiff in getting promoted after the first two promotions and a lot of people don't make it to the fourth promotion.
Hours can be long. Stock price isn't moving at all. Products aren't as innovative as they used to be. Slow.
Heavy in politics Rarely first to market in consumer offerings Avg compensation, even when budget/quota goals are exceeded Licensing model is complex and confusing to customers
It's a big company. One of the largest in software. So it has some traditional big-company drawbacks. Like slow decision-making. Like re-orgs. Like a mixed bag of people in some organizations.
Review process is not exactly encouraging.
1) Some groups still ship once in years, and the feature may get canceled 2) Not sure what senior management is ever upto - strategy changes every 6 months - lack of accountability on part of senior management 3) Not much scope for innovation
Managing to the matrix Slow to respond Too many people Not always focused Tension between software and platforms Poor performers tolerated
If you are not on the software development track you might not have the most fun in the world. Testers often try to move over to software development. And PMs seem to change quite frequently. So some jobs are better than others there. Also, once you reach the senior level it is very, very hard to move up to the next level (architect). Some groups don't even have an architect assigned to them, so you may never rise above senior level (I certainly couldn't). Finally, the cafeteria food is not that great.
Lack of communication from upper management No backbone inside the company (hire ups don't stand up for things they know is a bad decision)
- Too many akward mid-level management. They are not productive and simply show up on all kinds of meetings daily. - Performance review system is broken. Those hard worker didn't get rewarded and got piss off on their communication skills. It results in many employees leaving the company in the recent years. - Overhire in the past 10 years. It started to lay-off in year 2009 and expects to have more manage out in the coming future.
Below market salary. Communication between people on the team is terrible and even though they know it, there is nothing they will do about it. The offices are dark and dreary. You are pretty much dropped at a desk and it's your responsibility to figure everything out on your own or ask people, eventhough no one really seems like they have the time or interest in answering your questions.  Expect to spend 2 years before you feel a little bit comfortable.
Microsoft suffers from a few systemic problems that make it an increasingly miserable place to work.  First, people management is an under-appreciated discipline at Microsoft. Instead of promoting employees who are truly interested in and have a talent for management, the company simply promotes the smartest, most accomplished individual contributors into leadership positions. This creates an environment where managers spend much of their time continuing to work as individual contributors (where there natural talents lie), and neglect the critical tasks of managing and leading their teams.  Second, Microsoft has always prided itself on hiring the "best and the brightest." This, unfortunately, has been taken to an extreme. The company has a weakness for people who are undoubtedly smart, but often socially inept and acutely uncollaborative. Having worked in both engineering and marketing organizations, it's a problem that spans multiple disciplines at the company. This can make it a very frustrating place to work. Meetings get mired in arguments over esoteric details instead of focusing on the "big picture", decisions get postponed or constantly revisited because someone is always uncovering new information that needs to be analyzed to the nth degree, and innovation grinds to a crawl amid people more interested in proving that they're smarter than the guy next to them, instead of working together toward a common goal. As these "best and brightest" inevitably get promoted, these problems are only exacerbated at more senior levels of the company.  Finally, the company is hypocritical in its approach to managing attrition. On one hand, Microsoft is ruthless in how it manages "middle of the road" performers. People who are good at what they do and enjoy their work, but who aren't interested in climbing the corporate ladder, are often ranked in the "bottom 10%" of the company during annual review. This sends the wrong message to solid performers, and severely hurts their chances of finding other positions within the company. On the other hand, human resources policies and corporate fears of litigation make it nearly impossible to fire people who truly are under-performers. Having worked in the public and private sectors, I found it substantially easier to fire people from government positions than from Microsoft.
The company has gotten large, hard to differentiate yourself, some old timers are coasting. THere are some politics. Some bad managers insist on playing politics, while sr. leaders don't value the political culture.
Salary and bonus a little below average, too much politics involved in annual performance review and hard to collaborate and work across teams.
Administrative opportunities are very limited if you do not work at the Redmond campus. It was very hard to move up career wise in the administrative community there.
Like in any big organization, there is some red tape and politics that get in the way of agility. While this is necessary sometimes, overall it puts the company at a disadvantage when compared to smaller, more agile competitors. Promotions take longer and longer to get once above a certain level, so it takes a lot of patience and continuous great work to get ahead. Work-life balance has improved over the past years in general, but it's still an issue.
microsoft's brand has been on the decline for a decade and many would argue that the company's entrepreneurial spirit is dead
Work-life balance can be a little difficult. This is especially true around ship milestones. Management is usually aware of this and schedule 'morale days' to help compensate.  Each year I worked at MS I lost vacation time due to fires arising.
The company is now huge in scale. After the recession started there has been some remarkable effort in collapsing irrelevant products and groups that worked on similar technologies into fewer groups. This has really made a different to the bottomline.
Employees fall victim to managers learning on the job. If you have a new unproven manager .. move from the team.
The company offers good benefit, but not at-par salary for employees who joined the company earlier than the new employees.
- too much politics - performance reviews completely based on seniority and trying to please the old staffers - difficult to move up
You're a little fish in a big pond, sometimes politics plays way too big a part in your success or failuare, sometimes senior management makes unfathomable decisions (nix Courier?!), too many entrenched attitudes
Microsoft mountain view or any non-headquarter-campus is very different from headquarters. Options are less and career growth is limited
Incompetent senior management, many products end up being mediocre due to a lack of vision and execution from the top. At the end of each day, I would say I had fun, but ultimately my work has little positive impact on the outside world. A lot of empire building, and resistance to improvement or change.
The company has way too much politics. I've been on many teams and got many promotions. Early in your career it is more about merit and what you deliver. Once you get to the senior levels and look to principal levels, it is all about politics and who you know - personal connections trump merit. There are many middle managers that have not delivered much stay in their positions because of good connections upwards. As a company we need to be better and quicker about reducing the layers and removing people that are not accomplishing much - there are a ton of other smart capable leaders waiting for those roles that can do a better job.
Review process sucks! Very weak feedback regarding career advancement.
- The management often seems like they don't know what they're doing - certain products look like they have no business plan - Engineering excellence is low in most people's priorities
Super political. If you are not on the good side of your manager and management chain, then you are screwed at this company.
Since 2000 a rich mixture of senior people have come to Microsoft, now it is very crowded at the upper 20% of the company and opportunity for growth outside of WHQ is severely limited. Highly competitive and increasingly political success is now measured by managing the process up to and even to the exclusion of marketplace success. Culture will suffer if it continues to become even more insulated from the pulse of the markets in which they compete
outsourcing the management of some areas of fundamental operations leads to poor communications, reinventing the wheel, and inefficiency. No system for feedback on work other than from individual contacts
it's more or less like a state owned organization, bloated, lacks innovation, bureacracy
Very competitive work environment. If you are a slacker you won't do well here!
1) Companies wo frequently comment about work-life "integration" probably have a problem with it. 2) Tougher to find next role at level 63+ 3) Feel too pressured to do a new job every few years. Would like to enjoy being a "professional in place" 4) Data quality needs improvement
Since the recession people are covering there rears and cleaning house
Reactive in the marketplace. Sometimes I don't understand the long term company strategy. Focus on people and on solid management has been secondary at times.
- Microsoft is slow to move and change to capitalize on trends and market dynamics, which can be frustrating - Some teams are hyper-competitive and have work-life balance issues - Microsoft is a big and complex organization and it takes a while to learn how to get things done here
MS tends to be big and have a lot of red tape. Upper management is often full of very bright people who aren't so great at actually managing people (or projects!).
Work/Life balance is very variable throughout the company, I have friends from various teams, some are working twice the others and not appreciated well enough for their work. It all depends on the team.
Work life balance is lip service. It is not a nice environment to work.
Politics and hubris. The folks that have only known an MS a career are very adept at company polotics, and there is a very strong "not invented here" mentality that keeps their accomplishments from being truly great. The main claim to fame is watching someone else open up a market or idea, and then buying them out.
In the past Microsoft had too many re-organizations, often every 6-9 months (however re-organizations do allow for re-filling the organization budget frequently). Some managers are not good people managers, others are great. The employee future career path is completely the responsibility of the employee (probably not really a con though I think it bears mentioning). During annual review time everyone's review numbers, i.e., pay raise, bonus, stock grants, etc., are decided by management about a month before the manager/employee annual review conversations actually happen, which I feel does not properly allow the employee to show or prove to the manager what benefits and successes the employee has had over the past year.
Over the years, politics play a more and more important role in career advancement. Managers stretch employees too thin. Also competition among employees is fierce and overly heated. Constant reorgs happen in almost every product group and mellow managers are thrown out in reorgs. The ones remain in the managing positions drive employees to the verge of breaking them, which is counter-productive.
so-so Benefits package. Microsoft is fun and collaborative environment. I worked with the smartest people and it is rewarding to make a difference.
Microsoft is very unpopular in the Bay Area. MS is bit too insular, especially the rank and file who are hired straight out of collage have no frame of reference. The statement "We're the largest software company" isn't a valid argument. Although bringing in outsiders for senior positions is helpful.
There is without a doubt a focus on personal careers rather than business needs. At Microsoft, it's much more about 'who you know' and whether you have a strong rapport with your manager and skip level manager, when it comes to promotions and such
The benefits are amazing but you will pay in almost every other way. LIke any big company MSFT is reeling from having moved younger mgt to more senior postions. J Allard was moved to Zune to 'shake things up.' 20 year veteran who has no prof exp outside MSFT is moved to 'shake things up.' This is indicative of how mgt thinks at MSFT. But if you are looking for a great opp to learn about the SW industry, MSFT is a good place to start.
It did feel unnecessarily corporate and bureaucratic sometimes. Hopefully since I left the company (to check out a competitor) they're learning that speed and flexibility wins and are figuring out how to harness their strengths to reduce employee frustrations. Also perhaps as with any large company, there's always some political posturing which can be annoying. The less of that the better because fyi, your customers don't care about your internal politics!
Heavy workload and responsibility - not for the faint of heart.
competitive culture can be unpleasant
Not open to new ideas. Processess are slow, it easier to create a new process then get rid of an old one. Probably not going to do well going forward in the consumer space.
not fair, manager fight for political reasons, not merit based promotion, top manager does not know or try to learn technology, it is becoming a local government agency
If you're in a group with a bunch of high performers, you'll lose promotion velocity unless you're able to get the lion's share of high visibility work. Feature creep and politics make development frustrating at times.
lots of politics, innovation killer
Its a huge company with too many people doing similar or variant tasks and the company culture fosters competition but it invariably turns out to be back-biting politics.
Went through a lot of reorgs as the group search to find direction. I had 7 Managers in 9 months. This didn't help during review time.
Often slow to spot and then react to changes in technology and markets Really big and sometimes hard to navigate - takes you a year to figure out how to get things done! Very Redmond focused
It's a large corporation, so many times you get bogged down by bureaucracy. You also always don't get to completely choose what you want to do when you start.
It is a big company. They put lots of work on Windows mobile. Hard to say where it is going.
The bell-curve approach to assigning review scores that Microsoft uses is designed to promote competition. In reality though, especially on a team of top-performers, the folks on the left side of the curve end up feeling more dis-couraged than en-couraged to compete. Creating a competitive culture where employees must stand out relative to their peers can negatively impact teamwork & cooperation as well since those seeking a good review will spend extra effort trying to get noticed for *their* contributions. This flies in the face of advice given by renouned leadership gurus Dale Carnegie & Stephen Covey--ironically, training/books that Microsoft provides to its employees.  Another downside I've noticed is that the company places a very high value on raw intelligence but a lot less value on leadership, management ability and human relations. Perhaps less so now than in the past, but still Microsoft has many managers who were previously programmers who ended up in management due more to their seniority than their suitability as managers/leaders. If you work for one of these managers, your career can suffer, especially if there are better managers whose employees are getting better career advice/support/internal PR, etc. within the group you're measured against.
It's hard to associate your contributions with the success of the company. Organization hierarchy is far from flat which makes things even worse.
Depending upon the group, work/life balance can be an issue. Once you are within a given level it can become cumbersome to advance. Switching to another job or role often keeps you in the same level and sometimes 'resets' any advancement you might have had on your previous team.
Too big Too many senior people Hard to move once at a senior role No salary increment Tuition benefits not much
Tremendous internal competition makes sharing best practices difficult. Focus in many groups is "internal" vs. market-oriented meaning that people are rewarded for successfully navigating through the bureaucratic maze rather than solving real problems.
Not the best salary. Promotions can be slow as there is a lot of competition from some very good people.
Annual review process is still pretty painful If you have a weak manager, you will not enjoy life here Constant re-orgs (I had 4 managers in my 1st year)
Microsoft is a large organization which can result in complex, long and political decision making. This can be frustrating as an intuitive owner. True decision making power exists only at the upper management level.
Workload is pretty high and it can be tough at times to maintain balance, but I don't know that it's any different for any other top global company, especially in this economy. Decision making is hard to figure out sometimes - at what level is a decision being made, who owns it and is it mandatory once made.
People are treated as a means to an end (ie., disposable, piece of machinery). Upper management have few or no morals, business is solely judged on the results, so breaking contracts and other "ethics" are common.
Work / Life balance is non-existent. Deliver or Die mentality. Bonuses stink. Salary are far below market. Job Leveling is inconsistent across geographies.
Too big and beaurocratic Many levels to decision makers Stock price is too stable to make a difference Work life balance is unfair on some teams
Little opportunity to grow, you compete against old timers who have been there their entire life, so your only chance to make it is if they die or retire.
It was a little too large for me.
Culture is very dependent on which organization you join at MSFT. Not all have the same focus on drive and resutls
some groups capped in growth, stock is going no where, options are gone but grants are OK, salery gennerally below what is needed in area given cost of housing/schools/sales taxes/etc. High cost of living.
Culture is very strange. There is work pressure to deliver, when the high level roadmap is in a state of constant flux. So what are we really delivering against !!! Dev managers (the ones who have been there a while, like 15+ yrs) think they are Gods, a lot of them are the rest and vest type. Not much see in terms of communicating with devs. Overall, it seems like they want to run fast, however, they dont have much of a clue where they are running towards. hence the work pressure with a lot of dissatisfaction at the end.
Middle Management is mostly inept Plenty of politics and groups are usually slow to react/change Lack of collaboration on major product development projects Nepotism rules and Sr. Leadership doesn't invest in gathering feedback from the ICs Poor hiring process, management doesn't carefully evaluate the skillset employees bring to the table before slotting them in new roles.
fast paced, everyone involved in everyone's tasks, there's a reason it's called "micro" instead of "macro". Vendors are here one day and gone the next, employees are there forever and you can't get rid of the bad performers because they are lifer's
Microsoft is middle aged, and it shows. The company has got so large that it's often impossible to get anything done. I feel like I spend 2 days per week explaing what I might do, 1 day actually doing it, and then the following 2 days defending what I just did. The company as a whole also still fundamentally fails to understand the web and how to navigate it. That said, the penny has dropped that cloud computing is coming, and will be disruptive. Either Microsoft will get on board or it will be swept away. It's going to be a bumpy ride, but in the end Microsoft will get there, and I think there's a lot of room for growth for those with the right experience to help it navigate the way.
* No direct influence over engineering * Lack of organizational commitment to innovation * Unpredictable shifts in management focus * Hours can be long
It is sort of a "union shop" for lack of a better work. A decent fraction of management are promoted just because they've been there for a long time and haven't totally screwed up.
Highly competitive, hard and smart work are required, but are not enough. You need a good manager too or else it won't matter. If you don't have one, get the hell out of there. You get a chance to work on something that actually impacts people's life all around the world, but chances are you'll end up doing boring stuff, lots of it btw.
MS have some bad managers who are excellent individual contributor and no people management skill. I had one with no people / social skill.
Virtual offices at the time made it tough to stay connected. Company has since been aquired and has regional offices.
1. Some groups are sluggish and require standard/non-innovative work 2. Lot of bureaucracy near top levels 3. Things which are not good for Microsoft are sometimes done
Contractors are treated differently and not included into the activities. This reduces overall morale and doesn't provide an environment where the contractor can give their best.
While they are quick to embrace new technologies, management could do more to accept and encourage innovation. While they do not say so, they are slow to even consider any idea that does not come from senior management. Additionally, senior management's ideas are not held to the same rigorous review process as ideas coming from non-managers. If a senior manager has an "innovative" idea, it gets done with very few questions asked about whether it's a good idea from a business or technology perspective.
-some groups have mid/uppper managers that micromanage or hold people back...lack of trust and autonomy -some people value having their egos stroked above having great work accomplished. Some take credit for other's work. -managing your management is a bigger indicator of success than delivering quality work that get results -very rare for bad managers to change or be removed because the system supports them. Fear of retaliation prevents workers from being honest to their management when there are ethics issues or people are being treated disrespectfully.
1. With the wrong manager, there's nothing you can do to succeed 2. If your project goes into crunch mode for the longterm, you could find yourself stuck with 80 hour weeks and no alternative other than to do them or leave the company, because there are ways to hold you on your team if they don't want to let you leave (related to: wrong manager) 3. No raises without a promo, I hear, currently 4. Jobs can be so narrow, and involve so much administrative overhead, that you spend a lot of your time on work that doesn't enhance your skill set or make you more employable elsewhere in the future 5. The company's spending money on what seem to be money-sinks right now, which is good if you want to get into a money-sink team with a fancy title and leave it in a couple years for another company, but not necessarily good for the long term 6. Don't say you were not warned: the same job can be titled and compensated very differently depending on the organization. In general, money-sink groups like search and Xbox tend to offer better compensation than bread-and-butter established groups like servers, Windows client, and Office. 7. Even if you carefully select a team to join based on its manager, which is the recommended way to do it at MS (choose manager first, then job), this can get up-ended by a divisional or departmental reorganization that can give you a manager that is not a good fit for you and there's not much you can do about it
There always should be certain percentage of "bad" performers. I was leaving the company a month before the review. My manager suggested (probably it was an advice of GM) that I take a vacation otherwise they would not be able to pay me a bonus. so I did. Instead they gave me the worst performance review possible which assumes no bonus at all. I found it difficult to switch to another group as a developer from developer in test. Too many managers that are Microsoft bred. Most of them worked only in Microsoft in North America.
Sometimes the process slows you down. The need to whet everything from risk perspective brings the perception that things don't move as fast as they need to be.
Smart people all trying to get ahead by cutting off other people. Too much people acting on the belief that to get ahead, you have to squash other people.
Not interested in teamwork, it's every man (or woman) for himself.
But a toxic culture. Especially for vendors who are treated as second class citizens.Trust me, the people at MS are smart. This said, the toxic culture kills any creativity that surely exists within its talent pool. Good luck if you take a position as a vendor. Be prepared for not so subtle abuse.
Self-focused colleagues, opinionated and narrow minded senior staff, more red tape than Washington, DC, suffocating, circular, never ending projects that are never completed.
Sometimes, depending on the group you are in, things can be slow or bureaucratic. If you come in with the right expectations, you'll not be disappointed. However, it can be the wrong place for you if you are looking for a really fast pace.
Sometimes it can be tough to ramp up at Microsoft as it is a somewhat complex organization. Each division/group tends to be siloed, so I don't know much about other groups at Microsoft besides my own.
You are responsible to drive your own career - believe this. Networking with all those who have input in your annual ranking is important.
Culture is whacked...like joining the flat earth society. Hold onto your hat. Worth getting a year or two experience but then move on.
Not a place for innovation, no longer on the cutting edge of technology, not enough drive among people to do something cool over something profitable.
Company has lost its way. Infighting, politics and lack of innovation-driven growth has created a culture that is increasingly Darwinian and internally focused.
Don't plan on making Microsoft a long-term career. Have an exit strategy, because promotions are drying up given the cost cutting that is going on. Be very strategic about what group you choose to work in and what manager you have. Your manager will make or break your career here more than anywhere else because of the calibration process. Make sure you understand how that works and don't bother complaining about it because it's not going anywhere. Just understand that it's there and do what you can to make your chances in calibration better than your peers. This means managing up and across and making sure everyone knows what you're doing and what positive results are happening because of your work. Learn to use "I" rather than "we."
Extremely political Hierarchical - slow to get things done Individualistic rather than team oriented Competitive, backstabbing Uncoordinated Nepotism Poor work life balance
very demanding workplace, dynamic work environment, need to be ready for a change at every step.
Organization is pretty large and growing, and makes it harder to know everyone as well as in the past. Increasing competition from others also makes life a little more tense and challenging.
Lack of support from managers. Odds of getting bad managers are high. Bad managers are promoted. Innovation has been squashed and I don't think it has any hopes of getting better.
The downside is that you have to have a good manager. Like everywhere, if you get a bad manager, you are screwed - this is amplified at Microsoft.
* Without a doubt, the most critical work environment I have ever worked. Very few "attaboys". If 95% is working and 5% needs improvement, the focus is on the 5% * Never worked in a place where people are as fungible as here. It's burn em and churn em at it's worst * Very little appreciation for all the hard work that employees put out. In the end, you're just a cog in a wheel *Most email-centric culture I ever worked in. Everyone emails everyone all the time and copies half the world. On many occasions, I would see an email trail that could have been stopped 3 days ago if the two principals to the issue has just bothered to have a 3 minute conversation. People sitting literally next door to each other will email one another rather than talk to each other! * Very self service environment. Very little administrative support except at the highest levels (GM and above). Everyone else is on their own. Be prepared to make your own calendar invites and copies and travel arrangements by yourself......frequently * Career ladder and job family information doesn't mean enough. Too often, promotions and career advancement are based on good old fashioned politics and who do you know. * Work/life balance is a crock. More like work/life blend! And in the end, your family pays. Even when you are home, you're often not available because you're expected to be on email at night. Especially true if your job has any global scope. Then expect doing emails from home until 11 pm and then when you get up at 6 am, there are 30-40 emails from other parts of the world that will need your attention (because of course, once the email has been sent, the monkey is off the senders back and on yours even if you haven't had the time to address the issues. * Too many meeting and not enough time to get work done (except at night and on weekends) * Still too much reliance on stock as part of compensation package without the realization that the stock hasn't performed well for about 10 years. This comes from the top (Steve Ballmer) who hasn't owned up to the fact that incentive targets are out of whack with the market (except at GM level and above at which point, you are golden). Need to up the incentive targets at levels close to Director. *Company made a big mistake having first ever layoffs at time of still huge multi-billion dollar profits per quarter. Sent a clear message that people don't matter and this will come back to haunt them when the hiring market improves.
- Too big, will not give a great chance to do a super break-through action - Have too many products that are not really focused strongly - Rain pours and cloudy most of the time - Not fast enough
- Long hours - Forced curve (20/70/10) is not good for a high performance & highly talented team where everyone kick butts, but one person needs to be last and get labeled the bottom 10% - not all teams are great... if you landed with a bad team or manager, don't let it get to you, do your best, keep a good attitude, wait it out, and find a better team that suits you (there are plenty)
It's run like a popularity contest in highschool. It's all about who you know and who likes you. If you aren't part of that group you won't get promoted. Seriously. They have this stack ranking meeting every year where they decide it. But *before* that happens, the "in" group of managers that control your team decide ahead of time how they're going to game it during coffee. The supposedly unbiased layoffs in 2009 happened in the same way. Disgusting.  Stock that has been flat for the past 9 years. After I left the company in disgust, I exercised all my options and sold all my shares. There was little or no profit after 9 years, which leads to the next item.  Poor Management - at all levels of the company. From Balmer down.
Matrixed org, decisions made my committee, internal mobility not as easily achieved as sales pitch, many cooks in the kitch
Quality of management can vary from team to team. Don’t expect to use many non-microsoft tech.
- Company lost its edge, missed several trains to competition, and what is frustrating to employees is that lots of ideas had been Microsoft's in the first place, but they had been botched during execution. - Lack of clear accountability. - Politics there is not for the faint of heart.
Too many levels of middle management, lack of respect for individual contributors, ruthless upper management.
- innovation is stymied unless you have a degree to prove that you are capable of innovation. so if you are a phd you can innovate in your regular work hours and it is respected and time accounted for. if you are a masters, forget innovation during regular work hours, you will have to work extra hours for that and who wants to do that unless u are a crackhead scientist working for betterment of humanity.  - compensation is pretty bad compared to the industry and prmotions and raises are subject to your manager fighting for you with the upper mgmt which wont happen if you get on the wrong side of your manager - say for personal reasons. so no concept of peer reviews holding any water.
no clear management direction, always re-orging with no clear reason why, it's who you know, not what you know or do-very political, very Redmond-centric - strange for a supposed technology company
Its a Huge company, too many people, lot of competition and beurocracy. Sometimes the testing phases can get repititive and long.
hierarchical structure of the company, stack ranking practices, pay level awareness, micromanagement, doubts about long term prospects of the company, layoffs, limited freedom to select ways how to do stuff, high cost of errors leads to abundance of processes and procedures in many projects
if you dropped to bottom 10% of performance, you are done. Unlike the years before 2009, they will cut off those guys
Difficult to climb the ranks if entering in the high 50's to low 60's leveling - resolve to be a cog in a machine.
the pay is low. vendors usually are paid much higher. advancing is kinda slow for tech company. this is a company that is no longer in growth stage.
Microsoft has a somewhat negative reputation in the software space. I work hard to try to overcome that on a daily basis.
very big organization, brings with it the corporate politics, could feel lost if working on a project that is not of much relevance to business or industry.
- below average pay -low bonus
Staff is over-booked on their workloads. Job coordination between sites or locations is stressed. Communication between sites and locations is lacking.
Too big of a company. Too many layers of management. The company top managements is run by MBA's, not tech folks, so they only care about money.
competitive coworkers makes it a hostile working environment for poeple to enjoy work. too many departments resulting in the delay of projects
the salad days are over, and the process for doing things is laborious, Microsoft gets in its own way a great deal of the time, trying too hard to be all things to all people so the USP is hard to nail and communicate to customers, too focused on reviews and leveling, too bureaucratic
Very political. More important to look good than to perform well. Little support from other groups as everyone is evaluated relative to each other. If I do well, then someone else has to do poorly. If you happen to work in an area that is in favor with the company's execs, then life is good, itherwise it can be very poor. Even if you are a super performer, if you are in a group that is out of favor, you will suffer.
Very complex organizational structure, some duplication of work/effort, many competing agendas, some not-so-good middle managers, difficulty uncovering availability of some resources, 'over engineering' of some processes.
The Test ladder (promotion pathway) isn't very well defined, and so if you really enjoy testing or working on the test side, you're going to find more dead-ends.
aloof management who think they can do no wrong.
All future job opportunities were in Redmond. Our remote office was shortlived...not bitter, just disappointed. Hard to find other MS teams willing to share knowledge and resources. Remote offices were on an island. Upper mgmt would rather care about rhythm of the business than tell remote office that they will soon be closed. Preached transparency until it was time to get real. Too many managers gum up the works on proper business strategy.
Could allow more opportunities to minorities in underrepresented areas to shine
Projects at Microsoft face a lot of overhead, and this hurts the smaller innovative ones. The many layers of bureaucracy built to support the large businesses are applied to the smaller ones. And the many inter-dependencies (technical and business) often interject unwilling stakeholders.
Limited career trajectory beyond line management (due to lack of growth and limited attrition), Microsoft's inability to succeed on the Internet
senior management seems to lack any vision, all roads lead to redmond, very very political, market is saturated with our current products and leadership is week on new and upcoming technologies
1. Focus tends to be more on the short term and this maybe group specific. 2. You need to be a very squeeky wheel (and very loud) to be in the good books of management.
Majority of software employees are socially retarded Too many Indian visa workers Weather in Seattle sucks
Too many layers of management. Too many reorgs. Way too much politics. Management typically does not communicate changes. Management more concerned with their careers than their employees.
Its not the same company it was even 2 years ago, let alone 10-30 years ago. No Work/Life Balance (depends on the team) Lack of civility between co-workers Too many layers of management Director level and above trying build their own empires instead of focusing on the bigger picture
If you don't drink coffee with your manager, forget about a promotion even if you're clearly the one working the smartest and hardest
Stupid higher management who just care for their own careers and not really customer and company, performance review process is completely screwed, too much bureucracy and too much waste of time in collecting statuses and doing useless meetings
the startup kind of feel is missing. Management is more middle aged and hence innovation and new ideas take back seat to tried and tested methods
i hope the pay can be higher or even better than google work time is quite long can not learn non-ms tools
1. Sometimes slow moving and cannot innovate as fast as needed due to size and legacy
Upward mobility is sometimes hard if the group is large with a lot of senior engineers.
Work around the clock all the time...a slave to email and many meetings I really didn't need to be in.
- The company as a whole is averse to taking risks in creating new markets. It lets competitors create and define a new market, then moves in when the competitor is successful (many examples: Search and Google, IPhone and Apple). - Slow moving many times - Many incompetent middle managers - move as quickly as possible out of those teams. - Average salary - Questionable leadership at the very top
not pay enough attention on tech people, middle to high level likes reorg, hard working people cannot get promotion, political
-Sometimes you see other employees that lack company spirit
Like any competitive company, it can be a meat grinder. Performance reviews pit one employee against their peer, which impacts the overall climate of the company. It's tough to succeed while balancing work / home life. I don't feel Microsoft manages out low-performers as aggressively as it should, given the economy.
Lazy seniors, too little work lets done. Growth and learning process lacking. too many people doing one thing.
Over the years, it stopped being a fun place to work, lowered the training, added tons of crappy managers to micro manage everything. Trying to script everything so that can save a dime while stepping over dollars.They promised extreme futures and wealth for employees that stuck it out...then delivered very little once the antitrust hit. And recently they had a silent project to manage out the aging employees. "Genesis"
Glacial speed of promotions after you reach the principal/director level. Stock doesn't move in the positive direction. Hard to have an impact. Too many stars have to align before anything gets done Very insular and inward looking culture. Hardworking technical employees aren't always recognized. The more politically astute/aware you are: the better off you are if you are looking to be promoted. The review process can be extremely demoralizing. Very good employees can get pulled down in the stack rank because their managers aren't strong or well established.
The company has become too big. Growth is a bit tough given that you will have to be real good and compete with highly motivated people whose first preference is always work - so work-life balance is a bit screwed up given that if you dont rise to a deadline challenge (which the management makes sure is always there) there is someone else who is more than ready to do it and take the credit. Year end reviews are graded on the curve (no matter what the management says) - its a limited money - so it has to be on a curve - so the peer competition is high.
Only negative feedback on performance, then they smash you in the review. Everything is a competition, and there are many hidden expectations. Watch every word you say, because it *will* come back to you.
It's hard to get things done because the company is so large. There are many people that seem more interested in building their empire. There is also a culture of "appear smart", it would be humorous if it wasn't so ridiculous. Pick your division, it's amazing the number of "smart" people running divisions that are not performing as well as they should. However, there will continue to be the mind-numbing strategy review, mid-year review, prssm, wssm, target setting, budget review.
Although there are lots of opportunties to 'move around' and have exciting roles - actually getting promoted tends to be more on who you know then how you perform. Salaries (not considering benefits) are a little below average (doesn't help that there were no raises for anyone in 2009). Size of company keeps some things moving a little slower than many would like.
- Boring! Other companies in industry are doing much more interesting things. - It's a huge company, don't expect to feel much camaraderie with coworkers or be kept informed of (the few) interesting things going on in the organization. - Very top down (compared to startups and other companies in the software industry).
Unbalanced worklife, management favoritism and restrained career growth
work life ballance, review process, salary compensation
There is definitely a lot of dissatisfaction at upper management, especially Ballmer. The recent layoffs have taken a toll on morale. Again, it really differs by group. Some groups got hit harder than others.  If you're in a bad group, you might get stuck in a death march for two years. You might have coworkers who don't give a **** about the product and are just sitting around collecting checks. But if you're in a good group, see Pros.
Terrible place for IT people, they don't value IT workers You will only work with MS technologies (bad for IT people) You will be subject to incompetent middle managers, who will control your career You will have to pretend VISTA didn't suck Food served on campus is horrible You will be laid off first or replaced with cheap overseas labor Co stock is a joke
As many sharks as you can stuff in a shark tank. Movement very limited after Director level. Work life balance non-existent.
Indecision with upper management led to layoffs with recent acquisitions.
The way review process is set up, it forces developers to put substancial efforts on being 'visible'. I think these efforts could be spent more on development activities.
The housing could have been a little better. I heard that some interns were assigned a pretty dingy place. That said, they had no problem transferring once they complained. I thought that the interns could have gotten more "swag" too: zune, etc. like the business or development interns. However, the research interns have a lot of opportunities to go on organized trips to varous locations around Seattle.
Work/Life balance can be bad (depending on your team), recent layoffs have dampened the morale of employees (nobody knows if there will be more layoffs), lots of pressure to perform better than your peers and get promoted, too many layers of management, too many meetings (so work is often done after hours), huge amounts of process get in the way of getting work done, hard to move inside the company (almost the same interview process for internal & external candidates)
The rain, not many networking oppurtunity outside microsofot
Excellent pay and benefits completely eclipsed by the Darwinian model of survival of the fittest practiced in ruthless fashion by the hyper ambitious Redmond crowd. If you were not willing to move to Redmond, your career was finished for all practical purposes. Redmond is populated by a special kind of corporate ladder climber who obsessively seeks a vice president position at the expense of fair play and teamwork. Selfish ambitious behavior is rewarded with promotions, pay and higher stock grants. People see this and perpetuate the cycle. As a result, the company is very dysfunctional on the personal level. This starts at the very top with Steve Ballmer, CEO. Until he is gone, and his behavior stops being the model, Microsoft will continue to crush individuals not willing to sell (actually give) their soul over to their blind ambition and the company's unrelenting pursuit of market dominance at any cost.
- Review system designed to force people up or out, and pits peers against each other. - Bureacracy and mgmt overhead adds significant cost to getting things done. - Mgmt direction changes frequently
Progression through the company is slow given the static nature of management. Bonuses and pay raises are very small and stock awards vest too slow.
- Pockets of incompetence, especially outside the core moneymaker teams - Lots of legacy to deal with - Cross group collaboration is sometimes a nightmare
bad managers can screw up ur career, can take years to rebuild, I've had both good and bad managers, have been promoted so I know what I'm talking about, very political. Employees who have been working here for 5+ years really know how to screw others in reviews (ex. your friends talk badly about you behind your back to your manager). Employees don't really know whats going on outside of MS and generally don't care (or care about customers too much). average pay
average salary/bonus, low stock price, less risk averse towards new technology
Politics Ridiculous curve Outside experience is not valued Very few people know how to listen Focus on details and processes that don't matter Belief that they are successful because of their mistakes not in-spite of them
Microsoft is not very agile, frequently duplicates efforts, does NOT respect a 40 hour work week, and a re-org is just around the corner.
Too big to change fast. Political issues everywhere. Not all leads are good at management. Development tools need to be improved.
- Geeky and nerd culture is prevalent. - You feel as if your whole life revolved revolved around Microsoft
Management structure is broken. Middle management has little to no oversight, yet has all power over your career. Evaluation system is a joke because it is fully dependant on your manager's interpretation. HR's role is to look out for the interests of MS, not the employee. Many good people leave because of a bad manager or lead. If you stay for very long, you HAVE to master company politics and make personal contacts outside of your team just to survive. Doing a good job is never a guarantee of job security. Recruiters make lots of false promises. Many people in tech jobs or management that do not have tech knowledge beyond what is learned OTJ.
1. Being a company with 60,000 plus employees, there is some bureaucracy seeping in. 2. Difficult to bring about change.
Bad manager can ruin you. In my case, my manager in the second group was over-demanding and it made life difficult. Bureaucracy can be a damper, depending on your group.
- senior leadership of the company does not seem to know how to move beyond Windows/Office - lots of places in the company are very heavy on process and process is actually celebrated as a great thing sometimes to the point of losing sight that the only thing that matters is shipping great products. - Microsoft bubble - very inward looking, most people have low awareness of what happens in the rest of the world in terms of new technologies, platforms, languages, innovations, etc. It is true that Microsoft creates its own gravity field but still. - Promotions especially at senior levels require a lot of political skill.
Juggernaut career climbers who destroy a group to make themselves look good. A company who's only strategy is to draft behind innovators and maintain profits for the big shareholders. Impossible to get anything done without getting buyoff from tons of people. Employees are incredibly unaware of what's going on in the rest of the industry. Strong sense of entitlement.
Bad working environment. There are so much politics around it is very distracting. Many incompetent middle level managers focus all their energy on managing up instead of getting thing done.
You will be the disdain of most of your geek peers. The wheels seem to be falling off lately. No incentive to innovate.
There are some smart and great folks in the company, but they tend to be in certain places in the organization. Be very careful what organization you land in as some are well known to be the places that the less than impressive folks get parked.
- overall size of company means impact on overall company is limited - reorganizations of departments happen all the time
May not suite all kinds of people, Is not a place for geeks. In order to advance in microsoft an engineer would need 80% HR skills and 20% technical skills. Most of the people who work here are oblivious of the outside world and are still in same set of mind as it was 25 years ago. Creativity, out of box thinking, analytical thinking are neither encouraged nor valued.
Leads are often too busy to meet with you Can be difficult to find the support needed to do a good job
This is not a family friendly workplace - the surveys are incorrect in their assessments. it's not an easy place for woman with young families. The expectations can be too great.
Too big. Kind of skills needed for success here are people skills rather than technical skills. Also there is no job security.
-- Typically, people are brought in to hold responsibilities they had at least one or two jobs ago (as if being a stellar performer elsewhere requires sliding backward when at Microsoft) -- Resistant, at least in marketing where Microsoft's marketing prowess needs to be updated, to new ideas if nothing appears definitively "broken" about the current way -- Unless you're in a position deemed as officially "creative", there is little room for bringing creativity to bear -- Really, really bad people managers are the norm, good managers are extremely hard to find and they (at least in Marketing) are expected to achieve an almost-impossible, and certainly exhausting and unsustainable, level of their own "individual" work in addition to managing a team. This, despite some wide-ranging and high-potential programs put in place as required. -- Rewards seem out of whack. Really, really, really, really bad people-managers stay employed, get inexplicably promoted if they appear to improve over a few months or get transferred to another group (where they can wreak havoc on someone else's watch). I know of at least three instances of this, where each had numerous complaints to HR, poor marks from direct reports during annual surveys, high rates of team turnover, general unhappiness, etc. -- Incentives are often misaligned with other teams (or not even considered in line with those teams). -- The most difficult promotion to achieve (other than to President/CEO, of course) is from senior manager to director. It essentially requires a calculated, two-year campaign of project assignments, awareness-building to potential 'voters' of your personality and accomplishments, the stars to align under a blue moon and not a single detractor among the voters. Can be done, certainly, but it's a brutal, unpredictable, ruthless process.
Management seems to be full of managers and leads at all functional levels either technical or non-technical.
Having worked there as long as I did seeing the transformation of the company change from "we'll take on the world" to "the world must come to us" is the indicator of a company on the decline.  Management is more concerned about their next move up the food chain and their P&L than your career or life.  They hire people for their name rather than their competency.  There is very little transparency regarding upper management decisions and strategy.  They closed down a profitable game studio, mostly because it wasn't an Xbox title.
Your career limits are based on who you impress with your performance. You have to do the things that management cares about even when they're bad for the company Your credibility is determined more based on who you know rather than what you've accomplished Long work hours are expected Seattle weather sucks
Cons:  Pressure The size of the company prevents agility Success can depend on your knowledge of the internal organization
MIddle management is relatiely weak throughout.
On some teams, the expectation is that interns won't make a real contribution, and that your internship is just a public relations sales pitch to potential future employees.  The company culture is quite quirky, it seems that many employees aren't genuinely or wholeheartedly invested in Microsoft or the project their working on....evangelize Windows Mobile to your co-workers during the day, and play on the iPhone after work. Perhaps it's just about a nice paycheck and excellent benefits package.
Crowded place, can get easily lost there. Incompetent managers. Review system sucks big time. The work place can get very unfriendly because every because everybody fights for good reviews
As a developer I wasn't too keen on the software development model they have. The PM/test/dev model works okay but in my experience there was too much wasted time trying to communicate between the three roles. I feel like more work would get done if there were less meetings and interruptions throughout the day.
Career growth limited if you are not in Mountain View and Lack of creative problem solving. Politically charged environment.
It was difficult to reconcile my personal life and work with regards to transferring locations. Once you're in a location, you're pretty much set. It's not a huge drawback, but it was ultimately the reason I left.
Work hours could be long sometimes. Lots of internal competition.
Zero strategy beyond the windows / office gravy train. Promotions occur based on how long you've been friends with your manager. Engineers run the business units, and typically, engineers that embody the not-invented-here syndrome. Even though we have bought every successful piece of technology in our portfolio. The focus on "platform strategy" eliminates any attention to user experience.
As an SDE at Microsoft, above average smarts are not really going to take you anywhere. You might end up in a group doing something cool and cutting edge, but your career trajectory and compensation are going to be the same as folks in some mediocre group elsewhere in the company. That can kill motivation over time. Microsoft has become too big and unlike the 90s it is no longer the most preferred tech employer. They no longer get the "best and the brightest". They hire way more SDETs and PMs than they need.
Getting into Microsoft can be hard. Make sure you are thoroughly prepared and have done a lot of research. Sadly, the parts of Microsoft I saw have a lot of politics. Tread carefully, and ask others more experienced than you for advice. Teams or groups tend to work on overlapping tasks, therefore you have to fight for your patch and, sometimes, it isn't about getting the job done right, it's about getting it done first, and publicizing that fact. Because teams are graded on a curve - 10% lowest performaners, 70% in the middle and 20% high performers, you are effectively competing against your own team throughout the year. Make sure all the managers in your group - not just your own - know about your achievements. Reorganizations and restructuring are the order of the day at Microsoft. Learn to go with the flow as the change happens and create a new niche for yourself when the dust settles.
a. Review system is ridiculous, only the managers' good friends are recognized. b. There are lots of politics at the middle management level, so many times the project that you've worked hard to complete might be cancelled just because one mid-manager did not like the other mid-manager. c. So many layers of management, it's bewildering. d. So many cost-cutting measurements, but d.1 Marketing Managers go to Paris with their espouses for a week with all expenses paid by the company. d.2 1 billion (with a B) dollars were spent in bonuses with the top management, even with their horrible results. e. There's no way for someone to grow a career unless you go to management. f. There's a reorg every 6 months where everything changes, including your manager. So you need to re-work your relationship with the manager, who already has his/her group of friends to protect. g. And last but not least: the specter of another layoff always looming at the horizon.
Slow product cycles do not keep up with Industry- 2-3 year product cycle means that the pace of innovation and progression is very slow Laggards and awareness of broader indusrty is low- Sometime you feel that they don't pay attention to important trends in the industry that will bite them in the long term.
After the layoffs, some employees seem demoralized and not as vested in doing the job as they were before the layoffs.
The process for making decision is bogged down in long planning cycles and insufficient time to see organizational change actually happen. The focus on promotion and performance is focused on communications style and not results. There is spoken concern for the employee, but little representation in the employee satisfaction driven by those who are promoted.
- Ego driven management that rewards smart jerks - To survive, people need to spend more time doing their own promotion than actually work - Company lives in perpetual denial of its mistakes - MS is its own world and new employees have a big learning curve
Career growth is somewhat limited compared to what you could possibly achieve if you started your own company, which is what I want to do eventually. The anonymity of a huge corporation can lead some people to apathy, which can be annoying when you are working your ass off.
Work-life balance can be challenging, but mostly because you yourself need to proactively manage how many hours you work.... If you work 20 hours per day, there will still be work to do, so you have to make the choice where to draw the line.
Sometimes the politics at MS becomes over-whelming. Their emphasis on performance for compensation and promotion gives a lot of power to direct and up-line managers. One would hope the most committed employees and those that did the most for the product are rewarded. But in reality, it is the brownnosers and drinking buddies of the right people that move up the stack.  MS pays big lip-service to flexible/remote work arrangements but it is mostly talk. This is a company that expects you there in person most of the time. Combine that with the long work hours, and it is the ideal job for young single people and divorcees.
Very poor communication between employees, resulting in job not being done properly. Chaotic management style. Lack of teamwork.
Ambiguity about projects. Lack of recognition of a job well done. "Ramp up" for new employees can be sketchy and overwhelming - this area could be improved upon greatly. Traveling more than 65% takes time out from family.
In the 10 years I've been at Microsoft, the company has more than doubled in size, bureacracy has increased by an order of magnitude, and many great engineers have left for better opportunities elsewhere. We're involved in EVERYTHING and screwing it up because due to the continuous over-promising and outright lying by mid-level execs to their managers. There are too many people wyo are not engineers working for this engineering company, and they are NOT the folks at the front who have accounted for virtually all of those laid off.
Size - often 3 groups unknowingly working on very similar projects
work you to death. no real work life balance.
The work environment is flooded with cheap overseas labor. Salaries are low. Review structure is completely opaque. Promotion paths are opaque. Employees are at the whim of thier managers. Microsoft Managers are the best double talkers in the world. They receive special training.
- political top brass - compensation is so-so. pay freeze in 2009
too many directions, and lots of unnecessary competition among different divisions within the company. it might've been better off if microsoft were split into three during the antitrust suit.
They have too many people. While most of them are very smart and hard-working people some are not. Software development circle is a bit long.
bad management too much overhead process over result perfomance review does not really measure performance. In fact, I have no idea what does it measure.
It really is all about who you know not what you know
lack of accountability for leadership, complex structure makes hard to manage, cross-group collab or achieve results. slow moving. All decisions made by CEO slows down innovation path
Many of the SDET leads lack technical knowledge, and they are more fans of political fights to protect their jobs. Based on some feedback from SDET friends that their leads more tend to use job security to intimate the poor sdets. As a SDE, I feel much better being respected by my lead and previous leads. So 1) If you are a good developer, don't go for SDET positions, unless really need a job. 2) If you hope to apply for green card, stay away from Microsoft, as they laid off people and cannot begin the process in 1 or more years. 3) If you want to keep yourself marketable, don't come. You'll be lost in all weird windows technologies which is hard to adjust to and will drain your energy in the slowness. 4) If you believe you are good at playing people game, Microsoft is heaven for you.
Sometimes you're working at the whims of management in capacities that you don't understand.
Review system sucks. I don't like the way they meseaure people. Some bad managers as I heard of. My manager is okay, that is why i stay with same group for long time
Lack of innovative culture, too many middle-aged people whose primary concerns are their family as opposed to creating the next killer app. No longer has the "we will change the world" mentality, has become a company whose primary purpose is to serve shareholders.
A large organization. Hence the need to constantly ensure that one's work is visible to senior management. Keep the pressure to perform well always on!
No work-life balance. Everyone is overloaded, so planning is often given short shrift which just starts the cycle all over again. It's especially difficult if you deal with vendors or partners. They are not on your timetable and they are not in the wrong. Microsoft alienates a lot of people with its last-minute demands.
The overall hierarchy, and politics that takes place every where and every time.  The downside particular for MSIT for new hires is that the work is not as exciting and challenging, and you'll be left wondering a lot of times is it worth spending time here versus else where. However, It will be good for people that is interested in IT processes.
Worklife balance is not given importance. Doesn,t pay well.
Very large company. Has lost its focus, is more risk averse than it used to be.
Work was not challenging or interesting enough. A lot of code that is just doing routine things. It is not just Microsoft, however, it is necessary by the nature of the work. I am just not so much of an engineer, my background is in math and theoretical computer science, so I enjoy interesting things where you have to think, not just seeing technology work.  You have to be excited about your work. You do not have to work 14 hours a day (or even 10, really), but you do have to be excited and want to learn new technology, get a better developer (or a better Microsoft developer, more specifically) or getter tester, or manager, etc. This may seem like a good thing (and it really is!) --- but this is also somewhat forced. You have to identify where you want to grow (when you work there full-time) in a written form, then the company will help you - coach you, move you to another project, etc. You cannot just say "I just want to work here for my 40 hours and get paid". You have to find out yourself what you want to do. You have to load yourself with work, come up with new ideas, take the initiative, etc. This is required. So they are requiring and taking some of your emotional or spiritual energy in this way.  Too much admiration for Microsoft. Gets annoying to see all those monitors and posters and emails, advertising, how happy is everyone is at Microsoft. Even though it is not far from truth, a lot of people are very happy and very excited from working there.... - but this also gets annoying. Seriously, I cannot stand some many people claiming to be excited about their work every day, everyone from smiling drivers of the shuttle cars on campus to those working in the cafeteria, to researchers, developers, managers... It looks too good to be true, made me feel uncomfortable.  During my internship I was not given enough information on what was expected of me. It took me some time to understand that people just expected me to take the initiative. For example, they may not tell you "you have to do it by next Friday" --- but you will have to ask "what do I have to do and by which date?" If you don't, they will think you don't know what's going on (because you don't care to ask around) so not interested, or you are not a productive worker. They will find somebody else to do the job, or the project will move slower (they have many projects, sometimes 2-3 teams, doing the same thing, so at least one can succeed :)), and you will get a not-as-great review and may be eventually asked to leave. Although, I admit, this is fair in a way. If you have the initiative, go for it.  A lot of emphasis on getting the work done (which is good), but not as much on making people do what they are good at. The responsibility is totally on you. You have to figure out what you like and what you don't, what you are good at or not good at. You have to take the initiative. (Then, in many cases, you will actually be able to move to a position that you want.)  Many developers, testers, etc. are, it seems, not too great in terms of their skill, as Microsoft is a big place. However, talent is always recognized, and people are always trying to get better. If your background is limited and you need to learn a lot, but Microsoft still takes you --- then prepare to work a lot, too. It may actually be a lot of hours every day. (Yet again, nobody will count, and you can do it at home.)  Redmond location - there are some commute issues. Microsoft is working on that (like their "the connector" is a great thing), yet this will always be an issue.  So-called starbucks coffee is no good, and cafeteria food is average (I have seen pretty much their best cafetereia during the on-campus interview.)
No free food :-). But, I would rather have great management than free food.
promotions (in this group) are based largely on butt kissing ability rather than ability. some leadership issues that create distrust from employees.
There is never enough time and resources to do everything that needs to be done. Resulting is poor work/life balance.
Current economy and situation has created a logjam of once good people in the senior ranks of those who are interested in protecting their careeers at all costs, and willing to prevent those coming up from advancing in the process
unless you are really technically exceptional, technical skills won't help you too much in moving up the rank. it's the division/org/product where you are working and who you are working with that matters. i have been working with the developers titled with Principle or Senior that knows little, very incompetent in technical skills, etc,
Getting bureaucratic, interms of how people grow.
Major product groups have significant overhead and process which slows things down.
Management really uses the work of others and claim it as their own to manage up. It is a political zoo Lot's of opportunity for lateral movement but little for promotion. The process of determining who should be promoted is definitely biased and can be really unfair There are no silent stars here, so if your personality does not align with promoting yourself overtly always you will fail in this environment.
Lots of politics Lots of brown nosing to get promoted. Review process sucks Treated as something the company can throw away if not required.
Politics play a big part in determining career path. There isn't much of an on boarding process for new hires.
If you want promotion, work/life balance is very hard to maintain. Opaque and inhuman review process.
The work in Microsoft is a little boring and hard some times, due to the characteristics of the work: coding, for most of us.
If you have a bad manager or management chain you will be stifled and may not get fairly assessed come review season. Most people tend to be both smart and competitive.
There are so many corporate re-organizations that it is rare to have the same manager for a whole year in a row. All career development & advancement is based on competitive performance reviews. People who end up having multiple managers during the course of a review year are at a significant disadvantage when it comes to promotions and career growth because the managers who conduct the review have often only worked with the employee for a very short period of time, and are unaware of the larger contributions a person has made prior to that person becoming the manager.
A lot of politics and bureaucracy in such a large company Opportunities for upward mobility (vs lateral moves) are limited Always competing for resources
layoffs, politics, cronyism, poor facilities, no job security
Working across a large corporation can be difficult to enact and effect change, which is very similar to many large companies.
Lots of long hours. Expect crunch times every project, usually lasting anywhere from 25 to 40% of the product cycle. Deathmarches, as they are called, can put unrealistic expectations on you, 70-80+ hour weeks for months at a time, including weekends.
Long hours Forced ranking system forces your manager to rank some people low -- even if their entire team is composed of "star employees" Raises are only inflationary unless you get promoted They underpay -- especially for entry-level employees Constant pressure and stress from management to perform Good people have been layed off A lot of politics involved in promotions
too much politics. Some groups are fine the others are worse, especially in old groups like windows and office. .
Too much politics bureaucracy Your ability is evaluated more based on how you speak, instead of how you speak+deliver. Some PMs does not know what a PM should do
Lose your soul, non-aggressive people are pummeled to a pulp, risk losing your family, risk losing your mental health, suprisingly large number of my peers are on depression and/or anxiety meds caused by work stress. My psychiatrist noted an enormous portion of her clients are from Microsoft and she has become quite familiar with the issues.
Highly structured. Abrasive and aggressive people. Your experience will vary from group to group.
As I said in the "pros" above, it all depends on which division or team you land at the Company. Different divisions or teams can vary widely in terms of working environment. You may land in a good place, as I said before. But you may land at some bad places, where the environment is almost hostile, and all interactions are very loaded. You may spend more time dealing with the inner politics of management and your co-workers than with actual work. It may also have rather unreasonable working hours and make your life quite stressful. Finally, even though employees are supposed to move between teams fairly easily, that may not always be the case, and you may see yourself stuck in a not so desirable situation.
Microsoft has gotten too big. It is very slow to change and is very political. Also the pressure that the company faces from Wall Street causes them to make decisions that do not have the employee's best interests in mind.
Management can seem a bit random in its priorties. Hard to break out of the lead levels (making the jump from 64 to a 65) can cause career to stall.
Reviews are a joke. compensation is no longer awarded based on individual or team performance. might end up crammed into a tiny office with other people. Bureaucracy, bureaucracy. Top down product design. Middle management is over bloated. Senior management seems aloof with some of the decisions (Bing – don’t get me started). Critical information doesn’t pass between Senior managers and lower ranks. Medical\vision\dental has been whittled down over the years. Lots of wasted cycles and resources. Internal training for some disciplines is lacking or none existent. Over all the company still doesn’t understand or embrace good user experience design. Stock is in the toilet.
Too much emphasis on seniority Some "senior" developers don't know basic things (like don't try to quicksort a linked list) Proper recognition is rarely given to new employees New employees often end up doing the "grunt work" even though they may be much more qualified than existing employees
Horrific Micromanagement Unreasonable Goals No Respect No Urgency to get things done
The amount of internal movement, which is highly encouraged and has great upside for the individual, does make it difficult for continuity of information, knowledge sharing, operationalizing strategy and procedures, etc.
Gotten very big, you'll spend a disproportionate amount of time working the system.
Stack ranking reviews means that even if there are 10 super-star performers on a team, one of them gets an "U10" (under performed rating), the cut-throat politics to stay out of the U10 status means ZERO team collaboration, senior leadership that is more interested in their bonuses than product development.
Managers can lack people skills since they are usually technical folks promoted with little management training and mentoring. The ranking system during reviews in the IT group at MS depends on who you know vs. your value to company.
Different business units have their own agendas, and sometimes it's difficult to work with another even you share the common goal.
Low level management communication and leadership ablitlity can vary a lot from team to team Company can be erratic about the investments it makes - projects or teams can be aquired or developed and then cancelled with limited concern for the investment or the people involved Can seem big/impersonal at times
You're a small cog in a big machine. Very political, those who make the most noise get recognition. Much of your recognition is dependent on your manager.
Politics. Politics. Politics. Most of the non-technical people will "exceed any expectations" on how bad office politics can be. And only about 10% of the company is able to compile a "Hello World!" nowadays, leaving plenty of people for you to deal with that are in the non-technical bucket.
While there are quite a few extremely smart, talented employees, many treat it like a government job where they rarely show up, and cannot be fired. Everyone wants to own their own little kingdom.
Duplication of duties between groups, bureacratic, lack of support
Too big, too slow, lots of beaurocracy and red tape. Often an old boys club. The culture of competition could be turned around - lots of lip service about a friendlier atmosphere but no real change.
Politics within a large group requires building too much consensus. Overall, Microsoft is all about design by committee and management rarely makes decisions.
-this is a boys club, male-dominated culture and most of the men are uncomfortable around women (especially women in leadership roles) -in every business, there are few women and minorities at Senior Director and above level -tenure, not performance, typically dictates advancement and therefore managers are usually not the most skilled, talented, capable people on a given team -many teams suffer greatly, due to poor management and little to no leadership -the professional culture, at its heart, is clickish and myopic -
Hyper competitive culture means that you spend more time on internal politics than succeeding in the market. Seriously, it was easier to gain market share with an existing product than go through the hassle of launching a new one.  The wrong folks are rewarded - predicting hockey stick growth charts is critical to getting new funding - after all, nobody cares about a business that won't make a billion $ with 50% margins. So the inflated growth charts are made, funding given based on those charts, and then the 'responsible' execs move on to their next promotion, leaving somebody else to hold the bag when projections aren't met. I've seen it happen over and over.  Finally, as Microsoft makes the transition from a growth company to a cash cow, there's a lot of internal dislocation and the internal culture suffers.
Internal politics Constant playing up to the boss or those in charge Constant shuffling, so every time you have to start from scratch Lack of vision at the management level.
Too anonymous and a huge machine to get lost in. It is a city unto itself and creates a unrealistic world view.
Back biting Low opportunity to advance Constant reorgs Ego minded people Conflict
Beauracratic Slow moving in some areas Come into role at as high a level as possible - sticks forever, affects stock grants, promotion options and career development
poor management training and expectation, no acknowledgement for a job well done
First mass layoffs this year which has impacted employee morale Future growth is questionable No cash cows other than windows and office. New releases of windows / office do have the impact theu had in the past. Company now in heavy cost cutting mode
compensation is average comparing to other technology firms, and too many re-orgs. Lots of employees are simply not intersted in doing the best they could. At times it feels disheartening as people who work half as much get promoted faster. Different groups have different standards for defining value, and is not consistent company wide.
Way too big of an organization, especially if you like to have a feeling of ownership and know what is going on (you could try to seek out one of the small groups to avoid this).
Very difficult to figure out whats going on when first beginning little or no guidance. Get treated like second class citizen for being a contractor.
Product leadership can often lost sight of the fact that they own a cool technology and that we're trying to ship it, leading to directionless and mired down product cycles. Sometimes it seems like there are processes created for the sake of creating processes, not to any useful end.
If old-timers are present in the management chain, getting rewards and promotions are based less on what you achieve and more about how much mail you send and how many meetings you schedule.
For you who love the startup-like thrill and excitement of being able to contribute a big chunk of a product, you may not find Microsoft the perfect company to work with. In some teams that are currently developing prototypes for a cutting edge product, you may find a startup-like culture in which everyone tries to be as creative as possible and contribute as much as possible to the design of the product. However, once the design is settled and becomes more mature, it is necessary to have a well-thought, highly structured process, in order for the product to make it on time, on budget, on quality bar. Then, you may have to get involved in this highly structured process no matter what. It is good to have structure, but probably it is not for everyone.
managers are promoted for thier technical abilities not thier leadership or management skills it is too hard if not impossible to know the strategic direction of MS It is many small to medium businesses with two large businesses under one name and the cultuers are different from team to team.
I felt like there were very few opportunities to try new roles out. As MBA hires, we were encouraged to become functional experts (me in marketing) and shift to different product lines. There was little opportunity, though, to specialize in one tech sector and demonstrate excellence and get fast-tracked for that. Middle management was way too heavy to make me believe I could get promoted anywhere fast.
Work life balance could be better, although this depends on the position. Location of the Corporate office is terrible (Redmond, WA).
Your performance rating is decided how well others in your group performed (relative or stack ranking still takes place under the new performance system) even if you have delivered all your tasks satisfactorily You are lucky if you get a good manager who keeps his team in high spirits and fights for you. Not seen many in this category.
Senior management are clueless about the direction the product is heading, no vision of where to go expect copy other company's ideas. It's always: "If they do something, we must do it too." It's never: "We should do this before anyone else." Work environment is very political, many decisions are based not on performance but just who's in power and who likes who. Lots of dependency and repetition, start a project, finish, then scrap it, then start again! Review process is horrible, forces people to be in lower 10%, which makes mangers come up with excuses to put you lower in the scale. And if you ever get on that list, good luck trying to convince your managers you don't belong, best to start looking for a job immediately. This is an old, outdated company full to politics and people who just care about climbing the corporate ladder instead of delivering good software. Oh, and if management ever makes a mistake, ICs watch out! You will be on the chopping block!
Xbox Live is severely understaffed, and work-life balance can be horrible at times. The worst part is that it's clear some of senior management are protecting their own. Several people easily should have been cut during the rounds of layoffs, but weren't.
Can be career limiting since most jobs are located in Washington. If you don't want to work there, you're pretty much out of luck. Even though there are other campuses, you are limited because the work flow there can be super slow.
No bonuses for hourly employees. If your in a "clerical" type position you may not be considered for promotions or other jobs because of your level. No one wants to make a decision or make people feel bad. This often means that bad employees or managers are passed from one department to another becuase no one will fire them.
It can be political depending on the group you're in.
Hyper-competitive culture which places the focus on besting your co-workers, not building the best products possbile. Review process that reinforces the culture. Lack of vision and leadership from senior management. Childish behavior from supposedly smart people.
Microsoft can be very demanding, especially during crunch times. The corporation is often HUGE, so one person's experience in one role/division may very considerably from another person's elsewhere.
The compensation is not the greatest in the world. If you have a family the health benefit will compensate for it otherwise for sure you will find it that your peer at other company is making more money that you. Sometimes at work we have way too many meetings, which make it hard to get anything done. Some of the more senior testers are just pain not competent.
There is a too much overhead to your work (besides developing) such as meetings, planning. The development process is improving but is not as agile as I'd like.
One has to be aware that most Microsoft benefits related to professional growth will apply mostly to its HQ in Redmond, WA. In Washington State, the opportunities at the company are endless. Elsewhere, it can vary from dismal to maybe mediocre. Senior Management is clueless and the stock price proves it. Most Microsoft innovations are incremental and the company missed endless opportunities to revolutionize areas of our industry.
work/life balance is your responsibility, Microsoft is more competitive than cooperative at times.
Sometimes the reach-back isn't so easy to get. It's all about who you know, so you'll need to practice your schmoozing.
As a company, it moves too slow. Management overhead is huge. As IC, I couldn't see the compnay is moving to the right direction.
Where to begin, let's begin from the top. Executive management is horrible. No vision and market knowledge whatsoever. Too many middle managers, I mean way too many. Even at the CVP level, I believe there are north of a hundred of CVPs alone. I can only imagine how many directors and sr. directors there are. To summon what is really wrong with MS, the whole company is a giant check box, no quality control. The overall belief is, it doesn't matter how crappy the product is, just put enough marketing $$ behind, and it is gonna sell. This mentality results in low quality work put into products and as the result low quality product. The other major problem is MS functions like a religion. Believers are rewarded and the louder your praise is the higher you go. This is detrimental to MS since a**kissers are in charge and not smart and knowledgeable people. Execs think they are listening to their customers and are building what they want. No you are not. Just telling yourself and your employees doesn't make it so.
Too much silo'ing, not enough information sharing between teams. Fear of layoffs and merging of IT groups caused people to withold information.
1) Some non-technical managers think that implementing the products (or certain features) is as easy as waving your magic wand. They aren't able to understand the complexity and multiple variables that may be involved in a very simple-looking feature and expect developers and testers to be able to pull it off and verify the quality in a snap.  2) Upper-level managers who are not familiar in depth with what goes on day-to-day in the "worker bee's" section are the ones who blindly make layoff decisions.  3) If you want to be successfull in this company you wont really be able to pull-off the expected work-life balance that is claimed.
There seems to be a lot of process involved when getting things done. If you're not a fan of proess, then this may hinder your productivity. However, every group/team is different.
Your experience at Microsoft varies by group and some groups are very political and dysfunctional. Process can be excessive and slows everything down. Poor planning leads to many "crunch" times, but the extra hours you put in are rarely noticed by the management team that failed to plan in the first place.
- In most of the groups, promotion is not based on performance. - Some HRs violates rules easily. - Since, in some groups, managers do not have good education degree, many IC suffers
(1) Too many groups doing mediocre work (2) Review process is complicated and is not just (3) Hard to get company wide recognition
If you get stuck with a bad manager, very difficult to get away from them. A great manager can help you grow, but far too many bad managers who don't care about their employee's development or strengths. You're more often than not just a cog. Microsoft is not interested in innovation and leadership in the masses -- only in their upper management. Next to impossible to push a good idea up.
Politics/Bureaucracy especially at the middle management level is the biggest killer here, no different from most big companies. Great ideas tend to fizzle away.
very redmond-centric. Was sometimes difficult to work with Redmond teams on projects. The company is very Redmond-focused. Performance reviews are a pain.
Narrow view on priorities and tunnel vision on certain tasks while abandoning the thought leadership that is required to innovate in the marketplace.
Work/life balance at Microsoft is becoming a myth. You work for a company that always follow the innovative competitors. Innovation is not in Microsoft's blood. It is customer oriented company with long development cycles. Any innovation in a product becomes history before the product is released. I believe this also affects the stock price.
Everything is date focused and quality takes a back seat. Then, when quality problems rear their ugly heads, management doesn't have any ideas except to put the team in death marches. That's not management. There's no long term focus, at most they think one year out and don't focus on improving quality or productivity.
* Big company means lots of process and/or repetitive process. * Loyalty factor is blemished given Microsoft claims economy is impacting them and laid-off strong performing employees with companywide job eliminations. This in turn puts a permanent blemish on their loyalty factor for those working or thinking of working there in the future.
Large company bereaucracy makes it difficult to move quickly
The review process is not great. Managers are the be all and end all and if you dont get along with your manager, you can forget abt the review. The peer feedback and the customer feedback just does not matter.
unclear promotion guidelines not enough information sharing, resulting in reinventing and too many processes
1. It is a big company and many times politics is just as important, if not more so, than the validity of the project. 2. Hearing people talk about how much the products suck gets old. 3. A feeling that change happens to slow to keep up with the market.
All those hard-working people can get a bit frenzied. You need to be passionate about working for Microsoft AND be able to demonstrate it.
Lack of work/life balance. Too many "death marches". Agressive people with egos tend to drive milestones and program goals.  Too many projects that are "me-too" and duplicate other companies success stories. (E.g., iPod -> Zune, iPhone -> WinMobile, etc)
If you're in the field, you'll be on the road a lot. When MS says 25 to 50% that means 100%.
- Bureocrasy - too much effort spend coordinating, too little get done after lots of effort - Company still rooted in desktop software
You need to drive your career and be willing to work hard and grow your weaknesses into strengths to succeed.
MSFT has become a really big place. Its hard to find groups that are very entrepreneurial and dont get caught in the matrix life of big corp america.
Microsoft in its growth has gotten fat in some areas and there may be some trimming of the "fat" if the company is going to continue to succeed
Many managers should never have become managers, their ability to help you drive your career was limited at best. Communications between groups could be better, sometimes projects were duplicated or even more!
Senior management didn't seem to change when employees opinions about them were expressed
It's a large company with all the usual drawbacks associated with it. Having to put up with the public image of Microsoft can be detrimental to employee morale.
If you're in some groups, it's work work work. In others it can be pretty laid back. It just depends. Your friends complain to you about Microsoft products.
Currently there are layoffs right now given the current economic conditions. The layoffs do not seem to be in regards to poor performance but rather which group you are in (which makes sense).
Can be extraordinarily political, managers sink or swim without much support, "hero" culture in some divisions, lack of communication and transparency, fiefdoms.
Disrespectful treatment of employees as an expense. Massive dishonesty and hypocrisy in review process.
Politics, bureaucracy, permanent reorganizations, useless review process
very long work hours, not that stable any more, company seems going slowly downhill
I do not see any thing ....great company to be in such economic downtime.
Review process sucks. lots of politics involved. Duplication of work among big groups. recently , long hours and poor work / life balance.
Work life balance can some times be a negative factor, but Microsoft allows and coaches to manage the balance that works for the individual. For a technology and solutions company they have systems and tools challenges that really impact their business. Change also seems to be a constant and many employees are saying that we should give new business models more than 6 months of run time before we judge them success or failure.
- not enough people at Microsoft have gotten out of the old paradigm and now work to drive value to customers via solutions including those who set licensing - not enough people held accountable for underperforming - not enough strong upside incentives for overperformers - a lot of groupspeak in Redmond and disconnect from the field/customers
There are several big downsides to the Company. First it takes time to get things done at Microsoft, and there is quite a lot of unnecessary processes. This is a combination of the size and scope of the company and a result of the DOJ consent decree. Second, while the company is filled with smart people they are not all necessry working towards the same goal and thus 1+ 1 does not equal 2, but instead less than 2. Third, time can fly by while working at MS. Product release can take upto 3+ years, and in this time you may not get promoted. (often promotions are linked to shipping). Thus at the end you may find that you career has not moved very far. Fourth, the company is known for reorganisations. Again this maybe necessary for a company of the size of Microsoft, but it can be a huge distraction, as everytime there is new leadership, you have to schedule reviews, and change the plan fo record. Finally the recent round of layoffs' are going to cause some fundamental changes in the culture at Microsoft. It will become even more political with every person for themselves, and employees spending energy making sure that they look good in the eyes of their managers/VP's.
The MBA crowd is taking over the company. I don't know if that is a bad thing for shareholders and customers, but it is definitively less fun than it was. I had enough litigation, IP protection and diversity training to put an elephant to sleep. Product are designed around political lines and networking than on user requirements and technical merits. Information flows slowly and middle management add a lot of noise. Decisions are more and more attached to people's seniority than ideas - as a senior employee myself I think we lose the opportunity to innovate and are creating a suffocating bureaucracy. Everything you do at Microsoft has a tax - there is nothing small or focused. Everything has to be designed and planned to satisfy 80% of the requirements of everybody, if if you delight no one. There is a force field around the product group that isolate them from real customers and real feedback. In short, it is a HUGE company with no cross team coordination, more and more built in the image of the traditional corporation. We will become GE or IBM in 5-10 years depending on how lucky we are.
Success at MSR is measured more by papers you publish, and less by code you write. If you come in as an intern, the expectations are that you will get a paper our of your summer project. You could code up the coolest system in the world, and even it is very practically useful (even for MS products), it might not be worth much unless you can identify the novel aspects that distinguish it from prior work, write a paper about it, and publish in a top conference. This can be hard to take for people who enjoy development or who don't know how to (or don't want to) write good papers. An exception is tech transfer, but this doesn't happen as often as it should, researchers have to go out and convince product teams (who are often skeptical) to use their ideas. MSR is a great place if you like pure research, going to conferences, and implementing quick mockups and prototypes, and don't like writing and shipping production-quality code. MSR is not so great if you dislike paper deadlines.
Stressful environment. Need to be connected at rigt level to advance
Reorganizations hurt the business flow and disrupt the work environment, ultimately affecting customers and partners
Differentiation between top and middle, upper-middle perfomers is becoming less apperent/possible.
It is a very large and complex organization. If you are not on the product side of the engine, you are somewhat considered less adequate as the rest. Right now they are currently going through a LOT of reorganizational changes and as a result are having a lot of cut backs. That said, many jobs are being cut based on Role, Function or Group as a new fiscal year approaches at the end of June.
Business groups work in silos, lots of redundancy and overlap. As a marketer, they have woefully inadequate means of managing customer data which means it's very difficult to target relevant & timely communications to customers. Individual experience at Microsoft can very widely depending on the group and management within an individual org.
bureaucracy, politics, turf wars, too big/slow to be agile
-no innovation, and such traits are not cultured in the company -lots of politics due to stack ranking -people are often promoted not because of merit
Innovation at Microsoft has unfortunately died. The company will probably never actually fold up or go under, but if you're looking to make your mark on the world and innovate, this is not the place for you. Some of the leadership ladders go twenty levels deep (!) from the leaf node to the CEO. This means that if you are looking to be a vice president or director or some other highly placed leader, you have virtually no chance of getting there from an IC (individual contributor) roll. The amount of people you would have to leap frog is just too many.  Microsoft used to be about the most secure job you could get in the tech industry. However, the latest (second) round of wholesale layoffs, that have nothing to do with the individuals' job performance, should give you pause.
The company is turning more political internally as it ages. The review system contributes to the more political culture. We've lost our swagger in many ways. It's so big that it can be very difficult to get things done. It's all about who you report to, so make sure your manager is great.
not a true customer centric company-very product mgmt oriented--execution tends to be sloppy with respect to marketing, not really pushing the envelope, not very entrepreneurial
It's a big company and ownership of a particular business is centralized at the SVP level. Don't expect to have your own P&L anytime soon.
Culture is learning how to hire/work with people in remote locations
Toxic work environment - lack of alignment of group goals. Gets all they can out of employees with little care for "work / life balance".  Difficult to reconcile market perception in press (bad) with internal perception (great) of company's products.
-Political environment.... You have to be able to talk... even talk about something one is not deserved. -Too many layers and bureaucratic... hard to make a change. Making a minor often means going through several of teams and many months. Frustrating when you really try to make an impact. -No respect between different teams.
Everything, every task is overly engineered so it can be measured to the inth degree. No specific training in your job function, instead told to go sit in on meetings and determine how you can fit in.
It felt like there was a pretty low ceiling for advancement. By and large, it felt as though there was an us versus them attitude between developers and product managers. Mostly, it felt difficult to rise above doing basic development work.
Although work/life balance is talked about a lot. In reality, management is so poor in scheduling products, workers tend to always be behind and need to work extra hours to get done on time.
Worked like a dog, difficult to succeed and compete with single people who practically live at MS, and not nearly as responsive to customer feedback. There is a tremendous amount of politics and corporate constraints to work within. What may take a developer from a small company one week to implement would take months at Microsoft.
Review process has sucked for a long time. Career advancement can hinge entirely on who your direct manager is. In some areas there are 3 people to do the job of 12. Also, as a flip side to the comfortable work environment, some groups are so space-constrained that people are doubling or tripling up in offices.
I found that And seriously, free food would go miles towards a more awesome work environment. As an intern I found that the full time employees assigned to work with me were preoccupied with their real jobs to the exclusion of helping me out, however, this might have been a peculiarity of my group or situation, or possibly I should have reached out more myself, as I know other interns did not find this to be the case.
large complex organization - very little true impact on the company. Must be able to play politics to advance.
- the culture is backwards because it was founded by a one of a kind genius that was both a great business man and technologist - unfortunately, the technologists still rule but most are under the dillusion that they possess the same business sense on the why and how of products and their markets, and the business and marketing experts across the company are denegrated to second class citizens. The result is a glut of products that are introduced to the market with an 'if we build it they will buy it' mentality, yet any half decent b-school would use the same approach as a series of case studies on what not to do. - the layers of management, particularly on the product development, is unacceptable and counterproductive. They require a minimum of 40 people - 30 of which are layered management and 10 that actually do any real coding - to start building anything. The result is enormous budgets and excessive timelines to deliver final product, and all the management overhead pushing back and forth to stretch out budgets and timelines but spending more effort to justify their existence rather than value add. Compare this to most nimble development houses today that can do great work with a fraction of the people, money and time. - the wealthy need to go - hords of senior management down to front-line managers that hit the jackpot during the 90's at microsoft are still there simply collecting a paycheck. Many (not all) should move on - voluntarily or not!! They are no longer hungry with a ravinous appetite to make great products to fill real market needs - which doesn't take a genius to know makes a great company. Just walk the halls at 8am or 6p and its a ghost town. Sure we're all for work-life-balance, but this assumes competitively great products are delivered on a timeline and budget that the market rewards from product adoption, consumer satisfaction to rising stock price to say the least. - the senior management is fat and happy with no real incentive to shake things up. When you get enormous bonuses regardless if you burn through cash and deliver shoddy work and can pass the buck around on who's to blame akin to members of congress, where's the incentive to change?! More bafoons continually get promoted simply because they know how to manage up with an 'its-all-about-me' philosophy, yet they should be axed based on their incompetence and inability to make the right decisions to deliver a solid product and cannot maintain a healthy team morale to save their life.
As the company has started to focus internally and fight between groups as it has grown larger and the business has started to weaken. This internal focus and looking for someone to blame will only make things worse. To grow the company needs to focus on customers again.
As the company has started to focus internally and fight between groups as it has grown larger and the business has started to weaken. This internal focus and looking for someone to blame will only make things worse. To grow the company needs to focus on customers again.
Lack of respect and opportunity for senior hires
Work-life balance can be very hard to manage. Some groups can be too large to be nimble and respond swiftly to business changes
Very political, very bureaucratic, company has become too big to be the kind of company it wants to be
It's a huge company, which means that it has good parts and not so good parts. If you're in a good part, life is good and you can't go wrong. If you're in a not so good part, you thinking about switching jobs a lot.
Medium compensation compared to the industry. Little/poor communication from managment. MS products seem to take 3 to 4 iterations til they get it right.
Not likely to get rich anymore, misconceptions by general public.
Pay raises are slow. Can be political and hard to get things done.
Work/Life balance is almost non-existant. You are encouraged to come in early and stay late whenever possible. During "crunch time" it's more of a mandate than an encouragement. Political ties make more difference in promotions than actual work performance. If you are a successful SDE you will be moved up the Manager track most likely (since a lot of the successful SDEs have good leadership qualities that a lot of current managers lack).
Top-down approach to product design can stifle engineers. There is a lot of process around everything and it's hard to see how it makes us more productive. We stop coding nearly a year before our product ships - how can we ever be an agile company?
A lot was made of stock options as part of your compensation when I first started. Well, every one of my options has been seriously underwater for several years, basically worthless. Mid management churn led to me having 7 bosses over a period of 5 years, 6 of whom were a disaster and 4 who were brought in from outside in lieu of promoting anyone from my level. hard to build a rapport with your boss when you only work for them for 8 or 9 months. Only 2 years was the manager I started the year with the same one to do my performance review. Constant new programs and reorganizations aimed at getting the company re-energized just cause churn and confusion and most are scrapped within a year to make room for the new batch of bright ideas cooked up in Redmond. In all, my 'user experience' has seriously deteriorated over the past 8 years.
The review process is in a nutshell, horrible. On small teams the "curve" approach forces even the most talented of engineers to be in the 10% bucket. In the test world, there is little to zero chance of advancing to Senior or Principal from level 59 - you most certainly have to leave the company and come back. Pay is so-so compared to other companies in the bay area. The ego's you encounter here will boggle your mind. Microsoft hires based on raw intellect and places little to no value on the ability to communicate. Belief that best talent should be promoted to leadership. IC path is very unknown. Extremely political.
Dead wood with too much seniority and "connections"
Large corporation, politics, Peter's principle at work. On average, management is remakably competent for a company this large. Unfortunately there are glaring exceptions, in particular in areas that grow too fast, have been considered non-strategic for some time or are full of managers that came in from acquisitions and did not quite get how things work around here. Another problem (which is looked at from the other side one huge asset) is that the company is so large that it behaves like a hodge podge of independent companies. Sometimes it is the personality of the exec, not the strategy of the product or the value of the idea that matters.
none - lots of travel in consulting field
Some managers are not so good, and should be IC's. Benefits have declined over the years. Recession has hit some teams pretty hard. The Christmas party for my team was canceled.
Lots of competition. The developer interns have to be really good to be noticed by senior employees. You are expected to work long hours. Since I have not worked there for very long I have not felt any other downsides.
Some personality types including mine may not fit in well at Microsoft. I personally thrive in an environment that is very collaborative. Microsoft has a lot of competition between the teams and thy do not always play nicely together. I've encountered situations where managers lose sight of the business to prove a personal point. Within my group the work life balance is poor. I'm expected to be available anywhere fromm 7 am to 10 PM to attend meetings with other parts of the world. I'm certainly willing to do what is nececssary to get the job done but I feel as though I've lost my sense of personal time.
The downsides is sometimes managers disregard what is best for the company and would rather look out for themselves. This makes it difficult to show your true creativity which is needed for optimal work efficiency. Working at microsoft as an intern was extremely helpful to your resume and allows you to have more freedom at work. I really appreciated the help that my co-workers provided.
Needless bureaucracy, tons of unecessary meetings, and a culture hta no longer rewards innovation, as it once used to.
It's highly competitive in nature. In most groups, people will do anything to trample on their own team member, without trying to make in obvious, and in some cases, they actually make it obvious. Microsoft thrives on "passion" - which really means "desperation" (for your job). Your manager solely controls your destiny so if you don't align well with your boss, better leave soon so they'll do it for you. There is very limited transparency from management. And Microsoft by far, due to the competitive nature among type A employees is probably the most political company I've ever seen.
To focused on products without sufficient leadership regarding the value of those products to their customers. Tends to be somewhat of a cult in terms of the attitude that Microsoft can do no wrong. Need to improve its ability to provide leadership and guidance to its field sales force to enable them to better represent Microsoft to their customers.
Company is too big and latecomers have very hard time advancing and proving themselves. Also, Microsoft doesn't value much experience before Microsoft, which frequently results in puting experienced people at very low pay grade.
Like any large company, there are some inefficiencies.
There is quite a bit of bureaucracy. In research, there seems to be limited tech transfer from research to products. There also seems to be many isolated feifdoms that don't interact much. It would be much better if product groups were more open to each other and less protective of their own domains.
It is hard to figure out how to move from a individual contributor role to a management position. The first jump into management is the hardest and it seems like a good percentage of people make the leap through politics (who you know) vs. merits. Also, the promotion speed in the field is much slower than that of Redmond, which doesn’t seem to make a whole lot of sense to me.
Microsoft has some clear strengths, but those strengths are increasingly diminished under the weight of an autocratic, controlling decision process that is out of touch with customers, partners, and the market in general. Without a big change across the executive leadership team, expect that Microsoft will continue to disappoint and underperform.
I have worked at Microsoft for many years, first as an FTE then as a contractor (v-) so I have seen both sides of the coin.  Middle management is made up almost entirely of engineers instead of managers. While it can be nice to have managers understand the technical aspects of a project, very few good engineers go on to become good managers. Unfortunately, Microsoft almost never puts managers back into an individual contributor role unless the person specifically requests it, meaning bad managers get shuffled around leaving discontent in their wake.  Work-life balance can be seriously out of whack in some groups. This goes beyond the normal crunch-time chaos, multiple projects + hardware development builds every 4-8 weeks can easily lead to 6-12 months of 60+ hr weeks. Expectations for FTEs are always increasing, making it that much harder to maintain a work-life balance. Whatever you did to go "above and beyond" in the last review period becomes the minimum bar for the next review.  The review system fosters a competitive, rather than collaborative, environment. There is little incentive to help peers succeed as each person is stack ranked relative to the others in the group as "assists" aren't tracked or measured. If something goes wrong everyone scrambles to find somebody to blame instead of figuring out what happened and pull together to fix it.  With the economic downturn, MS cut contractor pay by 10-20% across the board. At the same time, most groups have limited contractors to 40 hrs/wk, putting lots of people under financial stress. Some managers are expecting their hourly contractors to put in an extra 10-20 hrs/wk, unpaid, to get the job done. There is definitely a sense that MS is using the current job market to take advantage of people.
Politics...Politics...Politics....It's all about visibility here when it comes to determining performance. It really is an exclusive club when it comes to senior mgmt, mediocre middle management, poor and less than fair methods for performance management. There's alot of social pressures to conform here... kinda like "high school" politics... It's often who you know, how they perceive you and how often they of you (in a good way) that makes the fundamental difference in how far you go...
Inability to perform a job the way "I" wanted it to be done, everything is done the way the upper management wants it done. New ideas are scrutinized, picked apart to the point of breaking you down. If you don't fit into the "culture" of Microsoft you don't do it. There is no respect for the contingent staff that work there. The revolving door of admin assistants has to cost the company more that what it would be to hire a competent assistant and keep them. Training and training, they have to take a 100 day break after being there for 365 days, it is tiring. And what is with the 15% cut in wages? After working within contractual parameters, they cut wages with disregard for the contracts these people sighed on with.
Where should I start? Microsoft has become IBM so large that your work doesn't matter any more. Full of Politics. People who are golf caddy of management get advancement. CEO has done shitty job for last 10 years.
The work life balance is horrible. There is an unending amount of work to be completed and not enough time to comple it all. This is very stressful. I was recruited and told that I would be given a company mentor and not just a mentor on my team. This along with other promises went unfulfilled.
The organization is now large and bureaucratic, and management has yet to develop a compelling on-line strategy. People can easily get lost in the company, and there are only a few groups where there is that high-level of entrepreneurial spirit.
There is a lot of talk about work-life balance, but the reality is that you only get the work-life balance that you demand. It is up to the employee to say "no" when they have had enough.  While the compensation package is good, Microsoft isn't minting any new millionaires. If you come to work for Microsoft, you are working for a paycheck.
It's become a big political company. (Sigh --I guess they all do after they 'grow up.') Hard to get promoted without the right "visibility" --meaning, knowing the right people instead of having the right skills and aptitude. Company not as focused as it once was -- too many irons in the fire.
1. On average slow professional growth. 2. Lack of innovations, given the amount of resources available. 3. Less customer focus. 4. Huge project life cycles
Pretty obvious, but when you have a company this size, bureaucracy becomes an issue.
Microsoft is a great company on paper but the work environment here suffers from certain negatives. I find the management to be very passive aggressive in a real mess-with-your-mind kind of way. This envrionment is also WAY more highly political than any I have experienced. (My experience is primarly from large finance, this is my first true tech company). Both factors seem to be institutionalized. I am not convinced Microsoft will be able to continue to compete after next 5-10 years. I feel like we may be at the beginning of a long slow decline.
Type A personalities are the norm. If you are a type A , then great. If you are not a type A, then you will struggle.  There has been a noticeable push to make managers more sensitive to diverse work styles in the past few years, but I have not seen a noticeable change.
Downside #1: 5-10% chance of getting fired each year (no I wasn't fired, but it's like an axe over the head of everyone but the so-called top 30%). Downside #2: the company is stumbling to keep up with the pace of Web 2.0.
Not innovative, follower, does not listen to the brilliant people, internal spending on internal marketing is a waste of time and resources, politics, backstabbing, fear, infighting between PMs, focus on climbing corporate ladder instead of cutting edge innovation, inefficiency, unnecessary overlaps, one department doing same work as the next without communication and sharing, constant re-invention of the wheel
Interviewing internally for a lateral job change can sometimes be a real challenge. Often groups are interested in you fitting a very specific description, failing to make allowance that when entering a new job one must learn a huge amount of job-specific information. Previous, specific job characteristics seem to carry a greater weight than your proven ability to adapt and succeed at a new position.  While the company often touts that it makes a strong distinction between home and work life, it is sometimes not realistically reflected by your management team. All too often the "extra mile" is required from you in an on-going basis. Sure, you get the vacation you have earned, but the well known "vacation penalty" that you have to pay by catching up on work and email is sometimes staggering. Even though you get time off, you are treated with deadlines as if those days work days. This makes life difficult if you have a family.
Big company atmosphere is stifling innovation
Internal politics. who you know is more important than what you know
1) VERY political work environment. 2) Not a great deal of personal growth opportunties for minorities. 3) An army of One. Microsoft is extremely focused on unrealistic yearly ratings and they continue to rewards independent contributors, which can hurt someone who's had an above average year and over 100% of quota.
The biggest downside at MSFT is incompetent middle management
Matrix structure, lots of overlap in jobs thus lots of contention. Lack of respect for colleagues, subordinates, and even superiors - this all comes from the top down (Bill G., Steve B.) and how they yell and rip into management at executive reviews. It filters down into the broader org.
Slow advancement opportunities, Very slow pace and ability to ship new products, Bloated organization with multiple levels of middle management
If you are looking to make money, rise rapidly, Microsoft is not for you. There are layers upon layers of management and bureaucracy. Promotions are often handed out, not based on your merit, but on how well your manager can argue for you. Projects can go on indefinitely as management can often be clueless or lacking the spine to make changes. Microsoft is slow to react to changes in the market. If an organization is under-performing, it will be atleast 2 years before a change in leadership happens, and another 3 before the right direction is visible in the market. In the meantime, competition can have a field day.
Microsoft is the most political and back stabbing environment I've ever worked in my 15+ years of experience. Promotions are based on personal relationships and game playing, not results, no matter what HR or the promo lit says. Workplace bullying is so rampant that its baked into the culture and considered "normal". Work/life balance is consistently terrible. Management is sub-par compared to other software companies, most managers get promoted based on politics rather than true leadership. If you're a person with ethics, expect to be asked to put your values aside in the name of playing the political game. HR supports management only, and turns a blind eye to all, even when employees ask/plead for help. In most cases, HR joins in the mobbing against employees when issues are brought to their attention. Evaluations are based on relationships, politics and favoritism rather than performance. There are a lot of nice words that HR publishes about performance based job evaluations, don't believe it, in Microsoft there are the nice HR words, and then there's the reality of day to day Microsoft work culture.  Microsoft as a whole is too big and over stretched in too many areas, with the result being a lack of long term vision and focus. There is very little innovation and creativity to be found, Microsoft culture rewards competition against coworkers, conformity and process. Microsoft is still much too in love with its self to focus on customers, and the changing business environment, and frequently gets caught flat footed from a technological and marketing perspective.
Lack of visibility to decision making, lack of recognition. Currently it feels like Microsoft is lacking focus and isn't as agile as it needs to be. The recent downturn and ayoffs exposed a leadership style that isn't really that concerned about nuturing a positive relationship with ex-employees. Microsoft could learn aot from HP in this area especially in regards to pre-messaging, empathy and openness.
work life balance is sometimes out of control.
Management talks about how they value transparency, but noone wants to hear the truth. It has become a place of corporate drudgery with layers and layers of ineffectual middle-managers who are so overly process-oriented that nothing substantial gets done. It's extremely hard to advance your career there. There is a good old boy network there that is too hard to break into. With the recent layoffs, there is a pallor hanging over those who are still there. Management has not been subtle in pointing out the people who are in the bottom 10% are the next ones to go. And yet everyone in the division is afraid for their job - even though they may not be affected in the next layoff, they might be in the one after that.
The overall culture is not collaborative, but this probably depends a lot on the individual teams. The company overall has been reactive to market trends recently. There is so much heirarchy that there ends up being plenty of waste, but it seems that senior management doesn't see it because the communication is filtered on the way up. The review system could still be improved, though the last round of changes has improved things,
Microsoft is a boys club and there are a few ways to be successful there 1. Treat your job as "just a job". No raises, no career development...just something that gets you a paycheck and those wonderful benefits. You can have a '9-5' schedule, take long lunches, show "work contribution" as bieng equal to amount of email you do in the day . Be seen, be social and be barely productive. This will ensure you keep you job, get prompted every 5-7 years and allow you to lead a comfortable, though professionally unsatisfactory life 2. Leave you conscience at home and condition yourself to be ethically 'grey'. I use the word grey since that was how my manager asked me to this of it. I was told on occassion that while customer is right, it is important to do right by the team.. you will be asked to "think of the key message not numbers", "gloss the details", "fudge the numbers". If you can do this, yes you have a career at Microsoft. 3. Join the boys club : Microsoft is a boys club. Those that drink together, plot together. And If you can crack the code on being on the inside AND do #2, success if yours.
Only part of the company got fully integrated into Microsoft. The Agency division, known as Avenue A & Razor Fish is not part of Micorsoft. Although they carry Microsoft blue badges, their compensation system, benefit are quite different from Microsoft. There was a rumor Microsoft was gonna spin off AARF division very soon, however, it has been almost two years AARF is still there.
* Negative public perception * Seattle weather
There are many layers of management, sometimes too many. You can get bogged down with meetings upon meetings in order to get buy off from all management levels. Not only does this slow the generation of new ideas, but it also becomes a drag on productivity as many times you will feel like your job's many purpose is to prepare for a meeting.  And because this is a large company with many business groups, office politics and fiefdom creation can become prevalent.  Finally, there does not seem to be much accountability at the management level so bad decisions often go un-punished.
I've worked in some pretty politically charged places before but Microsoft beats 'em all. I was really taken in by all the wonderful talk and presentations about equality, fairness, and focus on employee development. I certainly have been more than disappointed in what I've observed since starting at Microsoft. The MYCD and performance reviews have been mostly focused on what management wants and precious little about what I might want to develop and contribute. Their goals change daily and, conveniently, those goals are not clearly articulated until it comes time to point out that you've failed to meet them.  I've watched several very questionable promotions made that I'm convinced are based on favoritism and previous agreements, not on ability to manage or lead. I have endured endless micromanagement, insulting condescension, and outright aggressive opposition in my daily work.  Microsoft is extremely top-heavy with unnecessary layers of management. I'm amazed that any product EVER gets out the door. In fact, that anything gets done at all. There seem to be more meetings than there are hours in the day. Many of us at the bottom of the ladder would love to actually be able to perform as the team we're so often admonished to be but it's impossible to function as a team when we're pushed in so many directions with differing goals.  I have come to the conclusion that working here is a nice start to my resume but definitely not a place to build a career. I think I could forget any career if I stayed here.  And, HR? Don't bother asking for any assistance from them. They're too busy protecting the spoiled, power-hungry management. Speak up and YOU become the liability.
The work life balance is totally random. Some weeks/months I'll be able to do whatever I want, but some months I'll work 80+ hour weeks a few weeks in a row. Management attempts to fix this, but I've seen the pattern of poor planning saved by last minute heroics a few times now. We also have a tendency to get out of touch with reality. Not everyone in the real world has a quad core computer with 8GB of RAM and fast internet at home, but we get lulled into making that assumption because everyone we know here has all that stuff.
They focus too much on their technologies. It may be the best place to specialize in MS technologies, but if you want a more general experience that will be restricting. There is a general atmosphere and hype inside the company that "Microsoft is the best", which gets tiring after a while. Combined with the facts that MS is less diverse in their projects than other tech giants, the huge bureaucracy and the large number of ineffective managers unable to give the right feedback, i couldn't think of myself working there for more than 2-3 years. In conclusion, working for MS is great to launch your career, but working for a smaller, newer and faster developing firm is much more interesting.
1) Politics - too much top down mgmt, lack of clear directions, too much power stuggle, power centers in new / start up teams  2) Some teams are too fast paced - work/life imbalance, power centers, too fast w/o attention to long term sustainence  3) Being able to use your vacation - 1 yrs vacation gets accured however, depending on the team you are in, you may be working way too hard. It's about personal dicipline as much as the team's philosophy on work/life balance. Work smarter not harder else you'll get burnted out too soon and then the results will be disatisfying.
Hyper-self critical at times to the point of being self-defeating, too many middle managers focused on building little empires instead of innovative & cool new products, strange malaise seems to underly a lot of work for the last several years
They tend not to value anyone not producing code or selling it. They need to understand how important it is to have a foundation underneath to produce and test their code. They seem content to just outsource these positions, not knowing how much guidance these developers and testers need to manage their space effectively.
Work Life balance is hard to achieve when everyone is putting in many hours. Most people I have encountered continue working once they go home and at a minimum log in to respond to emails until late into the night.
Work life balance is very difficult to achieve / maintain. Company is invested in too many areas now...it's feels like we are Peanut butter attempting to invest and cover too many areas at the same time. There is not really strong fiscal discipline although this is starting to change with the recently announced layoffs. The company has become more bureaucratic and less nimble as it's continued to grow. It relies too much on the Windows and Office franchises and needs to re-vision to role of software (and especially it's delivery) before MS becomes irrelevant. there are too many internal meetings and not enough time spent with customers / real people...Redmond is pretty insular.
Management churn, limited promotions, poor product quality
The company is run by an Idiocracy. Ego centric people who do shameless self promotion nad polititcs whie not doing self critisim - They are are happy to steel credit for good work and critisize the rank and file employees who are working their hearts out. HR is a sham- They say they are supporting the employees while they are really only the police to protect the egos on the top. There is no career guidance and management of the company's most important human assets that are not considered within the top 20%, (the bulk of the employees)
Microsoft has become a very large company which has led to much complexity within the company (org, etc) and out in the market (products,etc). Microsoft's biggest challenge is in it's own success of growing so big, which in many product areas has made it slow to react and respond to the competition.
Some of you might not like the Seattle/Washington area. Personally, I prefer more of urban culture. Seattle is pretty nice, but it rains a lot. Things can also move a little slow at Microsoft, but it depends whether or not that bothers you. Sometimes, it's nicer just having a slower pace work environment.
sometimes it feels like this company is way too big.
It is a huge company, you need to compete to stand out. But as long as you are willing to work hard it should be ok. There is some inter team compition for rewards, on my teams it was healthy but I know on some other teams that kind of dynamic caused problems.
Very politcal environment and the overall upside potential for ambitious employees makes it not a very attractive or lucrative opportunity
Slow career advancement, With stock becomes valueless, compensation package is not very competative among top tier companies, Long term prosperity of the company is in question after huge missteps from senior leadership team: in all those years, MS is focusing 100% on finding the next multi-billion dollar business after Windows and Office. It is willing to spend enormous resources on some stupid ideas like smart watch instead of trying them out and fail fast in light way. With its effort spreading so widely, the core business is losing attention and we are seeing big troubles in Windows Vista and Window Mobile. The most questionable strategy is betting the whole company on search to chase Google's tail. It's not clear whether this is for the company's good or for Bill and Steve's personal ego. After 5 years and tens of billions of dollar, the Live search is still miserable. Now it's not clear that Live search would even be able to catch up before the core business dry up. The search game becomes a billionaire's gamble by risking this once great company.
No exposure to the real world, technologies on other platoforms. Most of the time you are competing with your team mates for a good review. This fosters a poisonous environment, lack of cooperations, backstabbing and so on. This is perhaps the biggest downside to working at Microsoft. However, most other large companies have similar issues.
Time consuming - you're expected to be there 24/7. That's fine when you're fresh out of school but it doesn't work when you want to start a family (which is why I left). If you aren't protected by someone higher up, forget growth opportunities. People just aren't very nice to each other when the heat is on - it tends to be toxic. Senior management (i.e people who are directors and above) are not seasoned or trained at all. As a result getting constructive career direction can be difficult. Also because favoritism is rampant it impacts morale in a negative manner.
Poor documentation of processes and little training. Not very opened to take inputs from people with greater knowledge on certain matters. Too much contracting offsees leave gaps on outgoing quality.
It's become very big, and there can be a lot of process (depending on the team.) Too much overlap across different teams' charters. Not very innovative, doesn't take risks.
glass ceiling, executives who manage up well but are poor team leaders
Somewhere along the way the upper management lost sight of the ball and kept looking for the next billion dollar business without realizing that the current billion dollar businesses started from humble beginnings. The lean mean machine that was Microsoft when I joined back in the mid-90's has long gone - middle age has not been kind.
it all depends on the team and who you know. it is much easier to go out of the company, get a promotion and come back in at a higher level than work your way up. even though there are annual reviewes, individual goals are not alinged with those of the ocmpany and many teams end up working on the same stuff or simply waisting company resources if it's in the GM's interests to gorw his/her org.
It's a large company - so like any other large company there are structures and processes that some might not like. It does vary from group to group. If you work in an established product like Windows/Office there are many processes to be followed, whereas if you work for an innovation group, it will be much more like a start up.
Company felt like it had too many layers of managers. People outside the company can be snide when they discover your employer is microsoft, I had more than a dozen incidents here in Silicon Valley where people got verbally hostile once they found out where I worked. Traffic on the main highway outside the SV Campus is a nightmare at rush hour. You'll eventually feel like you're camped out inside microsoft while your buddies on the outside are having fun making heroic stuff happen at startups.
High expectations of performance, often it's a stressful environment, with frequent changes in direction. As mentioned below, often the Senior Management team is seen as changing business directions frequently. This often creates a stressfull environment for more junior employees.
Can get static in a big establishment. u Can get blocked in career areas where there is little scope for change to companies outside microsoft.
Most hiring managers and recruiters pitch "very easy to move around within Microsoft if you want a new challenge". Well reality is if you are even half way decent, and have been in a team for a bit and are adding solid value, chances are you will have resistance when you try to leave. Or better yet like it has happened to thousands of employees, you actually get "blocked" from interviewing in another team. It has gotten better though in that you don't get blocked much anymore as they finally put accountability on managers to stop this horrible tactic of doing this and now a VP has to approve a "block", so that manager has to explain why you are soooooo valuable and non-replaceable that they can't let you go.
With such a large workforce there seems to be a class divide between contractors and employees in the organization. Also, there appears to be some issues with cohesiveness in the company. Groups doing their own thing pretty much.
There is no real downside to this company. A few issues that I have heard are that some groups are very big and promotions and bonuses are not as per expectations. A few groups like Windows and Office have a lot of money while the latest upcoming groups might not have as much capital before the release of their products. Another issue that has cropped up lately is the quality of people being hired at Microsoft. It used to be that the very best get in, but I have seen a few people who have someone got a job when they are not suited to work for Microsoft, the main reason might be the hiring spree that Microsoft had a few months back.
The organization is byzantine. It takes, easily, 6 months to begin to understand the basic breakdown between the different groups. It's also hard to find any one spot where you can understand how all the pieces fit together. This can be extremely frustrating initially, and also makes it difficult to find the people you need to in order to accomplish your goal.  Corporate is sometimes slow to respond to either the concerns of the field, or of the customer. Incentives between parts of the organization are sometimes not well aligned. We also tend to be a little too focused on our internal organization versus the needs of the customer.
Management is at times totally distant - there is no communication with line employees on important matters due to a lack of trust. Strong bureaucracy limits freedom and establishes an "us vs. them" mentality at times.
Competition is king at Microsoft, even internally. That sometimes leads to a lack of cooperation and collaboration across teams/organizations.
Like any company, promotions are sometimes politically based. Additionally, financial resources are endless, which leads to executives being "scatter brained" at times opposed to streamlining their focusing. Too many meetings reduces productivity. Team meetings, company meetings, conference calls, you name it, we're having them.
Lack of growth opportunities most jobs are very tactical, managers not only manage staff but have their own tactical work to accomplish. Significant management overhead, limited growth potential, corporate culture is less than desirable
It takes a long time to get anything done, requiring several levels of approval. People tend not to do what is best for the product but what's best for their career at MSFT. It can be very frustrating when you want to do something that is great for the product but are prevented from doing so for various silly reasons. Also, if you are a developer, get ready to work on a ton of legacy code. This is probably one of the most frustrating aspects, having to deal with code that's 5 or sometimes 10 years old. Sometimes it just doesn't feel like I'm working at a high tech firm.
The corporate environment can be a bit stuffy and overwhelming. There are many re-orgs all the time and your entire group can be laid off. Also, the organization is so large that it can be hard to stand out or feel like you're making a difference. I found the whole "color coding your personality" thing a bit silly and obnoxious. Despite the bus system, the commute just sucks.
Microsoft has become a large organization and that has brought tons of unnecessary process overhead.
Not an innovative company considering over 7B in R&D, highly political and territorial. A product and engineering oriented company with poor understanding of customer needs - that is my MS is alway second to market in everything- it follows others. I can hardly think of any product which MS has taken to market first.  Poor product quality overall and monopolistic attitude of bundling is a hurdle to quality as well.  Mediocre salaries.
Slow moving and loosing the innovative edge. The company's management used to be extremely accessible and brutally honest with it's employees. This was 8 years ago when I joined the company. Now there are too many prep meetings for meetings with executives where so much of the informatin is filtered by people trying to protect their jobs - that it is getting harder and harder to make quick swift decisions to compete in the Google Era of Microsoft's history. Microsoft has survived the past competitive eras because they were software products that can take some time to build, etc. Applying a 18month-36month development cycle to Internet services which are literally in beta for years does not work. This is the reason MSN and other divisions of Microsoft are struggling to compete with Google.
Microsoft culture is not as pragmatic as it used to be, and is becoming less so every day. MS people used to want to "change the world" (which they did), but now it's much more about "playing the game". The creeping bureaucracy is not, as some say, the inevitable result of growth - but rather the result of a loss of cultural momentum. As the old-timers leave, and new people join, the culture is shifting - slowly, but inexorably (like global warming).  In years passed, it used to be okay to openly challenge virtually anyone's rationale, as long as your argument was strong. Now, that could be politically unwise, and could hurt your career. Bad news used to "travel fast", but now it is more often suppressed. The true impact of modest reportable achievements tend to be exaggerated, often to a great extent. A project with minimal value but great visibility can do a lot to help your career, but the reverse will generally not.  Regardless of recent HR attempts to improve team collaboration, the element of intra-team competition remains as strong as ever, even within the formal reward structure. Helping others on your team will usually not impact your review, but "game playing" to improve your visibility at the expense of your peers is usually rewarded. This is true at every level of the company. Microsoft is not unique in this regard - but you should be clearly aware.
Too long hours and no social life
Bloated organization of lazy slobs who cannot see anything outside of the Redmond-topia. This total disconnect taints every facet of our business.  Because the ranks are full of useless middle-management who were promoted for no reason other than to retain bodies and build miniature empires, promotion is difficult if not impossible unless you master the brown-nosing politics of the old guard. It goes without saying that performance is not rewarded.
You are guaranteed to get asked to help troubleshoot every Windows or Office problem your family and friends encounter, and it doesn't matter if your job has nothing to do with those products. You get teased by family and friends about working for a monopoly and about Bill Gates' hair, you get to hear about how Linux is so superior to Windows for all sorts of obscure tasks, and people send you links to those damn "Hi, I'm a Mac" commercials. Working in the Redmond, WA area means that 40,000 of your neighbors are also your co-workers, many neighborhoods are easily 60%+ Microsofties, so it can get a bit weird constantly being surrounded by the people you work with.
The company is too huge ... slow moving ... sluggish. We need more ways of getting things done faster. It would help a lot if there was an easier way to reach employees within the company. We also need more visibility to product groups. It can be very daunting for someone who is starting afresh. Also, there is too much shuffling of upper management and product groups and not enough focus on long term strategy. The lack of openness is also a bad thing. Its about time more stuff was open sourced. It would lead to bugs being discovered earlier causing less of a problem.
red tape, too many marketers with too little experience, poor career opportunities in marketing, cliques could control promotions and salary increases by manipulating the performance review process. Slow pace to innovation because of the big legacy. Ensuring backward compatibility is a hard task that few customers appreciate. Not diversified portfolio, revenue still 90% based on Windows and Office flagships. E&D and MSN are bleeding divisions with no clear plan to get ever profitable (yes, that means paying for all the 10+ year loses)
Incompetence of upper management. Convoluted review system and lack of transparency in compensation. Crappy stock.
Enviornment has become much too political. It's much too diffiuclt to get anything done - any decisions are endlessly reviewed and second guessed. Management is building fiefdoms and is scared of any change or anything that will threaten that.
slow career growth, ranking system, most projects are very closed and you get experience with internal tech, not very open towards the rest of the industry. Stock never goes up.
review process and promotion/bonus awards lack clarity. lack of guidance on career progress. things are very dependent on who is your manager. management in general gets loads of rewards compared to individuals.
Too many management layers, takes too long for high-achieving people to get promoted, not the best place to work for people to want to rapidly advance. I personally know of several people who, at most other companies, would be much further along in terms of pay and comparable job leveling if they were somewhere else. But, Microsoft's corporate bureaucracy and political process has slowed them in their advancement tremendously. This is tantamount to taking food out of peoples' mouths.
Work, Work, Work! I work extremely hard and work long hours to exceed my goals. Oftentimes, there isn't much recognition. Additionally, because MSFT is a huge company, there are way too many corporate rules and regulations to abide by and the bureaucratic nonsense oftentimes gets in the way of good performance.  Distance to corporate is also a downside. I work in the field and only make it to Seattle at most twice a year. Everyone in Redmond lives in an ivory tower and the disconnect between the field and corporate is shocking - from a culture and a realistic perspective.
Ironically, many of the downsides are the same as the upsides. The work ethic here is INSANE! For your employment anniversaries you get a giant prism/crystal and two cards. One: thanking you for your years of service and contributions to the company. Two: for your significant other, thanking him or her essentially for the sacrifices made as a result of being saddled with a Microsoftie for a S.O. Yes. Seriously. My husband gets a kick out of it everytime. (Ahem, at least Msft REMEMBERS anniversaries.) And, sacrifice, you will: there's a sub in every country. In other words: in every time zone. You'll take a lot of calls at odd hours in your pajamas and you'll bump into a lof of co-workers in the office on wkends. The place has grown tremendously since I started here. The Red-tape dispenser is endlessly full. The workload is huge and you can count on an annual re-org (usually mid to late January) of whatever group you work in. Raises are sparse. They are distributed via boxscore and thhere's a max allotment for each org. You can see how this might work better for some and not others. The idea is to keep everyone at top performance, but it eventually serves to piss some people off and send them to Goog or bounce around the company until they burn out from starting over. Some employees choose to leave Msft and return shortly after to another role to renegotiate comp. Stupid, yes. Worked for me both times.
Big company bureaucracy and politics. Upper management is frequently out of touch and doesn't communicate well on product direction.
Windows Vista gets a bad reputation.
one of the key component missing is the startup feel in which people take more risks and try new things more easily. People sometimes focus on looking good to management, improving their review or overfucusing on the result for this fiscal year or quarter rather than doing on the right thing for the company for the long term.
The stock is flat. The weather in Seattle is generally lousy. The future of the company is not as rosy as the past. The traffic in the area is lousy during commute times. There is a general lack of innovation from the newer guys. They expect everything to come from a book.
Lack of time to take the said training.  Your entire year revolves around performance reviews. You think about reviews all the time. You get done with an annual review and it is suddenly time to set commitments for next year and before you know it, it is time for a mid year review and updating those commitments and then it is annual review again. in between, you have to fill out other forms related to ladder level and what not. all the time you spend on this is time spent away from doing real work.  too many meetings.  too many lousy managers.  Too much focus on visibility and such. not enough focus on your technical abilities. Who you know counts far more than what you know.
low-level management wasn't so great, the company gets bad press, lots of bureaucratic nightmares between teams
Good for the specialist not great for a jack of all trades or someone who thrives on change. Takes a long time to really get anywhere or to advance. Company is pretty slow moving and methodical. Tough to be in this industry and feel like you are on the edge of technology in this environment.
Competitive and confrontational culture - not much consensus building or collaboration. Big matrix results in lots of duplicative efforts and territory wars
Intensely political, managers are distracted from the essential work of managing by political considerations, "Managing upward" is the key to career success - lot's of attitude without credible results. Bad decisions are made regularly because short-term thinking dominates. A very strongly hierarchical culture - that is too big for hierarchies to be effective.  Lot's of teams going nowhere: not cut, not funded for success - career deadzones.  Deadening series of meetings: coordination is necessary, but heaven forbid there a technology to cut away the endless meetings that sap productivity.  Poisonous managers, as probably has to be expected in a culture that has so many, but offers no training, except for how to avoid lawsuits.
Even if you think you are meeting your objectives/committments, you're not. There are so many 'unwritten' factors in how management judges you, and these factors can change every month without you even being informed. Watch out for your peers who will back-stab you every chance they get in order to get a 2-3% annual raise. Expect to have a new manager at least 2 times per year.
Bureaucratic bloat has impacted the ability for most teams to be agile. For a technology company, it's amazing that there is almost no acceptace of remote/virtual work. While working remote/telecomutting, part time, etc is given alot of lip service it's almost always career limiting.
Not a company for people with 8-10 year experince. Mostly you will have join at a lower level at Microsoft and will take years to grow to where you would be if you had not joined Microsoft. Has a bloated middle-management. People who have joined in the 90s will never leave Microsoft and have mostly captured the middle management layer. Very difficult to grow into that role now.
Many people are working themselves sick. Also, there is not really a culture of sharing information or collaborating. If something is not in someone's commitments, then you can't count on them. Product development can take so long that you may be working on an irrelevant product by the time it's near launch.
Arrogance, high levels of unwarranted competition, hard to get through "the club." The wrong people often get the credit and really bad behaviors are often rewarded.
Let's start with some of the nastiest people I have ever worked with in my life. People that are so arrogant and competitive that you get depressed on Saturday knowing you have to go to work Monday. Add in the cult like personality of those same people. I actually got blasted for having an iPod. I think every Zune player sold was to a Microsoft lemming. Sprinkle in a political machine that makes Nixon look tame. Management speaks in acronyms about everything, a typical meeting is so filled with acronyms that you are often wondering what in the blue hell they were talking about. And finally, a product set that is becoming increasingly irrelevant. And the usual lack of work/life balance, improper tools to do my job, the usual minutia if you happen to not submit a time sheet because you were in an airport until 2am on a Friday.
Not the most innovative company. Very slow-moving in terms of new markets. Given Microsoft's enormous size (almost 100k employees) it's easy to get lost and forgotten by management. Unfortunately, most of the industry looks down at Microsoft employees to the point where it's embarrassing to admit that you work there. Overall, externally, MS has a bad reputation, but as an employer I do think that their reputation is a good one. It's very difficult to start something new and innovative: only certain key employees are allowed to be involved in such things: the rest of us just slog along. Not a lot of self-reflection within the company (i.e. self-criticism).
too big a company, too much competition, performance assessments and their limitations, too much work at times, still not as aggressive as Google
If you get tired of references to "the evil empire", don't work at Microsoft. While the company might have a relatively good reputation outside of the IT industry, there are a lot of people who have negative opinions of the company because of their past business practices. The stock hasn't done very well over the last 7 years, either. Microsoft certainly isn't a place where you can "rest & vest" anymore. If you're looking to make money on stock, this isn't the place. The salary portion of the compensation isn't bad, but it isn't great. Microsoft pays a little below the market, from what I've seen in the salary surveys.
Career growth is limited, once you enter the company. Minor promotions happen on annual basis. If you enter the company in lower level, you have no chance of moving up, regardless of performance.  Work-life balance does not exist in many teams. The company sets unreasonable expectation for responsiveness, causing employees to reply to e-mails across the clock.  Directions are not set clearly and there is significant randomization. Communication channels and responsibilities are also not well defined across the company.  Teams rarely work well together, as the culture is competitive instead of collaborative.
management is terrible. many managers got into microsoft in the 90s when it was rapidly growing and quickly moved up the ladder when there was a low bar. today, some of them may not even be hired if they applied. they hold on to what they have by blocking anyone new below them from moving up. employees joining microsoft in the 2000s have a major turnover rate due to frustration of no career growth from this, not to mention lack of mentorship from incompetent managers above them. there is a highly unnecessary amount of managers and layers of management, its no wonder it took over 5 years to make vista. efficiency is impossible with this. consequently, poor management leads to a flat, non-growth value stock for 8 years or so. bright people with innovative ideas below management have a hard time getting their ideas pushed forward with the extreme bureaucracy. the review process is highly opinionated and more like a popularity contest, lacking objectivity based on actual performance.
Like every company there are pros and cons when working at Microsoft. Microsoft is a large company with lots of workers, and one can get "lost in the crowd". You need to stand out to get noticed.
We are a company of 90,000 - its easy to get lost in the mix. Growing your own ideas can sometimes be challenging.
Despite management efforts there is still a lingering sense of alpha-dog b.s. Moreover the internal competition is often more intense than the external competition. As a very developer/technology lead company sometimes it is a little too focused on create new vs. embracing the community. Email is almost completely
Huge beaureacracy makes the company a slow mover
It's huge, and the spread of one's work gets to be overwhelming as a result. Also, the review and compensation model is getting clearer, but is still fairly convoluted and most people have no idea how reviews are formulated.
Middle management is disappointing - most of the middle managers are very incompetent and lazy. The review process gets in the way of innovation. The organization is very far from efficient, and there are several managers with just one or two employees, clearly a waste of resources. Some competing companies are way quicker than we are.
culture of criticism, which in general, rewards the know-it-all personalities and is detrimental to certain 'helping personalities.' one's reputation in this culture is of paramount importance not only with customers, but also with partners and co-workers. most employees recognize this and spend an inordinate amount of time and energy trying to impress each other, instead of just getting the job done, serving customers.
- Big company, too many duplicated efforts, and not enough communication between groups - Sometimes it feels like the different groups don't cooperate, which is frustrating at times
The company's experience is very group-specific. If you don't pick you group carefully, you could easily end up in a group you don't like very much. Also, the company as a whole has very bad press-coverage. A day does not go by that I notice some headline somewhere saying something negative about Microsoft.
Unfortunately, Microsoft is a really big company and the corporate bureaucracy is most acutely felt during review time. Review goals are often made irrelevant by changing requirements during the course of the year and the review process is lumbering and is often times burdensome.  Your career advancement & opportunities are often determined more the by subjective opinions of ill informed managers, than by merit & objective facts. If you have a good relationship w/ a good manager, you'll probably go far in your career. If you have mediocre manager or one that you have a strained relationship with, you should switch groups or leave the company, ASAP. It's easier to advance your career outside of Microsoft than inside of it.  The stock based compensation (options, grants & ESPP) isn't anywhere near what it was during the 1990s and the base salary hasn't made up the difference.
Size breeds laborious process and overbearing politics - likely the same in any company with over 80,000 employees. It becomes a significant challenge to get meaningful work done, as you end up spending huge percentages of your time churning through v-teams, lining up stakeholders, navigating ownership issues, and the like.
Not really an inclusive environment. Diversity is terrible unless you are Asian or white. Growth opporuntities are limited to Redmond, WA.
It has become beaurocratic. Don't necesserily hire the smartest people anymore. No longer a culture of sharing and debate. It has become a place of cry babies if they don't get their way, especially developers who think they are smarter than they really are.
Microsoft's overall compensation package is "fair". However, compared with other companies in Silicon Valley it comes short overall.
If you do not work in Redmond or relocate your career advancement is limited.
The secret society that exists between those that have been at Microsoft the longest. It is a tough click to crack. There is no clear roadmap to parnter and I honestly do not know of anyone from the outside that makes it from entry level now days to partner. There are far too many people in line that have been at microsoft forever what are waiting for those spots. And, the comp model does not promote teamwork. Instead it promotes hundereds of redundant teams, roles, and products all competing against eachother to the finish line. There is little rationalle behind who wins. It is a subjective process that looks objecive on paper but often the paper reviews actually do not match the true work that is delivered. Those who are new to the culture or are from the outside really get taken advantage of by the old timers. They speak two different languages and the old timers expect you to adapt or leave and sometimes adapting to their ways lacks business ethics.  I personally have been asked on more than one occassion to do things like "fudge the numbers, make it up, etc" and when refused to do so diplomatically and carefully was then demoted and given a poor perforamnce reveiw despite winning several awards throughout the year that were an obvious contrast to what was in my review. One of the awards in fact was for Engineering Excellence for what of the best projects of the year awarded by Bill Gates so it was intersting to receive my fourth award that year and then on my review be told that I was in the bottom 10%. Previously to that year under other managers, I was always in the top 10% and on steve's "One to Watch List." Yup, there is a list - I'll bet a lot of you softy's did not know that.  Things like this though happen all the time, you hear it everywhere and things never seem to change. Worse for wear thought is that if you take something like this to HR, they really have not ability to do anything except for an investigation that can make the indivudal emploee look bad, the repercussions cintinue against the employee and HR and the GM's with poor ethics continue on.  In the end, I will leave due to the poor business ethics I have seen here as that is the beginning of the end for microsft when at this size and scale they have lost complete control og the emplyees, sr managers, and HR.
Slow to react to industry trends: Microsoft has been historically about 2-3 years behind where they should be from an innovation perspective. See next point for the reason why. Too many meetings and approvals needed to make decisions: I can't stress this enough. Be prepared to move VERY, VERY slowly to get almost anything accomplished. Too many overlapping functions: There's fat in many of the organizations that could be trimmed. Another reason why it takes so long to make decisions. Engineering dominates most business strategies and decisions: This is how Microsoft was built, and it still exists in the corporate culture today. Not a bad thing, unless you're on the business side and you want to try and do the job you were hired for.
Sometimes, there are situations in which you have to work late. Also, it depends on the team you work in. Another downside would be that you promotions depend solely on your manager's decision. So if your manager doesn't like you, you're pretty much stuck on your job.
Its a slower company and many groups have friction against various new things. Domain knowledge is not well rewarded, generic skills such as data structures, C++, windows system programming etc have much higher reward during recruitment in particular. Pay is not bad but increasing the base salary meaningfully is really difficult unless you gain promotions regularly. So keep up the hard work and learn new things that are valued here.
There can be a lot of red tape. Sometimes you can get the feeling that you're spending more time talking about what is going to be done than actually doing it. This is both good and bad: your plan is always rock solid but because of all the time spent planning you have less time for the work itself.  Depending on the team there can be pressure to "just get the job done" whether or not that means working reasonable hours. In my experience this is cyclical.  There can also be politics to deal with since, after all, this is a big company.  There can be reluctance to embrace non-Microsoft technologies, particularly open source ones. Some of this is valid from a legal perspective (Microsoft is a big target and can get away with a lot less than a smaller company which is off the radar) but regardless of the actual reasons this can make it take longer to get the job done.
This is too big company , if you don't have career plan , it is easy to get lost in this company
Work-life balance can sometimes be challenging. Sometimes hard to plan real life around project schedules.
You have to wait enough years to top out. Salary is about the average of similar jobs. Too much politics
For mid-careers: Career stagnancy hits most at some point, so to advance you may need to leave, high senior, principal and beyond staff tend to have it good compensation-wise, so they don't leave very often, which can limit opportunities for those below them who want to move up. Many teams lack work life balance, but pay enough lip service to it that they won't admit it when you interview, so be careful, it is not unheard of for 60 hour weeks to be a norm, so consider that when negotiating salary, in rare cases, it can be worse than that. A bevy of smart people who may or may not have good social skills + very political culture in some groups = some of the worst, devious, cleverly-backstabbing-with-plausible-deniability politics you've ever seen in your life, as people fight to reach the higher levels and to stay there. Some fairly onerous engineering processes, I've heard Windows developers say they spend 12-15 hours a week coding and 25+ attending meetings, filling out database forms that are part of "process", talking with those who work on other components to ensure that their upcoming code changes won't break another part of the product, asking for permission to fix bugs. If you're technical, you will laugh in disbelief when first exposed to some of our most-used internal tools. If your history is not in Microsoft-created technologies, not all that you bring to the company will be considered useful. If you don't manage to get into a situation where your management gifts you with a couple great reviews, compensation will be merely average or below. Negotiate well when entering, because raises here are at or slightly below inflation, while starting salaries for new hires tend to meet or beat it, after a few years, you may find new people with your skills coming in higher than you currently are.  For college hires: Minimal exposure to technologies not invented at Microsoft. A company that's pretty set in its ways and expects you to conform to it rather than giving you an opportunity to move it forward with new thinking. No match for Google in the cafeteria or free snacks department.  For everyone: Company's reputation is declining. Company's stock price has been stagnant for a decade. Exceedingly poor management in many areas of the company, sometimes to a toxic level, too many middle managers have instituted a lot of bureaucracy, committees, internal initiatives that justify their existence without adding value. The necessity for most to venture into management to grow their careers, the technical IC advancement path doesn't have room for everyone who'd like to pursue it. Sometimes what you are developing isn't particularly unique, it may have even been done, and done better, elsewhere in the company before, but for not-invented-here reasons and concerns about forking development paths, you can't easily share components among teams that are organizationally far apart as easily as you can when working in the open source culture. Entrenched culture at the top makes it difficult for good ideas to be heard and acted upon, leadership tends to play the risk minimization game, and changing the status quo is seen as a risk. So many encumbrances that the company moves slowly - potential legal liability, anti-trust, P/R concerns, worries that product A in division B could cannibalize sales of product X in division Y. Some confusion at the company about the role and technical competence of managers, some teams assume managers are the team's technical experts, when they're not, this can result in poor decisions. Review structure in which one is pitted against one's teammates for the larger portion of two aspects of review compensation, stock awards (the other, the yearly bonus, is not nearly as "curved" as stock awards), review compensation decisions can be very arbitrary at the whim of your manager, and more dependent on nepotism and politics than performance. When going into the company, it's more important to choose a manager you can work well with, than it is to choose the perfect job, for that reason. Also, if you're on a team of strong performers and you are not the strongest, you can be penalized. Related to that, managers have been known to "cook" reviews by assigning critical, high-visibility features to their favorites at the beginning of the year, so that those people are in the best position to get the good reviews at year end. On-site cafeteria food in Redmond is pretty bad overall, with a few notable exceptions, you'll need to drive to work if you want to eat lunch at one of the fast food places a mile or two away. The traffic in the area, the fact that most Microsoft employees who live in Seattle all come over the same several-lane bridge across the lake, along with everyone else who lives in Seattle but works on the Eastside. Salaries in most cases accommodate buying a nearby condo, but often not a nearby home, many people have 30-60 minute commutes each way to have a detached home or townhouse they can afford, real estate prices here are through the roof, though not as badly as in Silicon Valley. For many, due to commutes and excessive work required, not enough free time to use the gym. Because the company has so many smart employees, being smart and making an occasional great contribution is not enough to stand out here, although it is at many other companies. Stock awards vest over 5 years for rank-and-file, leading to significant golden handcuffs, those at the partner level have accelerated vesting schedules. Dental coverage is $1500, and dentists tend to expand procedure costs to fit that limit, so if you need several procedures, it costs you out of pocket.
The average age of people working in Microsoft is 35. This number is growing higher every year. There are many Microsoft couples. This phenomenon brings with itself a certain level of risk averseness. Also, the sheer number of employees attracts a level of bureaucracy that may make it difficult to get things done. Lots of poor/misguided middle management. The same goes for upper management. It is a company that is in adolescence, it's a large , stable ship that has trouble coming to terms with the fact that it has become a typical, large company with all its advantages and standard issues.
layers of middle management can impede progress, senior management entrenched and protecting their position -- not advocating innovation if at all risky, some groups want you to sell your life to the company
Have to deal with a lot of politics where often times the person doing the hard work doesn't get the credit he or she deserves. You're in a massive company, with labrynthine org charts. Sometimes a very cool idea gets shot down by legal. These ideas may not be shot down in other companies but since Microsoft has been burned badly by the antitrust case, they're extra careful.
too much work, too many layers
Heavily matrixed organizational structure which can lead to a lot of bureaucracy and difficulty with making things happen quickly. Low and mid level managers are inexperienced and need development. GM level management has a tendency to spend more time managing up and parallel and not much time managing down.
The talent level is tremendously high making it difficult to stand out from the crowd. Everyone is talented, you really have to be over the top good to be noticed.
True to everything you hear about the arrogance of the employees, they are some of the nastiest people you could ever want to spend a 14+ hour day with. And you will be spending 14 hour days and beyond. Work Life Balance is non-existent if you want to move up because the compensation drives extreme competitiveness of the individual. Face time is also important as it is a popularity contest more than it is about talent or getting real work done. Those that spend the most time on their personal campaigns are those that move up the fastest while the real work is carried on that backs of those with real talent that are usually hidden away in a closet somewhere and if they try to come out or get credit for the work they've done, management and HR have all kinds of interesting excuses as to why that can't happen and it usually falls to words like "Perception, Lack of Communication Abilities, Don't understand the culture' and on and on." These are canned excuses usually used for the population of new people that come in and this becomes recurring feedback to this group for about a five year period until they get tired and leave.  This is a brilliant strategy for the old guard as they never have to change anything and simply collect the rewards from the work of others. With that, promotions are subjective and often given to those who agree to play and protect this process. Given that, there are thousands of people every day spinning and grinding their wheels on the path to nowhere.  Of 4 Fortune five hundred companies I have worked at in my career, I experenced the worst case of poor business ethics, lack of accountability, to some degree criminal behavior and or intent that HR refuses to deal with as instead they are hunting down the "communication and perception" issues launched by countless old guard managers to hold people down. THree times I brought forward to my GM's ehtical issues and their response were the same which were "were I you I would drop this line of conversation and just get along." This spanned from the Quality Department to the Finance Department. HR protected the GM's so ultimately I left the company as I did not want to be engaged in Enron Type practices.  Turnover of new employees is really high and HR does not care. They only focus on Partner Level and above for retention and development - all else is expendable and not really that great of a concern.
Very decentralized, also beaurocratic at times, difficult to get things done. Sometimes, communication is not very clear from the top down -- Not always clear if everyone is working towards the same goals. Politics also seem to get in the way of getting things down at times.
It is a large company (90,000+) so things sometimes move a bit more slowly and when things do shift, it often means there is some sort of "re-org"... and reshuffling of people and resources.
Poor mobility within the company. Management promotion opportunities generally are linked to how long you have been with the company. 18 months minimum that you must stay within a group before you can work on a new project. This can screw you over as one can easily get lured into a failing group. Periodic hiring freezes exacerbate these problems.
Although Work life balance is something the company is working on it's not quite as good as could be. The mileage on this varies from group to group but ours tends to require more time then most.
1. Tools - Internal tools for getting work done just plain suck. 2. Leadership - Week-to-week leadership is vague at best. Decent long-term and "big picture" leadership though. 3. Office space - While MSFT has more office space than most companies, people are often crammed into offices (2, 3, 4, and more is not uncommon).
Super competitive environment, Need a more diverse senior leadership team, sometimes management is so stuck in the Microsoft way of doing things they aren't as agile as they need to be.
organizational bloat stop forward thinking progress.
If you're technical, the only way to advance is to go into management. Lots of outsourcing. Lots of foreigners. Lots of racial and gender diversity (aka: discrimination...aka "special consideration").
Big company, slow moving stock price.
- It's hard to advance to high-level positions
Curve-based review system that does not allow for a team of "stars" to be recognized - and does not kick out a team of "losers". Well-entrenched "old boys club", especially in cash cow organizations like Windows and Office. Many teams cultures encourage "work-life balance" (a-la IBM) instead of working your butt off for great rewards.
bureaucratic / work-life balance / too many type-A personalities trying to run the show. We need more strategic thinkers.
Typical big company disadvantages - You might find it difficult to grow in career after a certain point. Certain point here means 2-3 promotions after entry. Microsoft does not make it easy to promote people. Review system can be very unfiair in how employees are rated and rewarded.
Microsoft is too bureaucratic and political in some groups. Also, unlike the old days, who you know and nepotism plays a large part in how far and how quickly you advance career-wise. There are groups that are more entrepreuneurial and that are more like the Old Microsoft in the 90's, but those groups are few and far between.
It's a megacorp with a fair amount of red tape and reduced agility. At its heart, it's an engineering focused culture that seems to have a hard time connecting with the desires/needs of its consumer customers. Moreover, there's a fair amount of career driven product design and strategy that seems wasteful.
Too big a company, too many workaholics
You could be cog in the wheel of a big company. Hard to make impact initially as the teams are quite big and lot of cross team collaboration is required. There are lot of different functional role and you will be pigeon-holed into one of them - moving to different role is comparatively hard (and risky as well).
Extreme bureaucracy and very hierarchal. Also, the company tend to hire type A personalities and that creates case where one who is the loudest wins out.
walking into a room with 20 people and not knowing what 19 of them do and how it adds value to the company. Lots of redundancy, and places to camp out if you are mediocre or worse
It's a big, safe company. There's a lot of smart people here, but there's also a lot of corporate inertia. There are loser projects and personnel that are carried for years without real accountability.
Boring, since it's a big company with long history, I guess peope will loose motivation to develop themselves when working there. After only 1 year working with them, I already lost my motivation to work. And the traffic in Seattle is horrible, no public transports, you must use your car or you can walk, ah one more choice, you live next to the building.
A lot of hours. Management expect you to work 27-7
Pretty much the same things that make this corporation great, come with their negative load too.  Size THis cmpany has grown (this is my individual opnion) way too big. WHile I am sure this is all justified properly by valid business reasons, the size weights on.  Mature products If you are looking for brand new exciting new projects, they definitely do exist within MS. However, thera are good chances that you may end up in one of the big teams (Windows, Office, etc). While it is very exciting to work on some of the applications you have been using since childhood, maintaining them comes with a price. Words such "legacy code", "backwards compatibility", "cannot change existing behavior, even if it is being wrong" come to mind.
There is a lot of dead wood there
There are so many "top performers" that it's not easy to get ahead. You need to put a lot of effort into gaining visibility because the organization is so large.
Bad development processes. The only people who think we're cutting edge are those who never worked elsewhere or don't write code in their spare time and been exposed to alternatives. It doesn't take tons of developers to deliver great software. Software is one of the rare industries where it's possible to grow through productivity gain rather than headcount expansion.  Microsoft is dominated by conservative people. There are so many innovative ideas around here, and yet very few of them ever make it into a product, and the truly innovative products languish. The priority is to lock in existing customers instead of winning new ones. Hence backward compatibility takes precedence over innovation.  My feeling is that if your group name doesn't have "research" or "labs" in the title, it's probably not worth working for.
1. You need to be smart - think and work smart - to survive and thrive.  2. You have to love the dark and rainy winter in Seattle (or you will kill yourself).  3. If you want to change a job without relocating the whole family, only Microsoft and Amazon are two companies in this area vs many choices in the Silicon Valley.
* Politics. * Only a small percentage of products are market leaders in their verticals. * Business decisions not aligned with market realities. (at least in the short term). * Work life balance is typically not that great. * Lots of competition. ( I once heard this saying: "To work at Microsoft you need to be super smart, or super hard working, but to be successful you need both").
hidden politics and bureaucracy required to push new ideas through is sometimes challenging. It seems that many times some of the key strategic information needed to do perform our jobs well at individual contributor level are held back for only those with direct reports and above. Some teams tend to work in silos too much without partnering with the rest of their team or considering their overall role in group strategy. Much too competetive internally to be beneficial
Difficult to get ahead and be recognized. At higher levels you tend to be recognized more for your ability to manage up and sidewise rather than pure hardwork / technical skills / creativity.
Large corporation so, bureaucracy, public perception
The politics are some of the ugliest I've ever seen. Employees are afraid of their managers.
Bonus is not much. Team player may not be rewarded properly.  If you stuck with the wrong team, lots of politics.  Feeling lost in such a big company sometimes. The company is huge.
The bonus and performance measuring process , I Guess, createa a very competitive environment. There is no concept of team and work and team players. Only big mouthed rude arrogant people make the calls. Normally I am very enthusiastic to go to work and enjoy working, But here is Microsoft, I have to drag myself to work, because I know its going to be a rough work environment.
Leadership do not support taking risk as much as they should in order to really innovate. The web is a new environment that requires a more iterative and risk taking approach. People who have been here are not used to this concept and innovation is hindered. The bureaucracy, or Microsoft Tax, is so high at times, that innovation is considered to be releasing a competitor feature on schedule.
The commutes around Redmond are horrible. There are no trains or light rail options, you must be on the road whether in your car, a bus, a carpool, on a bike or on foot. From near the 520 bridge in Seattle, the commute takes between 30 and 120 minutes. Microsoft's "hero" culture can be tough for new employees to navigate. Shyness will get you nowhere.
Huge corporation, uncertain growth opportunities. Have to use Microsoft home-grown or acquired technology.
The location. To live in a city with nightlife (or _any_ entertainment), you must suffer an hour-long commute each way in heavy traffic.  The speed of the company as a whole. Don't get me wrong - individual product units can be very agile and work cross-team (hundreds of employees), but to really mobilize across entire organizations takes multiple releases. This can sometimes mean that the customer has to wait, which is frustrating for anyone who has come from a small-company background.  The lack of attrition. I don't know anyone who has been fired from Microsoft. I have not met many people who deserve it, but when you do find them, you really question the management of the company.
Senior Management really doesn't care about the employee as an assest that can develop and grow further. It's become a numbers game to them. Too many outsiders came into senior vp levels and starting running the company like any other. It killed the culture.
My main issue recently has the been the rewards system. Basically, rewards are given out based on a stack rank system. A group of even 40 people must fit the curve, and every such group is basically given the exact same pool of money to start with. The result is that, perversely, you really don't want to be a strong team because it's going to be more competitive. There is no accountability for product failure in the market. Every level x SDE in the company is getting paid the same range, no matter what the status of their product. Every dev group (for example), is getting the same pool of rewards. Work expectations in terms of both time and competencies are supposed to be standardized across the firm, but it isn't even close to equal. Recently my group interviewed a bunch of devs from another group whose project was finally cancelled (a rarety!) and none of them could make our hiring bar. I'm starting to shop for the internally weakest group I can so that I can do less work for the same outcome.. it's really quite stupid.
Hyper-competitive, stressful working environment, larger groups are extremely political. If you get a bad manager, you're sunk because HR will support Microsoft managers no matter what. And make no mistake, there are plenty of bad managers, most of whom were promoted into their position because of individual excellence but who have no idea how to motivate or develop people.  Microsoft says it values respectful communication but many managers get away with bullying and intimidation without repercussion, because upper managers don't even know it's happening.  There is a HUGE over-reliance on e-mail and instant messaging, leading to frequent miscommunication and strained relationships.
Stock award is given in five years :)
The company lacks a well-defined direction. Most groups are too large and organizations are too complex that a lot of effort is being wasted. This hurts because the impact of your work ends up being fairly negligible. Too many times, when saving a project from ruin, you might contribute immensely, but it's not a feather in anyone's cap and you won't receive credit for it.
Salary is very low compared to the same level for other companies. Work life balance is a complete disaster. Middle management expects too much out of you. They want you to not only achieve your goals but super exceed in every goal to get a promotion or a good bonus. Some of the middle management people are not even managers. they do not know how to manage or asess people if they are good or bad. They think that if you talk more and stay late then you are great and otherwise not. Particularly MS IT is a bad place to work.
Takes a long time to ship software. The stock doesn't go up as fast as it did before, but stock is still supposed to be a big part of your total pay.
Microsoft is so big, accomplishing simple things can sometimes take way to long and be quite frustrating.
Raises are not the best. While you start off higher than two thirds of comparable jobs the raises that are not accompanied with promotions are less than 4% with most being in the 2 to 3% range. If you miss a single commitment even by a hair that raise could be 0%. You have to be willing to relocate or travel more than 50% of the time to have greater opportunities than most to advance. If you do dig in and go the extra mile you'll most likely be rewarded for it especially if it positively impacts the business unit as a whole but you'll have raised the bar for yourself and your peers - they'll be expected to do as much (or more) and so will you from that point forward. If you worked at a marathon-like pace you'll never be able to sustain that from year to year. You'll burn yourself out trying and ultimately alienate yourself from your peers.
lack of work-life balance. politics. The organization has in some cases lost its fire to compete quickly with competitors.
Microsoft is the wal-mart of technology. Its engineering process is very mediocre which lends itself to buggy and unstable products. What's missing from its process is a key person to help drive the overall vision of each product rather than a bunch of PMs fighting over trivial features. Office 2007 was a big improvement, Vista a huge disappointment. Also considering its size, the company is a behemoth, decision making is very slow and often times people are doing redundant work.
Too much politics, stack ranking of performance reviews means review ratings highly dependent on current team dynamic.
There is a bias towards doing things 'the microsoft way', even when that way may not be the best. New employees who joinn the company with lots of experience are not gven as much opportunity to contribute as they can.
Too much politics and too many bad managers. In my group my feeling is that we could be a lot more productive with less people, there are too may PMs that do not seem to contribute much.
The schedule of meetings with no objective followed by post-mortem meetings with the same objective which resulted in the spawning of even more meetings with a similar agenda.  The review/compensation model needed some tweaking . Don't negotiate level, negotiate salary. It was essentially better to come in under-leveled but at the pay you expected and out-perform expectations of you, resulting in a bigger performance bonus and a potential promotion which would then likely include a raise. Sadly, industry hires that came in appropriately leveled (salary commensurate with skills) would then be calibrated against everyone else at that level regardless of their tenure almost guaranteeing a less than stellar performance based on expectations of everyone at that level. To make matters more confounding, unless you're drawing negative attention you probably won't know you're not fully hitting expectations until review and then it's too late.  Oh, and the parking
The company is now very big. If you're at a junior level, good chance you'll drown in the crowd - else the competition will be intense. Managers have a lot of power over their directs. If your manager likes you - good things happen to you. If not, bad things happen to you.
Severe shortage of rooms in most groups in the Redmond campus. You get room alone based on seniority, and in some groups you need 5-6+ years to get a room on your own.
Large company, slow moving, inter-group communications
The size of the company makes intergroup communication difficult, oftentimes there are multiple teams working on the same project without knowing what other groups are working on. There are also issues between product integration because of the current organizational structure.
It's a very "click" type of environment. Either you are in or out. And the club that you want to be "in" with is management. Your performance will get you promoted slowly. But it seems to me the ones who are "in" move up a lot faster.
Sometimes process and being safe or predictable gets in the way of agility and innovation. It's a huge company and sometimes multiple groups work on overlapping things.
Lack of executive vision and drive for efficient execution. Bloated middle management.
Microsoft senior management is one of the poorest in the industry although there's been more accountability recently with some high level firings. Decision making at the senior level is still poor and has contributed to the lack of innovation. There's simply way too many levels of management in most product teams and this impedes most communication and internal improvements. The most effective teams at Microsoft tend to be smaller groups that work independently of major products and are run by a competent product unit manager willing to isolate the team from the upper echelons. And the compensation and review process, although not as bad as that in most other large companies, is still a frequently criticised and haphazard process. Most promotions tend to be on the basis of politics and need rather than genuine effort.
The weather in the region is pretty gloomy. It is often cloudy. Also, there are not enough women in the workplace.
Too much politics - there is a lot of energy spent in trying to keep folks happy. This happens at the expense of productivity. I can see how a startup company can be 10x more effective than us with small projects - the MS machine is just so darn slow. The review system is not encouraging people to give their 100%.
stress at a regular basis, pressure, competition can lead to some sort of mixed feelings about your peers, One big thing: dentists in the Seattle area will do everything they can to take all the money from the insurance company. At Microsoft, they give you a limit of $1500 per year for dental treatment. However, if you need, for instance, a canal for a tooth, dentists here will charge you...well, guess what? 1500 dollars! That means, for a simple canal, they will eat up all insurance money at your first visit, then if you need to do something else (say a crown for that canal?), you have to unpocket it yourself, and it's a rip off. So, the dentists here are literally thieves! Dental insurance should be unlimited, just like the medical insurance.
Because there are so many type "A" people, its very hard to distinguish yourself. You can work harder than you've ever worked in your life, and there is more than likely someone else who has worked harder, or done more. People eat, sleep, breath Microsoft 24/7. Sometimes it feels a bit cultish.
Talks down to its staff - amazing, MS has (or thinks that it has) an effective recruitment and interview process, which is meant to bring in smart employees, and in my experience does, then having recruited all these "smart" employees the company in any and all official communication with them talks down to them like they are idiots. Grrr.
Upper management (VPs, GMs) are often quite political and turf focused - to the detriment of the customer and the peons below.  I'm not convinced our salaries are on par for the industry.
Extremely likely that the quality of your work will have exactly zero impact on how you are perceived (and rewarded) by management. It's really just a popularity contest, and there aren't any checks and balances on this process. You could be the smartest guy on the planet, delivering the most amazing solutions, generating nothing but love from your customers, but if you didn't happen to work with your practice manager at his previous company, or don't golf with him, etc - you can probably forget about recognition. Seriously, this isn't sour grapes here (I was actually pretty well rewarded), but the VAST majority of smart, hard-working people are ignored at best, and taken advantage of at worst.
expected to be on email 24/7 and implied work on the weekends... good technical contributors don't necessarily make good managers but the way to advance is through managing. the architect program really pays lip service to the advancement of individual contributors
Political environment that's slow to change.
The pay sucks. It comes down to who you know, not what you know. The new job titles are a total joke - we get to see who make what. Now I'm really pissed.
most of the time working on products that're playing catch up with the competition. stock has been pretty much flat for about 8 years now and bonus you get is not great compared to the competitors. microsoft is a big company so, rewards per employee are not compared to other smaller companies
The compensation is low - I can go to an alternate place and get 30% increase overnight.. While part of comp is stock, the stock price stinks just hovers hasn't moved. The company is too Redmond focused. Wish they would open up real development in more places in the country, east coast for me. Redmond is way to rainy for me. Man, I need to see the sun.  In Field they they hire some real clowns too. Don't recongnize experience and again, soft skills are short.
away from the mothership in redmond, won't get rich, limited # of groups to move into, shackled by upper management decisions in redmond, integration is a problem,
Work life balance. The matrix leads to tension between the businesses and the field and prohibits optimal performance through lack of alignment. The culture is extremely aggressive and treating one another with respect is not a priority, additionally the focus on email and lack of face-to-face interaction is difficult for Extroverts. Lack of lay-offs does mean that you are never getting rid of your lowest tier employees so they never leave. We often don't know how to prioritize projects so do many things not well vs. a few things really well. Engineering culture results in lack of respect for support functions particularly marketing and finance, which are very, very leanly staffed.
The Curve: despite all you've heard about that being in the past, it's here and bigger than ever. Which means you have to have a manager who will fight for your promotion and is under pressure to keep employees at the levels hired, unless they've attracted senior level attention. Be bright, ambitious, and knife your way to the top: it's classic. Of course, the downside is you have to work in that environment.   The top 10% of the curve can be rewarded well, even lavishly, but performance won't be enough, you need to sail past your peers, so in a really quality group, you're screwed, somebody has to fill the middle or even the bottom of the curve. Microsoft has always been severely hierarchical - teams are for drones to follow orders.  Having 90,000 employees makes hierarchies seductively attractive for weak bureaucrats, and Microsoft does believe that excellence can be driven by the top 10%, which, if promotion was meritocracy-driven: maybe. But where smooth-talking politicians are easier to promote, the leadership can be hit and miss.  Microsoft, even for the fast-moving superstars, offers no training other than what's gleaned on the job, and given that a majority of top managers have never worked anywhere else and have no other perspective than 'drinking the corporate Kool-Aid', the probability of working for a bozo who is scared stiff and unable to function or promote team members, is, unfortunately, pretty freakin’ high.  Microsoft needs an intellectual enema: we have legions of people standing on their thumbs one minute and then racing 14 hour days trying to make things function. We have an obfuscating layer of untrained managers who squirm and hide when bold decisions or true leadership is required. The hierarchy that semi-functioned when Microsoft was small, no longer works. It causes huge inefficiencies and lost shareholder value as the numbers outstrip the ability of hierarchies to offer enlighten direction. As painful as it would be for Microsoft employees, the company needs a IBM-style crisis to force a new look at what businesses it makes sense to pursue, and how to motivate employees to create really noteworthy software.  Make sure you’re not working for Microsoft when that happens.
It's very political. The people you know gets you promoted, not how hard you work. Suck up as much to your manager, you'll do very well in this company. Beer is good. My manager has a fridge full of it in his office.
- review process is lousy - work very hard just to be average, with no clarity on how to exceed - people are often overly analytical for very little gain - way too much email (100-150 emails per day is average) - inability to move quickly because you have to loop in many groups/people - quality work is not rewarded
The decision process has become so convoluted that getting anything done becomes impossible. There are too many conflicting agendas across groups preventing truly amazing things from happening with the level of knowledge that is employed at Microsoft.
If you are not in Redmond or Beijing, there is very little opportunity to grow beyond an individual contributer role, unless you move out of Research.
Unfortunately, great individual contributors are often promoted into management positions, which often results in unqualified managers who don't know how, or care to help employees develop professionally.
Getting too big, too much competition and duplication of efforts between teams, some not-so-amazing products and accomplishments
The many layers of management and the size of the company can make getting things done difficult and time consuming. When you work for a company that has over 90,000 employees and over a billion customers your impact can be huge which requires great care and therefore you spend more than half of your time planning rather than executing.
Bureaucracy, weak senior management, constant reorganizations
The layer of middle management (dev leads, test leads) is bloated and adds little value. The specialization of roles into Dev, Test, PM limits employees from gaining skills that are transferable, since there typically aren't that specialized roles outside of MS. Microsoft needs to figure out how to utilize the SDE/T (testing) discipline effectively to infuse reliability, stability and perf into products, we need testers who are good enough to be developers on the same product. MS also needs to figure out what it's strategy is in the services space. We also need to find ways to encourage small but good ideas to blossom into compelling products, it seems like products only get created when a General Manager or a VP decides to create something.
I am not too fond of the stack ranking where someone is bound to end up at the bottom of the rank. I think the bonuses and merit increases could be larger. This also depends on which team you are in. Different teams seem to give different amount for bonuses for the same level and same rating.
Too much butt kissing required for promotions. You better be the manager's pal.  Lots of infighting between groups (especially R&D and secretive incubation groups).
The layers of buerocracy and management are the biggest downsides of working at MSFT. It often felt like the job was much like the game show "Survivor," where many of your co-workers were trying to stair step over each other with every project. The culture at MSFT is built to surface the strong type-a personalities to succeed, while the less interested or mellow personalities can be stuck for a long time in unhappy roles. If your goal is to work with a team you can trust to focus on the problem at hand (instead of their own career advancement opportunities), to build truly useful and revolutionary products for people and you ike to have clear ability to affect long term direction - MSFT is most likely NOT the place for you. It is however a good place to learn a tremendous amount and move on from. Just be honest with yourself before you commit.
Still seen as being evil. That's not really fair, because we're not but some people just plain hate us.
The company is not truly invested in growing employees to be what they want. Rather, they want to grow us to be more efficient where we currently are. For example, there is a long dry gulch between the the SDET and SDE roles. Even though some people have made the transition successfully, there is active discouragement by test leadership when attempting to make this transition.  The company is lost trying to make money and has become scared to do anything innovative.  The coolest products are handcuffed to profitability expectations before the idea is even baked, causing the best ideas to never bubble to the top.  Since there is such a high technical bar, incompetence moves into leaderships to survive, which leads to the laziest workers in the middle.  The review process is a joke, can you say bell curve?
There's always so much to do
We have become late 80's IBM. Trying to manage your own career advancement is random and frustrating as hell.
Some managers have bad personalities and they just focus on their personal benefit but not employees and companys. The software development process is too traditional. Some teams try to improve but in the end they still use what they are familiar. The main reason is that there are so many old guys, who control the entire team and their future.
Some managers are promoted simply because they've been occupying a chair for years, not necessarily because they should or want to be promoted. Microsoft needs to do a better job on assessing whether people are better as strong individuals as opposed to weak managers.
Company is so large, the opportunities for advancement are slim. Also, the opportunity for innovation and for personal growth are quite limited. No time is given for side projects, unless company sanctioned, and therefore thinking outside the box is discouraged. Also, there is a two tiered system of employment where contingent staff are treated quite differently than full time employees. Because of the court decree, MS has to do some of the things it does with contingent staff, but I don't like this arrangement because it treats experienced workers as temporary hired help, when they should be treated with dignity and respect. They do a great job, and deserve the same benefits as any other worker.
Your hardworking and good performance may not be fully appreciated and rewarded in the annual review time. Even if you have done an outstanding job among your teammates, be prepared that you may get just an average review result, for which your manager may not have many convincing reasons but pick on something you didn't do well. Sometimes your review result is determined very subjectively.
The company has a poor ethical reputation which is conferred on its employees. Being a large corporation, all decisions come down to pleasing stockholders rather than making employees satisfied. Also, engineering managers are frequently promoted to those positions based on their technical skills rather than their ability to manage people.
The company has become bureacratic and it can be painful to get things done. It's not possible to just "do the right thing" and be rewarded as it once was.
Much has been said about our performance review and stack-ranking system. MSFT is not unlike other for-profit corporation after all. If you are not adept at managing perceptions and managing your manager - stay away.  Mid level folks will find career advancement opportunities limited. There's an entrenched middle management in almost every division and they're not going anywhere soon. As you go higher up, promotions is about who you know and who knows you.  This is a matured company now. The passion from the 90's growth days are long gone.
1: You will work with most in-competent management. 2: You will not be promoted or get a good raise unless you know someone in the group. So basically there is nothing called "fair review". 3: Product group or all other groups always treat you as a second class citizen so basically "no respect". When I using word "no respect" means no respect. 4: After working couple of years in GFS, your resume will not be entertained in other groups within Microsoft as you will be marked as "In-Competent". So you will see people here who spent their entire life i.e. 8-10 years. It does not mean that they love the group or have vital knowledge about the system but it means that they know very well that if they moved out of the group, they will be on the road.
low pay relative to industry, low stock awards, ineffective performance evalution system subject to favoritism, stagnant middle management closes off opportunities for those coming up
If you are not on main campus, you are treated like a pariah. There is definitely a caste system in place within the company, with contractors and what's left of the support organization at the bottom of the pile.
The company has gotten so large - and is growing head count at a break-neck pace - it can be overwhelming at times to feel you will progress very far in terms of management level and visibility. The company still tries to maintain some sense of its entreprenurial startup persona, but the best most can hope for these days after 10-15 years is to be a glorified version of your present position.
It's in Redmond, which is a really lame area in general. Of course, they've made it very easy to commute from Seattle. :)
While I believe Microsoft has been going to great pains to improve their compensation and bonus model, it's still far from perfect. Individual managers wield a huge amount of power when it comes to deciding an employee's review numbers (you are literally relying on your manager to fight for you). If you've been unfortunate enough to get on your manager's bad side, watch out. Adding to this problem is the fact that there's little oversight in the review model. It's frustrating knowing that you risk getting screwed if you're not willing to suck up.
The are a lot of politics. I was sometimes stunned at how some people were able to climb the ladder and others weren't. It's definitely a big game. Compensation and bonuses are there if you play the game well. Prepare for a cutthroat ride if you are a User Experience profession just trying to do the right thing - way too easy to become a "design-machine".
Career advancement and promotions seem to be tied more to who you know, rather than what you do.
Slow moving Excessive politicking in places Good project teams are overly deep
While there are many smart people at Microsoft, many unfortunately choose to concentrate on jockeying for position rather than ensuring that the company is winning. Even worse is that there are some managers who cultivate this and cloak themselves with cronies and yes-men. Also frustrating is the extremely matrixed nature of most groups.
The worst problem we have is our senior leadership. What's the point of working extreme long hours to contribute to the company when they come with preposterous ideas like buying Yahoo!?  As for the benefits, the top 900 people earn loads of stocks that vest immediately (1/3 immediately, then the other thirds in 2 years) while for everyone else the stocks vest after 1 year, then spread in the next 5 years. Last year we've spent 1 billion dollars in stock for the top 900!  There's no transparency on how people's performance are reviewed, the only clear thing is that it is a popularity contest where the management friends are rewarded and everyone else hang on tight because of the benefits. Then if you spend some time without promotion, your chances for promotions diminish dramatically because you're labeled "with low career velocity".  Internally we know that we are just like IBM in the 80s: a company that just got rid of a host of anti trust issues, with a huge hierarchy, ossified processes all over and so very slow to respond to the competition.  That's because the only way to grow professionaly is by becoming a manager. So people that should and people that shouldn't be a manager are fighting hand and fist to become one. Then we have more hierarchy, and the monster feeds itself...
Cringe-worthy products at times, and Microsoft doesn't have a great reputation.
Career Advancement is difficult, especialy if you come in at a low level. Also, if you start in sales and would like to move to a Marketing role (S plan vs C plan)... it is very difficult because of the MASSIVE pay cut you will stustain. In sales... you tend to be at a lower level because of the "S" plan bonus... there is no bridge leveling to go from an S Plan to a C plan... which forces you to stay in sales or go hungry. Also, middle management is very weak... paper pushers. Finaly, Kevin "thank you for all that you do" Turner has turned the focus of sales from the customer to "making your scorecard green"
I spent 25% of my time trying to confirm that one of the other 50,000 employees wasn't working on the exact same project I was. I spent another 25% of my time using PowerPoint to convince execs that I should be allowed to do the job I was hired to do. I had 50% left to do email, meetings and the work I was hired to do - each of these three was a 40 hour work week so it required prioritization and expectation setting to have a life.
large company, deal with red-tape and bureocrasy
Extremely political, even compared to other F500 tech companies I've worked for. I haven't seen a lot of strong teams, just individuals trying to be super-star brown-nosers, but each group is probably different.
I don't think Microsoft is getting the most out of the strong engineering team they have. There are many competing projects, each of which has slightly different characteristics and just confuse the customer.  Marketing and branding are very weak, they are constantly rebranding our online services--MSN, now Live, now Windows Live, etc. The conventional wisdom that Microsoft is good at marketing inferior products is totally wrong at this point--overall, Microsoft does a bad job of messaging and promoting products which are actually pretty good overall (with some exceptions).  There are some bad managers at Microsoft, like in any company. Luckily, it's pretty easy to change teams these days.
Too political place. Everything has to make everybody happy, which makes things not work after all. Usually you get stuck with lousy explanations on why you can't get a raise, a promotion or bonus. Most of the time the managers are "with their hands tied" to get you the rewards.
Microsoft has the same old vision of the software business (one that just maintains previous decisions) and refuses to truly innovate.
1. Well BillG is gone. I'm still waiting to see if the new sucessors at the high mass can be successful and drive the company foward. Google, here we come! 2. Testers and PMs are more often viewed as the dentist in the room full of doctors. Devs need to be more supportive and sympathetic to their testers. 3. In a company of over 65,000 employees, it is very easy to feel unimportant or lost. But as long as you do your best and get promoted in your organization every year then things will be great. 4. There seems to be a bias between certains teams when it comes to salary and promotion. For example, two new college hirers started the same month, at Windows Live and Office teams respectively. Each at the same initial level with the same salary. After 3 years, the one in Office may have a greater salary and employment level than the one in Windows Live. Well you may say, the "successful" one is more capable, but astonishingly it has more to do with opportunity within the group you're hired into. The grass always looks greener from one team to another. The company however is making great strides to nomalize the ranking and promotion criteria by setting certain career level competencies and career model that is in use throughout the company.
As a large company, your ability to impact the stock price signficantly as an individual is non-existent and you must rely on less lucrative reward systems which are and highly competitive. Due to its size and approach, Microsoft does not invest in business opportunities that are small, even if the relative payback ratio could be high, resulting in a diminished entrepeneurial capability. The company has an adolescent management culture, without functioning and proven frameworks for growing its next set of leaders. The competitive review rating system ensures that folks that are great contributors but have reach the highest level of competence are forced out to competitors after a time.
Long hours, lots of office politics, work load isnt balanced across teams. Limited opportunities to change positions internally if you get burned out and aren't doing well in your current position. Management plays games and sometimes you're just going through the motions. You wont get rich at Microsoft anymore, and a 'Rank-and-file' culture is developing. Egos sometimes run high so getting stuff changed can be an issue at times. Extra effort to get things done or help out team mates usually goes unrewarded . They have heavy use of metrics, which is annoying because it encourages people to game the system. They have great health benefits, but mostly because at sometime, you'll probably need to use it due to work related issues, such as people coming in terribly sick to get stuff done.
like any company, you'll find that politics get in the way more than necessary. many mid level and senior managers are often doing whats best for themselves, and not too concerned with whats really best for the company. there is also too much cya - cover your ass, which leads to a slow, and hesitant army of workers.
Stagnant culture - passion and excitement is gone. Tons of bureaucracy and politics. Very hard to get things done in a way that's reflected quickly and decisively in the marketplace. Management seems lost, not a strong sense of "what's next".
It is political and there is a lack of dev talent. This was a publishing company that is now trying to do dev and instead they focus on distractions outside the core competency of developing games.
Microsoft is no longer seen as a "hot" place to work, so the concentration of top flight engineering talent is less dense than it used to be. Senior management has shown confusion with its business strategy over the last decade--having difficulty shipping Vista and always playing catch-up with Google. Innovation is limited. The company is slow-moving, and can take a long time to get anything interesting done. Size can be stifling.
Some of the internal systems seemed a little archaic. Internally, open source software, libraries or tools were viewed as hostile or at least with suspicion. I needed legal approval to use jQuery.  My development computer was slow, even if I had a pair of nice monitors. 1 GB of RAM was terrible!  A few of the employees seemed somewhat uninterested in their work - it was definitely a day job for them.  Benefits like leave are tied to how long one has been an employee.  Setting up an environment was not documented well in my team, and it was common for existing employees to not be able to help with this.
Too many meetings. As I mentioned it's somewhat hard to get the work/life balance right at times.
Large company, moves slowly. Harder to make an impact as an individual, but it is still easier than in most companies of this size. Normal curve definitely applies given the number of employees - this means there's a lot of crap along with the good. Too much politics, lot of redundant work and strategic confusion/incoherance due to size of the company.
Lets talk about business need in terms of your worst enemy now. Lets say you just got off a project. And you specific field of interest is no longer as much in demand in the market. You end up sitting on the bench until a role opens up. But you cost the company a bit of money when you are just sitting around waiting for a role to show up. So after a while you will be approached with other roles which are not exactly what you had signed up for when you joined the company its up to you to accept or decline – but remember – there is no business need for the kind of skills you have to offer. And there is no telling how long you will have to sit around and wait for a role. Oh! And while you are sitting around – that is not going to look good when review time comes around. Does that mean it will effect your chances of getting a promotion? Well that depends on a whole lot of other factors like how much you delivered when you were on a project etc.
Need to be consumed by job to be successful. Software is not the be all and end all for everyone.
Hours, High Expectations on Deliverables. This isn't so bad when you consider the benefits and salary. You just need to learn how to balance.
hard to navigate advancing your career without being really connected to your management chain
Human resources has gradually ruined managements ability to hire the best person for the job. Too many limitiations on formal education vs. experience and ability. Ridiculous hiring questions that have absolutely nothing to do with the job being performed tend to weed out the truly smart and capable, as they have little tolerance for the idiocy imposed. Stack ranking: where a room full of team managers take turns throwing various employees to the lions in exchange for the ability to promote and reward a select few - usually based on the select fews having worked on "projects" i.e., having performed the manager's job. Shift in recent years away from using metrics - allegedly. Case closure, MPI, survey results, days to close - these used to be primary factors in job promotion and performance reviews. They are being gradually replaced with more subjective criteria - easier to throw an employee to the lions, harder to defend a truly dedicated, qualified engineer who hasn't worked on some high visibility management pet project.
Some teams have a terrible work environment, complete lack of work life balance and ridiculous hours.
The managers don't care for what the employees have to say about what's wrong...In the long term, this will destroy the company. Actually, sometimes they even complain with you if you talk to them about what you think is wrong in the company... There isn't a very good Work/Life balance
In field customer-facing roles (such as PFE or Consulting), there can be pressure to fill engagements with a resource, even if they don't have the right skillset. Placing a body with a customer for the sake of filling a slot doesn't help us or the customer.  MSFT claims to value work-life balance, but I rarely see this in practice. My current manager is supportive of my personal goals, but we still have to make concessions for the customer. I suppose this is true in any professional services line of work, but I would like to see a bit more emphasis on doing what is right for the employee and a little less emphasis on bending over backwards for the customer at every turn. The customer is not always right.
Only gigantic businesses matter in the end.
Not really a negative, but I would say that your experience here, much like at other companies, is very much dependent on your group and the people you work with. There of course have been a few stories of interns who work for groups they simply don't like. For the most part, however, the groups are all very enthusiastic and fun to work with.
Having a bad manager (it often happens) can screw your career & growth at Microsoft. There is a clear lobby in Organizations like Office & Windows. I haven't seen such things in Live/MSN. I would love to work for this company if they get rid off leads & managers who are just playing games, checking emails & giving big management lectures w/o having any technical insight. Too much hiearchy comes in a way for company's progress & decision making process. Also, leads & managers tend to have favorites of their own w/o any specific work related reasons, so if you are not one of them then good luck!!! Also, dont expect much once you have joined this company, bonus & stock awards are peanuts compare to what you can get outside. In short, great place to work for, but filled with tons of bad managers
Too big. Small fish in a big pond complex. Sometimes you wonder how much you can climb. Some people may be arrogant, which can be a bit of a turnoff sometimes.  And of course: the stigma of the evil empire.
- Compensation is not comparable to successful start-ups - No support for small projects - Some groups are not as great as others
Middle level candidates (4-6 years experience) usually dont get the compensation and level they deserve. Many times new college hires earn more than experienced candidates. When joining please do your homework and negotiate a proper level and compensation. Once you are in it is almost impossible to reach your expected level. Even though management says promotions are based on contributions and not based on the time served in the company in practice it is actually opposite. Yearly performance reviews are absolute waste of time.  Many of the first level managers (leads) are horrible. They do not have the technical or management experience and experienced ICs have a hard time working for them.  Not so nice weather in seattle area.
Slow career growth. Lower pay comparing to other tech companies. Hugely political review system. Team members are pit against each other at review time. Low merit raise overall.
Microsoft is now a very large company. It has all the problems faced by other large compnaies: too much process, too many stakeholders to make decisions quickly, becoming political at the top, too disconnected from customers. It is a complex matrix that can often get in the way of doing the right thing, and doing it quickly.
The very aggressive schedules make for a very difficult work/life balance. Management makes it a point to express a good balance, but when it comes down to it, deadlines are deadlines, and management will throw caution to the wind to ensure the product hits RTM (Release to Market) on time.
There's high stress working at microsoft..... management are used to grilling workers at meetings until they admit they don't know what they're doing, and kick them back to work twice as hard. There're not many team get-togethers. I'd like some more and that definitely would boosts our morale.
Too big. Too bueracratic. Too slow. Great base pay and the stock grant is nice, but unless you are a very senior management, the days of making your first million after 5 years of service (heck, 10 years of service these days) are long since gone, lots of work for a salary with little upside is not what most techies have in mind.
The size of company has grown to a point where there is too much bureacracy. Decision making are slower than a startup. There are many hoops you have to jump through sometimes to get everyone to buyoff, which means you spend more time on process rather than core engineering.
Microsoft is now a very large company. It has all the problems faced by other large compnaies: too much process, too many stakeholders to make decisions quickly, becoming political at the top, too disconnected from customers. It is a complex matrix that can often get in the way of doing the right thing, and doing it quickly.
Huge company, slow moving, not at the forefront of anything, politics
-Fish in a big pool -Parity in pay vs other companies (not bad, not good) -Lifeless stock -Feeling of stifled innovation -More cohesion between groups and people and less competition
In some groups, you have really bad management. Over time, cronies and yes-men have been promoted to mid to senior managerial positions. The saying that A's hire other A's and B's hire C's and D's can be seen in action in some of these groups. If, as a new hire, you end up in one of these places, life can be miserable.
Decisions that get made are on the conservative side. Orange Badges are treated like second-class citizens. Commute is hideous.
Too big. Too many managers and not enough focus. The whole blue and orange badge thing is pretty weak, too. I worked at Microsoft first as a FTE and then later as a contractor, while the hourly rate was great, it was unfortunate that the positions had a one year expiration date and then they would re-hire you after a three month break- why not just make the person a FTE if you want them to continue to work for you?
Boss's bosses who don't understand the very products their underlings are making.
Team is a bad word. It is VERY individual-focused and very results driven. The benefits that corp employees get (such as free public transportation, deep health club discounts, lunch delivery to your office...) is VASTLY different than the field offices (we have JUST implemented a subsidized public transportation program, and it is only temporary). Your career choices in the field are limited (the field is where we sell), and if you want to move to something different, you have to move to Redmond.
It is a large matrix organization without clear accountability.
To many processes, islands of data, lack of integration of internal systems.
The downside is the stock has gone nowhere in 10 years and there is little to no upside. Politics and management reviews can be taxing and fustrating. They also lead to a bloated, slow execution cycle that can be terribly fustrating.
If you're in the satellite development centers (like Silicon Valley) the opportunities for moving to a different business unit are limited. If I were in Redmond (or willing to move there) there are a dozen jobs that I'd love to take, but not in the bay area. That's not particularly Microsoft's fault. They have to be based somewhere, but it's the reason I ultimately left. The job I was in wasn't going anywhere and there weren't (at the time...2006) any other interesting opportunities, so I left. I think the MS presence in the valley is growing, so maybe things are different now. I'd go back.
Old boys club...if you're not in...you're screwed at review time...even with patent credits
Growing bureaucracy and focus on legal/operations management vs product development, management inexperience in dealing with resource allocation in the presence of scarcity/slow growth, excessive fragmentation of responsibility and lack of end to end product/business ownership
A lot of red tapes to get job done. There are many layers of management in Microsoft. The company does not move fast comparing to other leading tech companies. We lost many good engineers to Google.
Can be insular and difficult for those that come in as experienced hires to figure out how to advance and how things get done. Career opportunities are abundant, but it varies greatly from group to group, and while management has been improved it has a ways to go. The bureaucracy has grown into a behemoth and the legal compliance requirements have had a significant impact on development velocity.
You have to battle bad reputation, explain some of the legal woes.
In general, the company is suffering from a lack of strong senior leadership and vision. Established divisisions such as Office tend to be highly conservative and bureaucratic while divisions such as Online Services tend to be basket cases of shifting directions and priorities. Cross-divisional politics and a Microsoft tendency towards designing complex and grandiose systems tends to sabotage many promising cross-company initiatives.
MSFT tries to do so many things. Even though the power of software seems endless, the company itself needs to find its true identity. Are we a consumer company like Apple, maybe a gaming company like Nintendo, or perhaps we’re an enterprise business company like SAP or Oracle. What about an internet company like Google. We need to take an insightful evaluation of our strengths and focus on them. No company can do all things great. This ultimately leads to dilution of our brand.
Depending on your group, you may not have a work life balance. Some groups work like they are still start ups. Funnyly enough these groups are the oldest in the company.
1. Process usually feels anti-agile. 2. Project management heavy and slow to respond to competition/opportunity. 3. Discipline-based silos make it difficult to collaborate as a team. 4. If you're not a "partner," you're a peon. Real classism. 5. Review process emphasizes competition with peers over team collaboration.
Bureaucracy. Stock not moving up.
Too much process no enough action
Long hours that we work
It's quite difficult to get in, even if you know the requirements for the job. It helps a lot to know somebody inside! My friend was a babysitter for this manager at Microsoft and now she is his personal assistant (no experience, no knowledge whatsoever).
Its a huge company and despite its constant financial success its stock price is stagnant. Its not for the get-rich-quick crowd.  It can be a bit demoralizing to not be able to read the tech news without finding some article demonizing Microsoft for one thing or another. Microsoft is making huge strides in improving its reputation, but it still has a long way to go. You need to develop a thick skin for dealing with outspoken anti-Microsoft zealots.
Projects would not move fast.
Size - hard to get a handle on what is going on through out the company
We don't always think before we act. You see this in moves that are made public and then retracted because somebody didn't realize that their actions were visible. The internet has created unbelievable transparancy, and we need to do a better job of thinking through all of our industry moves.
long hours, work life balance is hard to maintain, Microsoft lacks focus, politics can be brutal, particularly at corporate hq in Redmond, quality of many recent products has slipped, Microsoft still often viewed as "evil empire" (sometimes justified)
Beurocratic working environment. Growing too fast and getting extremely broated.
Very competitive work enviroment and as in any big company one needs to fight to get recognized.
Too big. Resources not always used efficiently. Not enough information sharing between different groups. You're a small voice.
The commute can be difficult if you work in Redmond.
As with any large organization, and particularly one like Microsoft where power accrues to individual business groups, politics can at times play an outsized role in cross-group collaboration. There can also a fair amount of bureaucracy when trying to effect change in projects with numerous stakeholders. Time spent in meetings can also get out of hand, so an ability to manage one's time around this reality is critical.
24*7 was my work schedule. While I enjoyed it, it did take a toll on my health and personal situation. So work life balance can be a tall order at Microsoft. Cut-throat culture in some groups makes collaboration hard. In some groups, there is subtle discrimination against women. Overall, the company does an average job in promoting and nurturing women leaders.
Reviews can be bureacratic. Very hierarchical levels. There is some lack of direction in terms of technical strategy. Groups are pretty independent and hence, at times, often compete with each other. Some people can loose track with too much job security.
• Like many high tech areas, the high cost of living surounding the company can be a drag. There seem to be a large number of retired “Microsofties” in the area. With their cashed out options from the 80s and 90s, the home prices went through the roof. Due to the geography (Lake Washington, Lake Sammamish, hills and mountains), there are fewer places to build homes. As a result, the demand versus the supply is very large. Home prices have stayed relatively high even through this past year’s market downturn. Generally, if you don’t have two full time incomes in your household, you won’t be able to afford a reasonable or nice home, you’ll have to settle for a condo.  • Microsoft is always short on employees. This means your will most likely be short of developers and test engineers on your team forcing you to work a little more, and cut or postpone features. Psychologically, this can be a demoralizing, especially when you are excited about and believe in your project. Employees move around often, you can never be sure if you’ll have the workforce the team needs to deliver features for the next version of your product.  • Microsoft generally follows the market and will hold off on creating a product until it’s clear there is a large demand and a clear business justification. As a result, we appear like a company of “Jonny come latelys”. Remember Microsoft Terra Server from the late 90’s? Too bad it took Google Earth for Microsoft to realize what a great product this could become.  • Even though this is the most ethical, moral and giving company I’ve worked for, Microsoft has the “Evil Empire” stigma. It gets old being approached and castigated by uninformed “lesser minds” that buy into the FUD.  • Microsoft creates software for business and industry first, and the consumer second. This is a wonderful business model but at times if feels like you’re creating software for others, and not the software that you’d like to use yourself. There is always another company that needs you to tweak your product so that their 15 year old non-RFC compliant application will work with it. YAWN!  • You must have true business justification for ideas and plans you’d like to implement. When you work on your own software in college, you create what you like. But in the industry, you can’t do things that seem “cool” to you. One simply doesn’t say “hey, let’s put a popup stopper in IE!” You’d have to show how it would benefit the bottom line for the company, or wait for another product to implement it and push MS for parity.  • Although we have the best R&D, I rarely see management with the forsight to put amazing ideas into our products. Sometimes it reminds me of Xerox in the 70s - Amazing breakthroughs, but the powers that be don’t understand them. 75% of the “innovations” I see at Apple and Google were revealed years before at Microsoft Research fairs.  • They still haven’t supplied the company with free Zunes! :-) (Apple employees all received free iPhones!)  • Few female engineers. I’m told they were a species hunted to extinction around these parts.
Having to negotiate some of the intracacies of the Microsoft aquisition.
Poor internal tools and a culture of working many hours. I believe that this short sequence of words sums things up very well and that I really don't need to say anything further. Some, like the creators of this site, might disagree, but I think that my statement fully addresses the question.
Our 30+ year corporate culture is too focused on platforms instead of solutions. Its extremelly sad/fustrating to see competitors come out with products that customers love, when we had done this work internally but couldn't figure out how to turn it into a platform.
Steve Balmer has often said, "We are many Microsofts." This is true and it both a strength and weakness. The biggest outcome though is we have an incredibly complex business, both in terms of explaining what we do and mobilizing our own employees to understand what we are doing (or realizing when we don't really know.)
Your just a face in the crowd. Also, being Microsoft, you are loved by people in the industry or hated by people in the industry. Microsoft is a power house in the software world, of course by getting there you have a tendecy of making a few enemies.
Creeping in of Bureaucracy. With the arrival of the Walmart / GE execs they are bringing more scorecards and process (six sigma) which theaten the execution focus at Microsoft. This is good to some extent but there are instances where some managers go overboard and before long you are forgetting that you are trying to get a job done vs. complete a process and fill out a scorecard. There are also the development methodologies dujour -- but I suppose that exists everywhere. It is also hard to get things done if you don't know people. There is a resistance to change at Microsoft so if you introduce new ideas or way of doing something it can take much longer than you woudl like to move forward.
This is also a positive, but one downside is that it is so large it is possible to feel lost.
Okay, Microsoft is a large company and any large company will have some problems. There is always someone you didn't get treated correctly or someone that abused the system. There are sometimes meetings that are a real waste and tons of lost oppertunities.
It's a big company. Politics and beauracracy is similar to other large companies.
I've had the chance to work with two different groups at Microsoft and comparing the two is like comparing two different companies. One was like working at IBM, the other was like working for a web startup. Before picking a position at Microsoft MAKE SURE YOU GET TO MEET THE TEAM, as not doing your homework can show you the bad side of a company that is struggling to find itself again.  In that vein, a lot of people internally are dissatisfied with the direction the company is going compared to other companies such as Apple and Google.
Very high expectations/goals are a given.
No longer an opportunity to get rich quick. As with every large company, the stock price doesn't move very quickly up or down.
If things have to get done, then they have to get done. If that means 20 hrs a day, then that's what it means. Also, some Microsoft employees are overly proud of working at Microsoft.
The work is too much fun
The only thing that I can think of is the flat stock.
Seattle traffic and cost of living.
Huge organization and can get lost if not careful.
Too big a company, relatively flat stock price, apparent lack of strategy in the consumer space.
Can be demanding at times and you have to manage your work/life. So much to do around here
1) Poor work life balance atleast in some new groups 2) Too much distraction due to negative publicity in media.
If you have a bad manager or are in the wrong group, it's next to impossible to level. When you tell someone you work for Microsoft, you get to hear their litany of complaints about any Microsoft product that they've ever owned and that didn't shine their shoes for them.
It is now a very large organization that requires extensive collaboration skills to engage and accomplish your goals. There is a lot of institutional momentum, so new ideas must be vigorously championed to have a chance. There is a Redmond centricity that is not consistant with today's trend towards distrubuted development.
If you have a bad manager or are in the wrong group, it's next to impossible to level. When you tell someone you work for Microsoft, you get to hear their litany of complaints about any Microsoft product that they've ever owned and that didn't shine their shoes for them.
It is now a very large organization that requires extensive collaboration skills to engage and accomplish your goals. There is a lot of institutional momentum, so new ideas must be vigorously championed to have a chance. There is a Redmond centricity that is not consistant with today's trend towards distrubuted development.
Big, bureaucratic, slow and not very creative.
* We created Vista. * Microsoft is not sexy. Whe we try to be sexy, it usually comes out retarded. We create as-high or higher quality products, overall, as other companies, but we are too business oriented and not enough consumer oriented. * Our greatest advantage is also our disadvantage - the amount of legacy we have may give us an edge in some markets, but it also bogs us down when it comes to innovating. * We give in to various organizations where we should be more keyed towards being pro-consumer. This has to do with DRM and other things which we spend way too much money and time on. * We are slow to react when our company is in the lead. This costs us time and time again.
too much pressure and work
The politics are downright awful. Too many fiefdoms and little tyrants. Everyone needs to play politics which takes away from productivity. Sadly, back stabbings are common.  The company needs to also improve the work/life balance. More telecommuting would help.
not enough pay but overall its a great company
If you work on campus in Redmond, the commute can be very nasty if you are living in Seattle or further south (like Renton/Tacoma).
If you are a vendor or a contingent staff, you're not treated very well. I also don't particularly like the cafeteria program. I feel they are too expensive and sub-standard quality food.
Long hours (but that is only a downside if you are a non-workaholic.
It is huge, and there are multiple groups working on roughly the same thing at any given time, competing from their own perspective. The inefficiency is disheartening although it usually works itself out in an OK way given enough time.  In any huge company there are some poor managers and you hear some horror stories, although it seems like after the Vista release, many of the more senior ones were encouraged to leave.
Microsoft at Work was a short-lived effort promoted by Microsoft to tie together common business machinery, like fax machines and photocopiers, with a common communications protocol allowing control and status information to be shared with computers running Microsoft Windows. Similar efforts for other markets included Microsoft at Home and Cablesoft. By any measure these efforts were a dismal failure, it appears only a small number of devices using Microsoft at Work were ever released before disappearing without a trace. Microsoft has since re-used the "at Work" term for a section of their web site describing various tips and tricks for using Windows in a business environment.
Teams' overall structure changes, some teams you can go higher no time, some teams you are stuck.
It's a really, really, really huge company.
Too busy and long work schedule
It is a large company so new projects will only impact the stock value if they are multi-billion dollar projects. Selling U$100 million dollars on your first year is great, but not enough at Microsoft. That leads to diminished innovation. The stock sucks, for instance, SQL grows 20% year over year and the the team sees what? Flat stock - let's talk about demotivation. Employees receive a barrage of negative media. The vast majority of Microsoft employees are ethical, hard working, care deeply about customers and are self-critical to a fault. What do they get in return? Almost unanymous negative feedback about monopolistic behavior and absolute focus on negative reviews. Legacy support. Microsoft chose to create an ecosystem and a lot of people got rich in the process. The downside? Try to change something in Windows and see what breaks. Then see who the public blames for it. Microsoft has too many mid-management layers. The message from the top gets distorted and morphed to accomodate the mid-management agenda. And feedback from the bottom gets muffled and morphed to support that very same agenda. It is somewhat unfortunate the the middle layer is more concerned about keep things moving than to innovate. I also see no vision coming out that middle management layer. It is harder to collaborate with certain internal groups (e.g. Office, Live Search) than with competitors.
Compensation for entry level engineer is not very good. People are losing the passion now. It is a big company that is not an innovation company now. The antitrust really hurts the moral of the company and comparing with its main competitor in the internet. Its response speed is slow. This makes it has slow response on the market. Too many PM tries to make things mess because they need to show their visibility.
My guess is the downsides are similar to working at many other large corporate companies. Slow process, very slow climb up the career ladder generally speaking. Pay also grows in a generally slow and steady manner, don't expect sudden jumps in pay and level as is possible in smaller environments. Bureacracy and process abounds, as well as politics, as close as even 1 or 2 levels away from entry-level. Generally speaking, Microsoft isn't the best place to be if you want to be a superstar, or quickly advance in your career, or just plain have a lot of energy. Not if you want to get well-rewarded at any rate.
Work life balance is none existent. You are responsible for managing your own career just as long as it suits everyone around you.
MS has gotten too big compared to 10 years ago. There's not enough small teams working efficiently and quickly. Instead, the business teams tend to run everything without talking to the engineering groups to manage what -can- be done, and how long it will take to do it. Basically, there's just too many non-geeks running things.
MS has gotten too big compared to 10 years ago. There's not enough small teams working efficiently and quickly. Instead, the business teams tend to run everything without talking to the engineering groups to manage what -can- be done, and how long it will take to do it. Basically, there's just too many non-geeks running things.
very large organization, hard to steer in any particular direction competitive culture leads to local optimizations ignoring or hurting global opportunities
Highly political, full of incompetent low and middle managers. Some team are better some are worse
A ton of politics as with any large company. The number of people and layers of management doing collectively tasks that small agile teams could get done in a fraction of the time really put a drag on momentum. Being a global company with broad user base means you can't specialize or cater to just one audience. The numbers of checks and balances mean it takes *forever* to release something.
There is a lot of bureaucracy. The alignment among groups is also not great. The groups do not work well together as there are few shared commitments and goals.
#1 Decisions are arbitrary. Nothing is merit based any more.  #2 There is a new random initiative every 6 months. None of them stick because they are usually based in fantasy. For example, if SCRUM is cool this year, there will be an initiative to use SCRUM, regardless of how absurd it is for a particular problem. Even worse, and the part that tweaks me, is that only a few random aspects of SCRUM will be adopted, nothing of substance of course. Put a big check in my review, " Drove the broad adoption of more agile product mangement methodoligies".  #3 Managers and their politics matter a lot more than customers or products. I'm old enough and broken enough to just tell them what they want to hear, but even that is difficult. They often have secret little agendas, so it's hard to ficure out even what they want to hear. And of course, it's not logical, so you can't infer it.
Politics run deep and in my division, there is little communication from Senior management.
Very demanding enviroment. You work hard and are paid well. The expectations are very high.
Big Company - One Three Two.
Work/Life Balance are grey and you can get sucked into the internal competition, stack ranking, etc. Every person in corporate with a product line, sales responsibility, etc. has a metric to monitor the business. There is a complex metric and you have to be focused on every metric... I personally believe this stifles customer relations.
With it being so large, sometimes recognition can be downplayed - although there are many programs in place to help gain recognitions for acheivements.
A lot of people don't like the company because they think of it as an evil monopoly and that can result in some painful conversations. I do wish the top management would make a few less really dumb decisions.
You can gain quite a bit of weight from the free drinks, affordable lunches, and frequent summer morale get togethers so while all of the above is good, you need to take advantage of your ProClub pass.  The only other downside, I can think of, and I am really struggling, is that you can easily get so comfortable at Microsoft that you never ever leave. I have felt like this and spoken with others who have to force themselves to see other career options/moves. It's hard to give up Microsoft's benefits and stable work environment but having a diverse resume is also very important.
Hard to get anything interesting done at a company this size. More energy goes into covering-your-butt and navigating the tangled web of interdependencies than into innovation.
Very demanding enviroment. You work hard and are paid well. The expectations are very high.
Waaay too much process. Fiefdoms. Incompetent middle management. Many, many times when I took customer feedback to the PG's, they scoffed at the mere mention of listening to the customer. Look at the difference between Windows Mobile and the Crackberry...same end result but the WM phone is generally a pig...slow and always locking up. If WM7 is just more of the same then it's dead technology.
Big, slowing down and not as efficient as it once used to be. Also Microsoft can't have being first to market as its #1 goal. Instead quality must be #1 since the cost of a mistake especially with security of its products impacts more people than any other software company on the planet. Customers just demand and expect more from Microsoft than any other software company.
Neutral salaries and benefits are okay.
Bigger companies come with their share of red tape.
The review and promotion system is pretty obviously designed to pit employees against each other. Like grading on a curve, which makes no sense if you want to hire a bunch of really smart people and keep them all motivated and happy. Management is fumbling and confused, and seemingly care more about making one or two feel-good changes they can put their name on and leverage into a better position elsewhere than actually improving products or the business. Oftentimes lip service is paid to "Engineering Excellence", and then scrapped immediately when Bizdev remembers something they should have told you months earlier. Good work goes unnoticed unless it's on some shiny, highly visible area, which is fine, except that it creates an environment where the basics aren't attended to because they're a career dead end and nobody wants to take that hit. Finally, hiring standards have lowered drastically in the past several years, so there are a lot of people who really shouldn't be working there but are now impossible to get rid of. At least they help pad out the lower end of the review scale.
Very insular. Difficulty in communication with management, and occasionally co-workers. Also, lot of dead weight (or so it seemed) with people slacking off. Microsoft is not what it used to be, although there are still some smart people around.
The people here are very driven and a little socially dysfunctional
- Its is difficult to advance if you dont fit into one of the predefined skill sets/categories. Multifacet-ness doesnt may too much
long hours, don't always get recognition as the teams are large.
Limited career growth in remote sites (like at the Silicon Valley / Mountain View location). Slow to adapt to market changes. "Shrink-wrapped software" development approach not apprioriate for Web2.0 cloud-based products.
Too big a machine and too many suits running too many shows. Having so many initiatives going on at any given time would certainly imply there are a lot of wasted effort that goes nowhere. Despite of the corporate resources, it is questionable the huge investment in research is really the way to invest in the future. The true startup model is a lot more competitivie.
Too many sub-companies, communication between management and employees needs improvement.
Vista shipped. Seriously. I wonder how many members of the Vista team actually run OS X at home?  Limited upside of equity, lack of a coherent strategy for the future. The whole Yahoo! debacle brings the latter point into sharp relief. I mean, come on, the consumer-facing Net stuff has largely been a failure and the response to that is to attempt to buy, at great expense, another failure.
Huge company. Sometimes you are the cog in the wheel. Too much change for change sake. No stock performance. Some senior leaders need to retire/move on. Spend too much time on review, both Mid-year and Annual.
Stock is no longer a huge incentive. Although there have been attempts to make incentives and promotions transparent there is still a lot of favortism that goes on. People that work the hardest aren't always or even usually the ones that the get the biggest rewards.
Size of the company, the anti-trust laws/rulings/settlements, and management makes coordination sometimes difficult. Can be frustrating to have projects with similar goals running that are similar but not working together. Or worse to have projects that pushing in different directions. It can sometimes feel like a few smaller compaines under one masthead rather than one unified whole.  The negative perception of the company externally can at times be annoying. The myths and misconceptions regarding Microsoft are many and varied and it can take a little getting used (especially to resist the urge to correct them - which is often futile).
- Abismal stock performance - Most managers have no idea how to manage - Reviews and promotions are very unfair - In many teams fight for visibility stops people from doing real useful work - As a developer you rarely talk to a customer - What do PMs do, again?
Although there are a lot of smart people at Microsoft, there are also a lot of incompetent people and a whole bunch of coasters (i.e. people who do barely enough to not get fired).  The company is schizophrenic and the people at the top need to figure out what company Microsoft is these days, and let the rest of us know. I think there are many different spaces that we have no right being in, especially considering that some of the mature parts of the company could use some house cleaning.  There are definitely old boys clubs -- so to speak -- in parts of the company, and having the right friends can get you promoted faster. The performance review system needs an overhaul: the current system biases people too heavily towards working for a promotion rather than working to build great software.  Perhaps my biggest complaint is baring the weight of the company's external image. The worst are the irrational perceptions held by your peers in the industry, these are people who are suppose to be scientists and engineers, but religious assertions prevail once you get them talking about Microsoft. The company's poor image stems from both internal and external factors, and the people internally who act in the Microsoft image need to be taught differently or pushed out.
Very large company and trying to do it all. Sometimes we get lost and forget we need to do things WELL rather than do everything. Sales is spread way to thin and this should be recongnized as our bread and butter. Sales has the majority of touch with people who buy our licenses so the partner led model can be challenging for a true salesperson.
Bad senior management. Otherwise I agree with the sentiments expressed by a fellow employee. "If you're a technologist and can't get hired directly into a research group - you really don't want to work for Microsoft today. Microsoft has suffered horribly since Ballmer took over. He's a marketer. He was always the guy who'd come stomping down the hallway going "I WANT WHAT I WANT". We'd explain that the products couldn't actually do that and the reaction would be along the lines of "AND WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING?" If it was important, we'd take the technical facts to Bill, and Bill would intervene and shut him down. It was a decent balance of power. Ballmer's drive to do the impossible would get Bill to do things he wasn't inclined to do, but only if they were POSSIBLE. Yes, there was a time when I loved Microsoft and worked with great enthusiasm in that niche of the "not technically impossible". I did a lot of risky things knowing that I could always count on Bill to rein things in when I could prove they weren't technically possible, or so difficult they simply weren't practical.  But Bill is gone now. Since taking over, Ballmer has promoted other similarly-minded marketers around him, so now he's completely cocooned in layers of marketing fluff with absolutely no basis in reality. He doesn't know the difference between an actual product and a picture of a product. And just to improve the whole customer-focus and employee-focus thing - he's imported old IBM (Kevin Johson) and legacy Wal-Mart (Kevin Turner). "
The culture is BROKEN. This place will suck the soul out of you. I think all of Microsoft's challenges essentially are a result of a company not growing up. It is inbred, the senior management layer is peopled with individuals who 1. likely started their career at MS in 198X or 199X, and 2. haven't seen what's going on in the rest of the world. They all have the same orthodoxies and it's killing them. A huge piece of not growing up is holding on to the management philosophy that essentially pits people against each other to survive and be promoted. Microsoft never gets 1+1=3 because there's really no such thing as a team there.
You get pigeon holed into a position. Once you do something you always need to do that. If you come in senior from the outside, it is very hard to break through the old-guard msft folks. If you haven't done it here, you haven't done it.
The software diversity of Microsoft is a boon as well a curse, depending on how it influences you. With the 1000+ teams comes a 100 different cultures and working styles. Some are more process-oriented due to the sheer magnitude of the project, some are like College environments - get it done by the deadline, doesn't matter how you do it. There's no way a company of this size can have something called a "working culture". As a newcomer, you might not like the culture of the team you join. However, on the upside, you have 100 different working cultures to choose from too! Oh, and yeah, there's no free lunch! Yet.
Microsoft is big and fat. Very siloed with small teams and too much managment. Insuffucient investment in managers that really know how to manage.
the low corporate mobility and not knowing what should be my expectations
the low corporate mobility and not knowing what should be my expectations
For me, the biggest problem was the commute. After 10 years or so, it really took it's toll. I like living in Seattle, so whether I drove or took the bus, I could count on a long commute. Sometimes as much as an hour on the way home. My decision to leave was largely based on finding a job with a better commute. I was able to find some great opportunites in Seattle that allowed me to recover an hour each day that I would have previously spent commuting. If you live on the Eastside, Microsoft is a better proposition as the commute is much less.
Long hours, and my commute time.
Job Description says you will be doing what the FTE that you are working under will be doing while you do all their administrative work such as answering e-mails, drafting reports in excel, powerpoint, etc. As a contractor you get the last generation of PC Hardware to work with all the current or new stuff goes to FTE. You are treated as second class and excluded from team meetings and other morale events.  Sharing an Office you get less space and are confined to a corner while FTE gets tons of space, which is fair I guess since they are FTE. There's no encouragement to pursue projects or initiatives to improve processes even if you propose solutions they are shot down until they are eventually made by a senior PM or other lead and they are given credit.
Long hours, hard to quantify contributions in many roles, and difficult to ensure work gets credit from management.
long hours, lack of personal interaction
Lack of coherent corporate vision and constant re-organization churn. The company likes to style itself as being data and metric driven and yet executives can and do override data and analytical work withou supporting data. While Microsoft talks a good game on diversity, in reality they do very little to attract and retain under-represented minorities. Don't bother trying to find an out and open gay man in a senior leadership position at this company. Microsoft has a diversity organization that is weak and ineffective with little opportunity to effect real change. Facilities are cramped with many employees sharing office space. The vast majority of groups have offices in and around Redmond and commuting to and from these sites is annoying and costly.
number of hours you have to work
With the expansion, more and more bureaucratic and politics, less and less innovation. Now there are plenty of people working on internal development and release process, rules and guidelines, way too many of them are invented. There are redundencies, waste of resources, both by developing them and time spent to learn and adjust to thm. Every couple of years, it is definitely there is new internal tools and processes replacing old ones with no good reason. Now it is evident that to advance your career you need to go with managerial track, where senior technical people now spend time do adminitrative work. Also people good at political game get promoted fast. People can argue this is inevitable to a big company, but no one can argue this is a good thing to a techincal company.
The salary, while competitive isn't as high in some cases as in other companies. You have to wait a long time to receive benefits such as stock options and other rewards. The company invests in you, but you have to wait and invest your time and career to actually see the reward. Bonuses are usually quite low, and stock awards take years to divest, so you only see part of the money immediately. For other awards, you'll have to wait for several years, before being able to use it. The last thing is tenure, seems like that's important and is able to get you promoted faster than newbies.
We are always the "bad guys" to many in the world. This is and is not deserved. Regardless, it means that we always have to try twice as hard to get half as much credit. It also means that we have a very large bullseye painted on us, both in terms of hackers and legislators.
- Disparity between teams that make money (Office/Windows) and teams that hemorage money (MSN/Zune/etc)...seems like you get rewarded more and promoted more on teams that lose money. Costs are cut in some areas (i.e. I can't get an extra monitor) while other teams don't have that restriction (seriously, first class travel tickets...top of the line hotels...sending people to conventions that have no bearing on their job...but are in Miami or Vegas)  - Too much process for some items causes things to take much longer than necessary. Backwards compatibility...while absolutely necessary...prevents us from reacting to change quick enough.  - Upper level management seems to have no real set direction
1. Far too big and getting simple decision approved takes far too much time 2. Great emphasis on political correctness can take the fun out 3. Stock awards are not attractive anymore 4. Pay increases for annual reviews are pretty minimal - sometimes do not even match the rate of inflation. 5. Got to deal with politics. If you are the kind that just wants to get things done - you are going to have to have to deal with negotiations, persuasions, dotting your is and crossing your ts. 6. Work life balance is a problem on many teams. Especially around releases.
- Does not have much growth opportunity for stock value given current poor suite of products (Vista, - Office 2007, Windows Live...etc). - There is quite a bit of politics in some groups and that leads to low morale as some employees feel - Online products are not getting any traction due to poor quality. - Encountering some employees who are incompetent and indifferent. - Promotion could be tough. Also sometimes people get promoted not because they care about products and customers, but because they know how to build relationships with manager, which is bad for the company itself. - Not exciting place to work, low morale.
It's a large company, there is no getting away from that. You need to be comfortable with that, and refocus on the group around you. As noted above, there are many different groups, each with their own culture, meaning that some groups suck. You also need to learn how to be effective, which means that you need to take care of not just *what* you do, but also how that work is perceived to be valueable to the group as a whole. You can't just do whatever you want and expect that you'll be rewarded. This can lead to perverse situations where people who are good at managing up do better than those who are not, regardless of their skill (I've seen this at companies of 20 people too, so don't expect any different here). Things can move slowly. Microsoft has been many requirements on software development that smaller companies don't (legal, privacy, security, compatibility, etc), which can make it difficult to buid even the simplest feature. You need to learn a certain amount of patience and zen when working here. Microsoft's brand is not well respected in a number of spaces (primarily consumer). This can be soul-sucking: you work hard on something, and it's not received as well as a similar offering from Google or Apple.
Cons: Hide what it is really like to interns (which makes sense, but still...). Horror stories are heard about teams who treat their interns badly, or give them projects that are basically useless. Also pressure you about taking an offer at the end of the internship (which you want to be paid 10,000 dollars less is not a very good idea). Also is prevalent that they have an email discussion list that was made to distract interns from doing work. Kind've backstabbity in my opinion. Not very impressed with the idea. If they would fix a lot of these issues, it would be much better.
no ownership or vision, lack of motivation, compensation and benefits are less compared to other companies
brutal culture that sometimes rewards the wrong behaviour. seems to reward those that manage UP. there is also a perception that management skills arent as well respected as individual contributions, even at the cost of being a crappy manager. this can develop a mistrust of managers who seem to be looking to advance themselves and not help the team.
The company has become very big , so some of the process are still old and very generic and hence not very applicable across all groups.
24 hour a day work. Global teams means someone's always emailing you with needs.
Where you are hired in at, is where you will stay. Microsoft only promotes after years of "Microsoft" experience. If you are an experienced individual... make sure you negotiate your desired level before you join! No matter how hard you may work and excel, you will be trapped unless you can convince a senior level manager to skip promote you—you will be stuck close to where you were hired in. Check with other Microsoft personnel as to where you are in the overall scheme of things before you sign on the dotted line.
people seemed utterly unethical there to me. i've never worked with so many liars before. the air just reeked of insincerity. there also didn't seem to be much vision there, people were so heads down about drilling into their problem domains that they gave short shrift to larger issues. i personally filed a bug that ms exchange needed protection against e-mailed viruses, only to have the issue blown off by management. that was a poor choice, MS.
Large, beaurocratic machine. Many passive aggressive people who are likely to not tell you if the work you're doing is going to lead to a dead end until you get really close to that dead end, and who are not willing to spend any time helping others get up-to-speed in areas they have expertise in.
Promotions and performance reviews are unfair and mostly just political. Not much innovative work is going on. Projects are mostly "rewriting the old stuff for the sake of rewriting". Several developers are not competent enough and write impossible to maintain code.
no ownership or vision, lack of motivation, compensation and benefits are less compared to other companies
No major drawbacks in working with Microsoft
brutal culture that sometimes rewards the wrong behaviour. seems to reward those that manage UP. there is also a perception that management skills arent as well respected as individual contributions, even at the cost of being a crappy manager. this can develop a mistrust of managers who seem to be looking to advance themselves and not help the team.
work/life balance is completely out of control... most employees can't and don't have the real ability to see beyond 2 steps ahead of them... their ability to really invent or drive innovation is about the worst you'll see... people play the political game more than working on real value added projects. people don't know how to make effective or any decisions... everyone seems to focus on trying to one up each other rather than coming together as a team to create something that's worthwhile sharing... the worst is that the act of everyone trying to be what is 'microsoft'... whatever the individual beliefs are of what it means to be a microsoft employee...
My manager is not interested in his reports' career growth. He is not fair in treating his reports -- he is in favor of the one who was under the same advisorship as his in grad school.
Due to increase in size, the whole company is out of control. Tons of people who got recruited in last decade are mediocre at best. Management chain is generally non-visionary average types who just can't compete. The net result is that in 5 years this company will be stalled if nothing is done. Then many of reasons of work will diminish. So in short, future is dark. Other downside is uncreative average to bad food in cafeteria.
The Emperor and a number of of upper mgmt minions are walking around completely naked, and few people have the access or the courage to tell them how they're dressed. Layer upon layer of onerous legacy processes, managed by PM's who've never really had the chance to properly analyze and implement real working processes are subjected on the IC's who have no say. If a non-mgmt employee, or, shudder, a lowly orange-badge, should make a suggestion that something should be done differently, they are either ignored out of hand, told to mind their place, or stop being negative. I worked at MS for just shy of 10 yrs, as both orange and blue badge, in IC (Test) and PM roles. A couple yrs ago, I was pointedly told that I should not include the taboo phrase "...we're changing our process..." in an email because it might upset some Sr Mgr in another group. That was the 'straw that broke the camel's back' . Good timing too, the 'Review Payday' was just around the corner. I took my booty and jumped ship. It took only a couple wks to find a much better role in a much smaller company, about 10 miles closer to my home. I'm paid more, have nearly the same benefits, have much more input and access to ALL levels of the company, and I actually go home at a decent time.
Internal communication and bureaucratic process. There are far too many people around who don't actually know answers and issues are resolved by cascading through an often endlessly seeming bureaucratic web. Promotions often seem based on who's been there longest and has developed social cache, rather than who's most qualified and/or talented.
Corporate hierarchy, Weather in redmond sucks when one has to be there.
Potential long hours, processes, politics
Overall bad reputation in the industry in terms of being a monopoly. Not everyone you meet will share the same views of Microsoft as you.
You are expected to work overtime, which is not paid to most workers. Employees often get burned out as a result and become disgruntled. Job responsilities stagnate and employees become bored repeating the same tasks over and over.
Boiling it down:  1) Many teams lack a competitive flair, with some exceptions (such as internal start-up and Entertainment properties). For well established products, or business units still trying to find their way, you may find the inertia frustrating as you watch smaller competitors come up with cool stuff that actually solves customer problems.  2) It is being populated by the professional corporate types. This is a downside if you yearn to learn why Microsoft was so successful in the early years. Many of those people are either gone, or are scattered throughout the company in very senior roles. As more coroporate animals populate the ranks, you will only learn their methods for posturing and politics.  3) Size is starting to make the company less agile. Relative to other large orgs, Microsoft isn't nearly the biggest. But to manage their portfolio of products they clearly don't need more people. Yet they continue to hire instead of cross pollinating great people. That bloat leads to difficulties in changing strategies or product alignments. They risk having to downsize several years from now, as most companies that grow too fast usually do.
Too large, doesn't pay as well as some other companies.
Working in Mountain View, CA doesn't give you a lot of chances to try other groups (this is not the company's fault).  There seems to be lots of political fights between groups though. There were also little communication between the leadership with the groups, or between the different groups.
“The downsides are that sometimes you will put in long hours if you are close to release in the software development lifecycle. Occasionally I hear about people having incompetent middle manager/leads which I believe is partly due to the "if you can code, you can manage" philosophy. If this happens be diplomatic about it, give feedback to your leads and senior managers and remember that sometimes they are still learning too. Also, as a downside to having high career growth you can be put in a situation where they will give you more responsibility than you asked for. This is great for experience but it can be stressful if you are not used to it. The way I see it, that is just part of the training and what is life without a little challenge anyway?”
Sr. Leadership is clueless, they don't have any idea how to take this company to the next level.
Groups tend to reinvent the wheel a lot because they don't want to be tied to another group's development schedule. This is commonly known as "Not Invented Here" syndrome. Working on open source software in your spare time is a gray area that many developers just tend to ignore instead of trying to navigate it. Compared to a start up, things move very, very slowly at Microsoft (depending on the group). Also not a week goes by that some kind of survey goes out asking how they are doing. the review process is like 20 different forms (I only slightly exaggerate). It can take a week or more of concerted effort to do your review. Couple that with your normal work week and that week is very stressful.
The size of the company and the bureaucracy can be stifling. There is no need to keep on hiring so many people when the inefficiencies of communication and management are rampant. The crazy layers of management, the politics, the fiefdoms, etc. can be absolutely suicide-inducing. It really depends on the culture of the team you are in and the few key people that define it.  It is still an engineering-based culture, and depending on the industry you're in and who your competitors are, this isn't necessarily a good thing. The company hasn't figured out how to design great experiences quite yet - there are pockets of that throughout but it's not widespread.  It is a risk-averse culture which prevents it from innovating and taking smart chances. It is consensus driven which keeps it from being nimble. It's got a lot of smart people who get dumber the larger the group.  "Old Microsoft" still reigns supreme in many areas. These executives who have watched the company grow over the past couple decades should generally retire and let others take a crack at it. Many of the old guard have gotten too rich and out of touch and are keeping the rest of the company from taking it where it needs to go.
Because Microsoft pushes software to the entire world, backwards compatibility can be incredibly difficult. In addition, the skill and ingenuity and time-investment required to ensure software is well tested means that SDETs are often under huge amounts of pressure without the proper level of reward given the difficulty of their job.
I was forewarned on my very first day: beware of politics. Microsoft is politics. Every decision is a political decision. Everyone treads lightly for fear of lawsuits. The unofficial company motto might be: "Do The Right Thing" (TM), but --in truth-- it's more of a "For the Love of Bill, Whatever You Do, Don't Do The Wrong Thing." The decisions which do get made are the safe, conservative, politically correct, decisions. Innovation is always constrained by the Big Fear: the fear of lawsuits. Every discussion seems to be chaperoned by somebody from LCA (Legal Compliance) and no matter how important you are, how smart you are, how right you might be, the LCA is more important, more right. The very bright people (TM) employed by Microsoft are constantly hamstrung by lawyers, by the esprit d' conservatism, and by the egos of the million other bright people working there along side of them. Microsoft is like the proverbial Old Boys Club: everybody who is anybody has been there since the beginning of time. To get your foot in the door at Microsoft is tough... to lose your job for any reason is even tougher... as long as you don't do The Wrong Thing. It's easier to keep quiet, do your job, and not question things. Questioning is definitely a Wrong Thing. Especially if you haven't been at Microsoft since the beginning of time. About 25% of people on the Redmond campus aren't even Microsoft employees: they are contractors (aka: "Orange Badges"). And Orange Badges, even if they otherwise qualify as Very Smart People" are treated not like second-class citizens: they are necessary and tolerated, but resented for their paychecks. Orange Badges are supposed to do their job. Otherwise they should act the part of a good butler: silent, halpful, invisible.
Too many layers to the very top.
Check out the mini-microsoft blog and Kim  All too often people managers with poor employee satisfaction ratings remain in their roles, these managers are in complete control of your fate within the company - with little if any accountability  If you value teamwork, stay away. Doing a good job and meeting your objectives is not enough - Your compensation, bonus, and longevity at the company are based on a forced stack ranking with a mandatory curve. This means that you are competing against other members of your team. The ranking process (now called a 'calibration') is a popularity contest where incompetent middle managers get to play god and determine your fate with arbitrary, ambiguous guidelines.
Like most large companies, it takes a long time to advance in your career. Moving up in the lower levels can take between 1-2 years average, while the higher levels can take 2-4 years. The stock awards cannot be counted on for much increase in value--the stock has been performing horribly for the past 6 years.
Some people are cut throat about what they will do to other employees to get ahead. This is especially true now that Microsoft is a big company and the stock is not performing.  If you're fresh out of school, you will get fewer opportunities to put your skills to the test. There's a long line of older and more senior employees looking for opportunities to get ahead. They don't like to share.  If you have a disability, HR may try to use constructive discharge to get rid of you. This can also happen as you approach the age where you are protected from age discrimination.
politics, politics, politics, politics, politics
The company is really big - some groups are not conducive to professional growth. If you have a friend working at Microsoft, ask him/her about your potential job before joining. There can be a lot of inter-group competition for the same product/idea. Some groups can be very political.
The location is just too expensive for people coming right out of college to afford. Especially with the house price boom, I could only rent a small one bedroom apartment at the town. As far as leadership goes, there should be some more infrastructure in place for more open and innovative way for us to work together. Microsoft should not lose to Google of the world.
It varies from team to team, but some of them do a ridiculous amount of micromanagement. I've had days in one team where the entire day at work was spent in meetings doing nothing relevant. Generally there's a meeting at least every day, and they almost always run over time while people niggle over small issues that generally don't apply to more than a few people in the meeting. In another team, I was simply set loose to do my assignments. I had maybe one meeting a week to sync up with my manager and maybe another one every month to sync up with his manager.
Microsoft has lost its edge in innovation. Management keeps bring up the word innovation, but if you look back at the past 10-20 years what innovation has Microsoft brought to the table? Nada. Microsoft's business model is not to be a leader in innovation, but rather a fast and very successful follower. Microsoft looks to see which business areas are successful, then pounces on them and sticks it out until they are No.1 in market share, etc. Some examples? Windows, Office, Internet Explorer... Need I go on?
It is a huge company with a bunch of bureaucracy, but this can be overcome if you work the system correctly. Despite a huge amount of construction, there continues to be a significant shortage of office space in the Redmond and Seattle area. This means that some people need to double up in offices which are meant for only one. Some times groups are not as coordinated as they should be and sometimes decisions take too long to get. However, if you make a good case, you can get major projects funded and resources assigned to try to make them realities.
expectation and culture that 'doing your job' is not enough-meeting expectations is not rewarded and even seen as not contributing or trying hard, poor work/life balance
Somewhere between startup and global giant MS hit some snags. The company and its environment have had a hard time scaling to what it means to be a blue chip company. No longer be run by techie cowboys winging it through every challenge the company still values that spirit. As a result they spurn anything that smacks of standard operating proceedure, rules, etc.. Sounds good until you need to do any of the multitude of things that a global enterprise needs to run smoothly. Or, god forbid, stick to a budget. Growing pains have taken their toll on morale as the same "new" ideas and projects are generated over and over, soak up millions, languish and die. As a result, the "message" to employees is confused and inconsistent. Salaries are below industry average (no matter what they tell you), the expectations are high, and the newly minted red tape is incredibly annoying. Place on that the onslaught of never-ending pointless re-orgs, and your chance of actually getting anything accomplished are long at best. It's a well-appointed habitrail wheel and the caffeine is free. Just don't be attached to the a outcome.
If you don't like to work hard, and would rather coast along, you will not succeed at Microsoft. To be successful you must treat your employment at Microsoft as a career, rather than a job.
It's a big ship. Turning it can take time.
Microsoft, like all large corporations, is becoming bloated with a middle management that is far more interested in carving out fiefdoms than doing anything either really productive or in the interest of customers. And like all big public corporations, Microsoft is far more focused on the short-term bottom line than the long-term health of the company. The culture is rapidly moving from an open, innovative, and creative one to a highly politicized, disfuntional one. I would rate three of my last five managers as incompetent and totally incapable of managing people. I literally sat through a meeting listening to one manager spout what can only be described as a "Dilbert Mission Statement" stringing together big words into a completely incoherent jumble. I had more than a few managers who could not tell us what success in our positions would look like, nor could they define what our group was supposed to be accomplishing (the worst two of these have moved up in the company). I worked in an organization that had teams of people who could not define what their contribution was, nor could anyone else in the group. When I started at the company there was a clear open door policy and everyone was encouraged to communicate up the change as appropriate. By the time I left many organizations had established a clear "chain of command" and although the the official policy was still open door it was clear that you didn't go over your immediate managers head. Worst of all, Microsoft as devolved from a real customer-focused company to lumbering giant with little or no regard for the real source of its wealth. If you strive for real accomplishment you can still find it at Microsoft but you may just as likely not find it. If you have a real affinity for doing right by the customer you might find it a very frustrating place to work.
It's a big ship. Turning it can take time.
Microsoft, like all large corporations, is becoming bloated with a middle management that is far more interested in carving out fiefdoms than doing anything either really productive or in the interest of customers. And like all big public corporations, Microsoft is far more focused on the short-term bottom line than the long-term health of the company. The culture is rapidly moving from an open, innovative, and creative one to a highly politicized, disfuntional one. I would rate three of my last five managers as incompetent and totally incapable of managing people. I literally sat through a meeting listening to one manager spout what can only be described as a "Dilbert Mission Statement" stringing together big words into a completely incoherent jumble. I had more than a few managers who could not tell us what success in our positions would look like, nor could they define what our group was supposed to be accomplishing (the worst two of these have moved up in the company). I worked in an organization that had teams of people who could not define what their contribution was, nor could anyone else in the group. When I started at the company there was a clear open door policy and everyone was encouraged to communicate up the change as appropriate. By the time I left many organizations had established a clear "chain of command" and although the the official policy was still open door it was clear that you didn't go over your immediate managers head. Worst of all, Microsoft as devolved from a real customer-focused company to lumbering giant with little or no regard for the real source of its wealth. If you strive for real accomplishment you can still find it at Microsoft but you may just as likely not find it. If you have a real affinity for doing right by the customer you might find it a very frustrating place to work.
None, everything is great here!
Big company mentality - it often feels like there isn't much innovation going on, and sometimes it seems like the cards are stacked against trying to do something too new or creative. It's also a bit frustrating at times to be under the restraints of all of the antitrust suits which have been going on - cross product integration is very tightly examined to ensure there will be no legal ramnifications, down to one case where a partner team couldn't explain the format of data they were consuming to our team, because doing so would require them to document/explain it to the general public.
arrogant attitudes, many believe they're in touch with users even though they're 180 out. Developers try to run the show and thought they're fantastic coders and technologists, they live in a differetn world than Joe user. yet they truly believe they are the average user. This leads to products user's don't get or are overly complex. Also, too much energy is wasted on political maneuvering and managing up.
salary is not satisfied,promotion is not as i expected
So far I have not been very impressed by management, who seem to be a bit lost and out of touch with the trenches. Overall I like working at Microsoft but mostly due to the people on my team that I work with, much more than the company.
the buearacracy. Just get it done already.
Becoming the next IBM. Big company bureaucracy stifles innovation, and limits achievement. Stock price is stagnant. Compensation is ok, I've seen better in the workplace for comparable level of experience and skills.
The internal politics, the difficulty of promotion at senior levels, and the "we're always right" cluture.
Long hours and the bathrooms are dirty
cliques in management.. buddies promote buddies. management is made up of incompetent hillbillies and you wonder how they ever got that position.
To big and complex. Always a follower, never a leader. MS is mired down in compatibility as well and not willing to break free into new markets. The cost of supporting just grows and grows and in the end isn't helping customers move technology forward. Doesn't trust its product teams to make good products that will win. They talk a lot about work life balance but they don't truly support it. They will pretend they do by not asking you to work the weekend, but they will rate you on these points later on. It becomes an unstated policy. Those that spend their lives on campus get promoted faster.
Dealing with the negative feedback from other industry insiders. Losing the "cool factor" to Google and Apple. Large teams, legacy apps isn't for everyone. Working for a big  Clouds in Seattle can get you down until you're use to the winters.
Boring, microshafted from a technology standpoint and it's just too darn political anymore. It's hard to make moves to new groups like the old days. Most of the cool stories i heard about hard working environments no longer existed and the passion of the team is just not there anymore.
It's a giant, bureaucratic company that is only getting bigger and more bureaucratic. The company is growing beyond all need and beyond all reason. There is little to no value in the myriad new processes that are constantly being introduced. However, introducing and managing process is what the company rewards, so this is only going to get worse.  Senior management is terrible. They make horrible decisions on acquisitions and strategy. Within any individual division, there is never a clear focus. Building great software has given way to building fiefdoms, protecting your territory, and introducing useless process. Increasingly the management of any given division actually knows very little about developing software.  Despite all claims to the contrary, beyond a certain level, it becomes very difficult to grow your career as a technical individual contributor. You can either move into management and become useless, or you can spend more and more of your time with political maneuvering and visibility games so that you can continue to get promoted. Either way, less and less of your time will be spent actually designing and developing software.
Microsoft senior management are out of touch with the company. There are too many layers between senior management and those who get the work done. Middle management--consisitng largely of directors, sr directors and GM's are largely bueracratic roles. How can you be a driector, sr driector or GM and have no direct reports?? Wasted investments.
political BS. If you aren't part of a select few, your upward mobility is not all that great.
Slow to react to new market oppurtunities
salary is not satisfied,promotion is not as i expected
Nothing. Everything is great and wonderful
Poor corporate ethics. One of most international employers yet only one where I've seen bigotry first hand.
the hours are long and you don't always get overtime
Stressful job. Company is too big and so has a lot of process that cuts into productivity.
Big Firm - feel like a number some of the time.
- Senior management behaves stupidly very consistently. - MS is acquisition crazy, despite the fact that the acquisitions have _never_ worked. - Review process is increasingly arbitrary and random, as well as a huge waste of time. Employees and managers fill out extensive forms "documenting" their "performance", which are actively ignored -- usually the review decisions are made before anything is submitted. - MS is increasingly populated by useless people. Many organizations are so dominated by PMs that they are completely paralyzed -- they have an unlimited number of people who can distract developers while only a limited supply of developers themselves. - Marketing is way too large and way too influential. -
Many groups at Microsoft do not seem to place a high value on experiences people get in other companies--no matter how significant. Promotions and advancement seem to be based primarily on how long a person has been at Microsoft and how deep their social network is within the company--not how long they have been in the industry and how effective they are in their jobs.
It can be hard to get decisions made and there is generally a pretty arrogant attitude. I wish we were more agile and simple good ideas were developed and released and that we would stay committed to ideas for along enough time to get them to work. The endless reorgs can be exhausting.
Rain. Constant reorganization. Great ideas around the company silo'd and out of sight. Sometime success requires an aggressive, combative approach. Not good if you are quiet or introverted.
It's a really big company.
It can be hard to get decisions made and there is generally a pretty arrogant attitude. I wish we were more agile and simple good ideas were developed and released and that we would stay committed to ideas for along enough time to get them to work. The endless reorgs can be exhausting.
Rain. Constant reorganization. Great ideas around the company silo'd and out of sight. Sometime success requires an aggressive, combative approach. Not good if you are quiet or introverted.
It's a really big company.
The pay is not keeping pace with the market, nor is reflective of one's efforts. Microsoft has a well-known pay policy that they pay 65% of the going market rate. In the past this was not a bad position since employees could double, tripple, or more because of the stock options. This is no longer the case. For non-executives, the current "stock grant" process adds, at best, about a 5% kicker to the total cash compensation.  By clinging to team-based revenue plans, there is virtually no difference in compensation between the top and bottom performers, nor any difference between team members who manage vastly different revenue streams. For all intents and purposes, year on year there is very little upside potential. The sales team I am on has made, within a 3% swing, the same take-home compensation for 4 years now - even while growing our revenue contribution by 50% in the same period.  Microsoft is not a place for the true sales professional who expects to be compensated according to the revenue / margin they bring in.  The other stark reality is that most promotions happen to those in Redmond. Do not expect much career advancement opportunities if you are not willing to dedicate 2-5 years at the mother ship.
Social interaction throughout the day is minimal. Most developers sit in their offices and code and don't get a lot of daily interaction with others on the team. Some days this leaves you feeling very isolated.
Public perception, middle management, back-stabbing
Work is not that interesting
Not much Java and OSS.
Many, if not most people you work with and meet have only ever worked at one company: MICROSOFT. They believe that the Microsoft way is the ONLY way. They don't care to hear alternatives.  Your mileage varies depending on who you report to: If you're reporting to someone solid, you can have a great experience and be positive that Microsoft is a FANTASTIC place, be promoted every 18 months, and think anyone who speaks negatively about Microsoft is nuts. If you're working for a poor manager, you'll encounter cronyism, politics, promotions that have no correlation to merit, and difficulty figuring out where your future at the company is, if any.  Be prepared to be assigned to projects that don't make a lot of sense, but are pets to high-ranking execs.
Maintaining a healthy work/life balance
The large corporate bureaucracy can sometimes get in the way of progress.
The increased size obviously has downsides. I'm sure there are great ideas that die on the vine because the peron or group that developed the idea didn't have the ability to make it happen. That's unfortunate and could be improved with better management practices. Microsoft also can feel a bit impersonal. That's also partly a result of size and scale. But I think it's also partly due to a loss of some of the original zeal that employees had - the feeling that we were working to change the world. With more people you naturally get more dim bulbs and that has a negative result on the whole.
Hubris -think we are the best. A little more humility would go a long way. Additionally, whiule we are trying to imp-rove the security of outr products, we always seem to be a step behind. We need an innovative approach. Acquiring small firms is perhaps not the total answer. We need a new philosophical direction.
The stock has stagnated for 10 years. Lots of employee whining. Senior management seems to be in a Microsoft "Bubble" and have no idea what is going on in the industry. Many people focus on playing internal games and coming up with new policies and procedures that arrive to a great deal of fanfare, get lots of attention for 2 or 3 months, and then fade back into the ooze, only to be replaced six months later with something new.
We are getting too large and bloated - bureaucracy is creeping in at every level.
The culture is focused on the individual. Commitments/MBOs are built around individual contributions, not team, collaboration, or your ability as a manager. It's a very competitive culture. There is little incentive to support others except for superficially. Align, engage, acrue. The culture is very distinctive- you either fit or you do not. Focus on smart, fast execution, efficiency. Not a thoughtful place to work. Emphasis is on getting work done to demonstrate the value of your team or manager. Must complete the work within the FY planning process. So therefore, it often does not matter if the right work is being done. Each year, everyone gets new objetives -- want to own a new program that can demonstrate results. As with many big companies, working on a sustain project is not highly vauled, creates less visibilty and exposure to management. As with any big company, it's political and people focus on advancing their careers as first priority, doing what is right for the company as 2nd priority.
Expectations of working long hours, arrogant management/people, lack of part time work available. There seems to be less latitude to move around - managers are looking for "discipline experts" vs smart people who can pick things up quickly and run with a project.  If you live in Seattle and have to commute to Redmond.... Horrible commute unless you can figure out a schedule that lets you go in early, leave late, or leverage public transportation to it's utmost advantages.
Company is way too big. I mean really really big. I mean there are two people at that company with my name, and I'm not Joe Blopw.
Hard to get recognized, mostly because there's so many other people in the same situation as you. That in turn makes it hard to move up quickly, so gone are the days where you become instantly rich. And since it's a large company, you often run into politics at the workplace, meaning some decisions make no sense whatsoever.
The flipside of the coin of working for such a huge employer is the bureaucracy and jump through the hope policies that are never quite defined.
The culture is focused on the individual. Commitments/MBOs are built around individual contributions, not team, collaboration, or your ability as a manager. It's a very competitive culture. There is little incentive to support others except for superficially. Align, engage, acrue. The culture is very distinctive- you either fit or you do not. Focus on smart, fast execution, efficiency. Not a thoughtful place to work. Emphasis is on getting work done to demonstrate the value of your team or manager. Must complete the work within the FY planning process. So therefore, it often does not matter if the right work is being done. Each year, everyone gets new objetives -- want to own a new program that can demonstrate results. As with many big companies, working on a sustain project is not highly vauled, creates less visibilty and exposure to management. As with any big company, it's political and people focus on advancing their careers as first priority, doing what is right for the company as 2nd priority.
Expectations of working long hours, arrogant management/people, lack of part time work available. There seems to be less latitude to move around - managers are looking for "discipline experts" vs smart people who can pick things up quickly and run with a project.  If you live in Seattle and have to commute to Redmond.... Horrible commute unless you can figure out a schedule that lets you go in early, leave late, or leverage public transportation to it's utmost advantages.
Company is way too big. I mean really really big. I mean there are two people at that company with my name, and I'm not Joe Blopw.
Hard to get recognized, mostly because there's so many other people in the same situation as you. That in turn makes it hard to move up quickly, so gone are the days where you become instantly rich. And since it's a large company, you often run into politics at the workplace, meaning some decisions make no sense whatsoever.
The flipside of the coin of working for such a huge employer is the bureaucracy and jump through the hope policies that are never quite defined.
Traffic is terrible. Far too much getting people bought into a solution when it'd probably be less costly to launch something small, fail and move on.
middle managment bloat... bi-polar nature of many of our businesses
too many people, things take too long to complete. I honestly believe Msft would benefit from trimming down. I would rather work on a team where we are 'understaffed' than having to fight for 'sexy' projects and for visibility. Individuals are rewarded and not teams and this creates a problem where people care more about their visibility than the good of the team.
Shipping complex software with as much out of the box as Microsoft does means long ship cycles for the bulk of the company. It can be a bit dull working on the same project for 3+ years.
It is a LARGE organization. 80,000 + employees now. So, it is hard to feel like you are making an impact.
Microsoft is a very big company. And it has been around for some time. So in some ways it becomes... a bit dilbertesque. For a dozen of really good working bees, there would be one smart guy who only knows how to manage his own career. Most probably it is a "middle manager", because new hires get filtered out quite effectively. So how those career-focused people survive? - They create "processes" and "initiatives", and then you are the one to fight back. So it really matters if your boss stays technical -- as long as he remembers how to write code (and he must know it in the fist place!), you won't feel dilbert.
There are two major downsides. First, our bonuses are small compared to other companies so our total compensation is often lower. We more than make up for it in stock awards but those take 5 years to pay out. And second, we are located in Redmond, WA. WA is an absolutely dismal place for about 90% of the year and it takes some serious getting used to.
Work/Life balance is poor. Microsoft overall is not operating in business reality, they spend money unnecessarily and are not disciplined with priorities of development projects.
The environment is filled with an unnatural distribution of highly intelligent and passionate people and is very charged. It's not uncommon to hear full on yelling when there are disagreements. In fact this is almost part of the Microsoft culture. This certainly varies from team to team, the older more established teams following this pattern more closely. This can take a little getting used to depending on where you're coming from. Every team has it's own culture for how they reward their employees and how they're centered. Dev centered organizations place the most value around the output of developers writting the product code. Other orgs are more equally balanced between value placed on dev, test and PM.
Too big. Stock prices dead in the water
Breaking the mold and forcing change and innovation is very difficult. Microsoft carries a lot of bagage and history with every product that makes this company an imitator more than an innovator
Beauracracy, siloed management and lack of a roadmap.
Microsoft is a large company, and generally the downsides are very similar. With such a large audience it's often difficult to do things quickly. I view this as more of a challenge than a downside since there is plenty of opportunity to have a large impact, you just need to know how to make things happen.
Politics Incompetent managers Stagnant stock price Low amount of Bonus
too much red tape, too big.
Large companies can be challenging or even frustrating places at times. It takes a while to get the ship to change course and this requires patience on the part of employees.
As an american engineer with 20 years experience, and a familiy with 3 kids, I simply could not compete with all the young talent imported from other countries, making half my salary and working 80hrs a week. At my level, I was expected to put in more hours, and consistently got bad reviews NOT because of anything I did, but by comparison to my peers. Unsustainable.
Couldn't see myself going into management and up. No support or training programs available to grow managers. They hire from the outside for upper managers. Quite frustrating.
Stress over taking long vacations
Politics: people aren't looking to do the best job or learn the best practices, they're trying to look good for stack-ranking time at the end of the fiscal year. If you're an anglo-american male working for Microsoft, get used to being a persecuted minority (see "advice to senior management")
Though the benefit comes with Microsoft is great ( lots of discount with buying stuff because of the partnership ), but there's no great cafe in Microsoft campus, nor any three free buffet meal as in other companies. You also need to have a high EQ, because no matter how good your team has achieved in the product, there will be always some persons in some newsgroups or websites whining and bashing what you did and what you provided to them. They never appreciate anything you have done. Next thing is the stock does not grow crazily as other competitors. It is more stable.
The commute in Redmond is horrifying. And parking at Microsoft is a nightmare. And it is mostly caused by really bad planning by both the city, county and Microsoft executives.  Microsoft has created a culture where people are rewarded more for shooting down ideas than actually finding solutions. There is also more reward for people just thinking of cool stuff and not alot of reward for quality execution of an idea.  Executives ask for feedback but they don't really listen to it. In fact it is pretty clear that none of them want it.  There is a tendency for the company to hire lots of smart people but only so many people can move up the ladder. As a result you have alot of people fighting for the same jobs with almost the same qualifications.  It rains alot in Seattle. Don't believe anything anyone else tells you.
Lack of respect, too much process
Dogfooding beta software can be painful.
Too huge, bureaucratic, moves slowly
There are mainly three things. One is the location. Microsoft is Redmond, there is really no other place like it. You can work in the subs but less interesting jobs really force you to move to headquarters. And Redmond is close to Seattle, which is a great city, but the rainy city really lives up to its name. hte second is the corp culture, which I am sure it's great, but the incredible amoount of meetings, and the slow process of getting things done cam be frustrating at times. Third and last, is the tendency to have managers who are really into their career. I know that different people have different experience, but the desire to achieve commitments is the highest priority, while sometimes doing things differently is not as rewarded.
I worked with a bunch of nerds and there were no attractive people in sight. They should also have some sort of incentivized pay structure, like base plus commission upon review of quality of work done. I also think that CEO's salaries should be based on performance as well. Give us some sort of profit sharing man!
As a salaried employee, there is a tendency to work in excess of 60 hours per week. There is also a tendency to "lose" accrued vacation due to lack of opportunity to take time off.
Inept Management Nepitism amongst senior leaders The talent pool has been massively diluted over the years Decision makers are often completely ignorant of the market, especially in the web space
Highly competitive, high stress, crushing politics, low incidence of women and minorities, gender and minority wage gap a problem. Recognition for results lacking. Who you know can get you farther than results.
At msft you can be easily pigeonhole to a single element of a particular task. All the managers are constantly position themselves to be on top of others. Most don’t care about the people doing the real engineering work. From the stock price for the last 8 years, people can see what Wall Street is thinking about msft.
The culture and the people. There are a LOT of a**holes working there. Management just doesn't care about people, they just care about their own careers. No one wants to deliver "bad news", so real problems never get fixed. There's a ton of politics and in-fighting. Hard to get anything done.  And, oh, yeah, the company just doesn't "get" this little thing called internet.
The biggest downfall, is the flip side to one of the positives. It's a HUGE company, and it's very easy to get lost in the masses. Other downsides are, that with a company this size, it's easy for bad employees to stay employed because it's easier for them to fly under the radar, people tend to be moved on, rather than gotten rid of.
Microsoft is a big company and has all the problems associated with that. Recognition for your work can be difficult when you are a cog in a very big wheel. Specialization can also be a bummer if you like to wear a lot of different hats.
Redmond is a long commute for some.
Redmond is a long commute for some.
Opportunities for remote work are slim for SDEs and SDETs. Almost all of the product development happens in Redmond and if you can't live there, you're out of it (if you want to know why I no longer work at MS, this is the reason: I had to move out of the country for family reasons and did not find a way to continue my work with product teams and did not want to go back to the field). Also, you need to be a person that can manage your own time -- if you don't, you will get exhausted and be overworked. However, if you can manage that, you will be fine with 40-45 hour weeks in reasonable pressure. From what I have heard, teams can vary very much and (like in any large org) if you land under a poor manager, you are in trouble. Also, the MS field organization is a very different place and anything I say here does not apply for any of the subsidiaries (had some bad experience there)
The middle management is awful: a mixture of cowardice, self-interest, and incompetence. Microsoft is replete with self-serving types, all in heavily guarded fiefdoms. There is no accountability after shipping. Doing good work is hard, and getting rewarded for it is harder.
We're amoral and cheat our employees and customers. People in Redmond are some of the most arrogant people on the planet.
lower then average pay and same drawbacks as any large company
Long hours and overload of work.
Long hours, and dealing with negative public perception
What? You actually have to build the things you advertise and make them work?  If you're a technologist and can't get hired directly into a research group - you really don't want to work for Microsoft today. Microsoft has suffered horribly since Ballmer took over. He's a marketer. He was always the guy who'd come stomping down the hallway going "I WANT WHAT I WANT". We'd explain that the products couldn't actually do that and the reaction would be along the lines of "AND WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING?" If it was important, we'd take the technical facts to Bill, and Bill would intervene and shut him down. It was a decent balance of power. Ballmer's drive to do the impossible would get Bill to do things he wasn't inclined to do, but only if they were POSSIBLE. Yes, there was a time when I loved Microsoft and worked with great enthusiasm in that niche of the "not technically impossible". I did a lot of risky things knowing that I could always count on Bill to rein things in when I could prove they weren't technically possible, or so difficult they simply weren't practical.  But Bill is gone now. Since taking over, Ballmer has promoted other similarly-minded marketers around him, so now he's completely cocooned in layers of marketing fluff with absolutely no basis in reality. He doesn't know the difference between an actual product and a picture of a product. And just to improve the whole customer-focus and employee-focus thing - he's imported old IBM (Kevin Johson) and legacy Wal-Mart (Kevin Turner).  The company used to be better and simpler. Everything asking for millions of $$ went in front of Bill, who would look skeptically at everything at a technical level and go "um, I don't understand how this actually gets built at all, never mind on time or on budget. SHOW ME. CONVINCE ME." People dreaded Bill's reviews but he weeded out the crap and he fired the liers. Ballmer's a marketer. He believes the crap and promotes the liers.  After 8 years of Ballmer, you get Vista, Office 7, and Yukon (SQL2005) ... a suite of products that took 5-6 YEARS to release and on seeing them, users are waiting for the next releases on the feeble hope that they'll be better.  If you recognize this environment and you know how to manipulate it - you'll be in your element. But if you wanted to build software or do something positive, look elsewhere.
Not at all a sales environment. The opportunity to really sell does not exist, as the comp plans, managemnet, and company orientation are all mired in the mid-80's 80's belief that the stock price will grow and split over and over.  The stock hasn't split in 8 years, and like many technology firms, has sat at roughly 1/3 of it's bubble peak. But unlike other companies, Microsoft believes that they do not have to face this reality. Accordingly, it hires, retains and promotes a sales culture that doesn't sell, but visits. There is no relationship between activity and closing business in the competitive server space, and worse, if you try to sell into that space, you are vilified by the "resting and vesting" culture.
Hmmm. . . . it can be kind of hard to navigate in such a large company, so getting to know people outside of your group is key. This will also help you figure out how to get things done, so building relationships and networking within Microsoft is important.
It is a very fast moving environment so it can be a challegne to manage work life balance if you are not assertive. The company moves at the speed of the Internet and often times there is less infrastructure that most people from other large companies might expect. The good news is that means very little adminstrative bureaucracy, but can also mean there is more ambiguity than is comfortable for a lot of people. You have to be driven and constantly willing to learn, grow and take feedback. This can also mean that sometimes we recreate the wheel or don't take advantage of the experiences others have had.
Microsoft is a huge company. Getting things changed is feels like it is nearly impossible. In addition, sometimes just finding the proper resource is difficult simply because of how large the company is. I often feel like Microsoft doesn't value or recognize talent as much as it used to and that seniority is the key to success within the company. This does not sit well with me since it seems like the key to job growth within the company is stamina and endurance rather than truly brilliant work. I was really hoping for more of a meritocracy within the company.
lots of hours, sometimes lots of ambiguity, extremely matrixed environment so you have to be very adept at navigating and working cross-group, you're impacting millions of people so if you make a mistake it reverberates, the stock market doesn't value the company as well as it should, so your stock doesn't reflect what a great company it is, people love to Microsoft-bash - you'll need to grow a thick skin
pretty overwhelming sometimes, at higher seniority levels competition for promotions is strong
You have to pay for food and snacks. Not a comfortable work environment, they discourage peaceful and collaborative working. They do not promote based on quality of work instead they promote based on popularity and their review system. Hard work is NEVER rewarded here, instead employees are promoted when they do less work and leave early. At Microsoft, if one person in management, regardless of their direct connection to you, doesn't like you, your next review will be damaged. I've received only one 0.5% raise in nearly 5 years of service. Microsoft has horrible retention of long term employees. Management is free to ridicule employees. They 'claim' raises and promotions can happen any time but I have never seen anyone recieve a promotion or raise outside of once a year.
Sometimes it's easy to get lost in a company of this size. Microsoft's internet strategy feels fractured and inchoesive at times. This is a company of over-achievers and if that's not your mindset you may get left in the dust.
Much like how the moss in Seattle can easily take over an entire lawn, if you are not careful, Microsoft will take over your life. Work is really addictive, and people tend to work very long hours, work from home, work at night and over the weekend, and let work fill up most of their lives. It’s hardly ever the case that a manager would ask you to stay late and work on something – you’ll do it yourself, because you are passionate about the things you are building. This is a very hard habit to break and you need to be able to set strong, clear boundaries for yourself so that you do not sink it too deep.
Cost of housing in Seattle area
I have not faced any downsides of working at Microsoft.
The downsides are that sometimes you will put in long hours if you are close to release in the software development lifecycle. Occasionally I hear about people having incompetent middle manager/leads which I believe is partly due to the "if you can code, you can manage" philosophy. If this happens be diplomatic about it, give feedback to your leads and senior managers and remember that sometimes they are still learning too. Also, as a downside to having high career growth you can be put in a situation where they will give you more responsibility than you asked for. This is great for experience but it can be stressful if you are not used to it. The way I see it, that is just part of the training and what is life without a little challenge anyway?
Compensation could be better (really)
- Large organisation and politically saavy employees find it easier to scale the promotion ladder - Underdog in some of the hottest technologies like services and mobile phone technolgy
Microsoft is under the microscope of many global governments, that very thing makes it difficult to deliver exactly what customers what and ask for. We've been given hand cuffs becuase we're become popular, in a word, it's totally unfair to our customers.
The Commute, the Rain, the Rain and the Rain.
Comp packages are not good.
Forget about a life outside of work. You will always have more work than you can do and lots of pressure to complete it all. The bureaucracy is at an all time high and the organization moves at a snails pace for most things. Even though you have a lot of responsibility, there are lots of internal politics and cross company issues that make it difficult to make real changes without more effort than you can possibly believe. You would think that the best software company in the world would have great internal systems, but they don't. Lastly, the pay is horrible. Every year, they come out with lame reasons and explanations that pay is really not so bad and that you should be honored to work at Microsoft, but it doesn't do justice to the amount of work most of the employees put in.
The biggest problem is that it's really easy to forget about your social life. Some days you get so into coding you lose track of the time and the whole day passes you by. Occasionally there's pressure to get something accomplished quickly (especially near the end of the release cycle) and you may find yourself working longer hours than you want.  Social interaction throughout the day is minimal. Most developers sit in their offices and code and don't get a lot of daily interaction with others on the team. Some days this leaves you feeling very isolated.  Traffic in the area is terrible. If you don't live in the right spot and plan your commute correctly, you can lose 1-2 hours a day just in travel.
Politics, politics, politics. Low pay. Stock is given with a 5 year vesting period, to keep people from leaving. To truly succeed, must forego personal life or time outside of work. The Microsoft vocabulary and constant stream of acronyms. Slow promotion cycles. Managers aren't expected/required to make their own contribution, but to only manage others' contributions.
Lot of experienced people already working, and hence career growth may not be as fast in some other smaller companies
Hostile attitutes toward the company (expressed by many)
lack of upward movement for admins
Microsoft attracts a large amount of very, very driven and focused people who work very hard, you will have to work very hard to meet the curve that is needed to see good bonuses and fast promotion. Working in a remote office for Microsoft can also be a downsize. Redmond is the beating heart of Microsoft and this can sometimes show through lesser facilities at remote offices. Politics as with any large company can slow progress on projects which can be frustraiting at times. Your ability to speak freely without bias around Microsoft products and services can also a downside.
It is now a big company - and the pay hasn't really grown as fast as the orgizational profits. Its sad that the joy of working at Microsoft is now gone. I've been with the company more than 10 years and during that time have watched the fun factor drip out of my job. During that time i have held three or four other positions within the company. In every case the reality of where we are is consistent. Our field teams don't communicate as well as they should. Our corporate teams don't communcate as well as they should. Sad, all the way around.
The biggest downside of working for Microsoft, but outside Redmond headquarters, is the poor brand reputation among everyone outside Microsoft, especially in Silicon Valley. They are not known for creating great consumer services, so they are not well liked when compared to other consumer-centric companies. That cuts into the pride I have in working for Microsoft - only the employees inside learn what a great company it is. That might be fine when you live in the Seattle area where Microsoft dominates, but it's pretty hard in the field when everyone favors your competitors. Because Microsoft is such a large company, you may feel that you don't have as much control of your projects as you would have in a smaller company. They have a team and a framework or template for everything, so sometimes it feels like you can just turn off your brain and use all the resources they have set up.
Lots of hours and very bureaucratic
The things that make Microsoft such a good fit for some make it extremely stressful for others. You will be expected to guide your own career and to be responsible for much of your own learning. This means that you'll probably always be reading up on something and will always feel a littel behind. You'll never acheive a comfort zone in terms of career growth. The environment is competetive, and laid back types who just want to "come in and do my job" will be limited in how far they can advance. Travel is required. Working with outsourcers overseas can be stressful and unrewarding because there is no mentoring relationship to speak of - you will be dealing with lowest common denominator individuals overseas who have no incentive to learn or better themselves because the people back in the States can always get them out of a bind. Support tends to be underfunded, and you will not have all of the benefits that people in the Redmond campus have (but you won't pay $500K for a shabby house an hour away from work, either).
Slow-moving, bureaucratic company that is rapidly turning into IBM. Microsoft has forgotten how to produce great products, and the company doesn't begin to understand the 21st century marketplace. It's essentially surviving on the continuing profits from its Windows and Office glory days.  The sort of people who work at Microsoft are the sort of people who crave stability and security, rather than creativity and challenges.
Can be quite political since everyone is so qualified. Work hours are intense, and you can't really disconnect even when you're gone. Stigma attached to Microsoft can be a downside in certain areas.
I sense a lack of excitement in most employees. It's just a job. The days of getting rich with stock options are long gone, and nobody expects them to come back. That's the downside of the stability I mentioned as an upside. The company seems too big, like it's acquiring and hiring more people to throw at the wall hoping some good ideas will fall out. Definitely too many complacent middle-managers who get huge rewards for little accomplishment other than building a network of supportive lackeys.
should provide free lunch like google :)
Working far from home is a must if you were not born in Seattle and want to develop the biggest products. Many customers do not like Microsoft, so you have to explain to people you are not working for an Evil Empire. It rains a lot in Redmond too! Advancing the career might be slower than in startups because of great competition, but it is almost guaranteed as opposed to startups, which often fail. Sometimes it is easy to get lost in such a big place. Sometimes you might feel like a little cogwheel in a huge machine, although everyone is important and you can always try to grow and become a big one too!
It's big, that is a plus and minus. On the plus side, it is stable and not random, but things get done slower than they would at a startup. There are more opinions that count and more history to deal with.
The political atmosphere is highly charged. It is not an ideal place to work if you expect to get rewarded for simply working hard. You need to make yourself visible to management and fight for every prmotion and raise.
There is ALWAYS too much work that needs to be done, and the unfortunate result is everyone works too many hours.
Pressure to know the latest and greatest
Base salary is a little low. The User Experience discipline is still figuring out how their career paths are. Also, the commute is tough, which isn't Microsoft's fault, more about the surrounding city and local governments I guess. Sometimes the company feels "too large", but breaking the divisions up I think has been quite healthy.
It is a big company. The first 3 months are the hardest, you have to learn a new job and a new working culture, once you get past that it is really easy. It is competitive, you are working with some of the smartest people in the industry and some days that can be hard...in other words you never go to work and rest on your laurels, we are very innovative - I sometimes wonder if I will run out of new ideas, which is silly because I have so many concepts to incubate that I will never run out of things to do or think.
Stress, hard competition, Work/liffe balance
Too large at times.  Upward/lateral movement can be confusing.
Soooo much work to do
- all roles are too specialized, sometimes its nice to get a broad perspective - not all teams or divisions have the same strong career or strong project management culture - very little technical documentation, making onboarding new employees very difficult and frustrating
You can sometimes get into working some crazy hours that throw the work life balance out of whack. You are working for the giant. There are a few bad eggs, but that is likely at all companies.
Fisrt, Microsoft competes in so many areas, that it feels like we are always playing catch up to more nimble competitors. This can be disheartening and challenging at the same time, and it definitely takes a lot of energy to keep pushing. Second, Microsoft still has a lot of old guard in place at the top and it sometimes feels like "Ballmers old boys rule the roost". But, that is clearly changing as more outsiders are brought in at senior levels of the company. Third, Microsoft does best on big bets that require an amazing level of coordination between field, development, marketing, PR and so on. The doenside is that it can lose the entrepreneurial feel.
Let's see... downsides. For people who I've known who come to the company and then leave, there is a lot of "luck of the draw" in the hiring process. If you hire into a group that is not well managed (it happens), you can find yourself in a high pressure, long hour job with no end in sight. The best advice I have hiring into Microsoft is to be careful in the way you interview your next employer. Since there are so many jobs available across many diverse groups, be sure to not land a role only with the thinking "get your foot in the door. Nobody benefits when a new hire burns out and leaves in the first year.
Corporate politics, sometimes hard to get things done.
No, I don't really think there's any downside.
One word: Traffic. Seattle traffic is horrendous. A twenty mile commute is about an hour commute each way. That may be common for other big metros but it's annoying to me.  Three words: Real estate prices. In 2007, the median price in Redmond Washington for homes was over 650 thousand. Granted some of those are really nice and have a good bit of space. But I moved from a place where the same sized place cost half of that. Anywhere within a 30 minute commute to Microsoft will cost 450K+. The costs are such that the low income people are being driven out of the area and the medium income people are becoming the low income people because they can barely afford a 300 thousand dollar condo 45 minutes away from where they work.
Personally, I'd like to try out a smaller company at some point in my life. While Microsoft is very large, and has many opportunites to choose from in almost any technical area, I'd like to try out the small business scene. The base pay is greater than the average software development job within the US, but by no means is near the top. I do believe however that the bonus, awards, work/life balance, and health benefits do outweight the lower wage.
Some of the commitments are a waste of personal time.
It is a very complex and matrixed organization so sometimes figuring out how to get things done is challenging. It's a paradox really where sometimes it seems things get done really fast--a VP snaps their fingers and people jump into high-gear and it's amazing what can be accomplished in short time, yet at the same time because you have to work across so many teams and groups, it can seem like forever to get simple things done because you have to drive so much alignment across groups otherwise initiatives fail without buy-in. It is also a "two-class society" among the General Managers and Vice presidents who live in one realm and the worker-bees who live in another. Rewards are based very much on what you get done, not HOW it's done so often times people trying to get fast-track thru promotions are not actually very good team players.
Review and compensation system, poor managers - MSFT assumes all people once they've reached a certain level are suited to managing people. There are more bad managers then there are good ones. Work/Life balance is a joke! Corporately they really do mean well, but too many managers don't live it and want to get the work done any way possible instead of pushing back on upper management about the feasibility of getting the work done in a specific time frame.
You need to be in Redmond for maximum visibility within the company for promotions, and Redmond is COLD and RAINY all winter long... We seem to be growing a little too fast lately. 40,000 in Redmond is a bit too much.
The paradox is that a developer in a Microsoft product group that takes ownership of his deliverables and likes to be an independent thinker will have a difficult time. Product groups, despite the frequent mention of innovation in internal documentation, rarely have the patience for it. For someone that's worked in truly innovative environments, it may be disappointing to see what marketing will often label "innovative" to customers and employees. We rarely truly interact with customers until after we've built and shipped product Betas--which can take anywhere from six to twenty-four months, depending on the project. Often, the features customers want are two to four years out from the request if they weren't included in the original product definition. Microsoft struggles with change from traditional development processes, although some groups are more proactive than others. Most engineers I know are not domain experts--and being a domain expert, particularly when you are new to the company and there are few to no other domain experts (particularly in management), means it will be hard to be heard unless you have stellar social skills (i.e. influence). Discpline managers (e.g. Software Engineer Managers) generally wield considerable authority, yet in my experience do not contribute to the discipline beyond process and negotiating contracts with other teams. Microsoft often talks about passion, but it will be frustrating to see discpline managers that ask you to come in on weekends and stay late, when they aren't rolling up their sleeves themselves. People are promoted into management too quickly, and many of these promotions seem to be based on friendship circles, so the heirarchy at Microsoft can be frustrating. Politics are prevalent. Employees are stack-ranked or "calibrated" against their peers (despite claims that this has changed, it has not) to determine yearly compensation and review, and this can adversely affect those that don't fall in line with their manager. Bullying is common, as is back-stabbing, and there is no effective outlet. I've seen slews of competent folks leave or be pushed out of teams due to empire building. These issues consume much too much time for those that are truly passionate about software.
- bureaucracy - the organization is highly matrixed - internal politics
Advertised compensation being better than 2/3 of the industry means that salary is not very competitive with other technical companies in the area, Not-invented-here syndrome wastes productivity on creating technology that already exists, Some groups thrive on bureaucracy and preservation of job security at the expense of agility and efficiency, No on-site day care, choice of funds for 401(k) is limited and underperforming, average length of time for pay grade promotion is 3 years, too much project management, outsourced internal services look great on paper but leave much to be desired by those forced to use it, no free food
Stock price: Microsoft stock doesn't increase in price very much any more so getting rich by working at Microsoft is a thing of the past. You'll earn a comfortable, stable living, but probably won't get rich.  Big company: It's a big company and has many of the problems a big company has. Sometimes you feel like a small cog in the system. Sometimes there's some corporate beauracracy to deal with. Sometimes it feels like not everyone in the company is moving in the same direction.  Frequent re-orgs: These are a fact of life at Microsoft. Most of time, they don't affect the people at the bottom, but re-orgs at all levels happen frequently.
commute is getting tough these days.
The management can get a little beaureacratic from time to time.
Lots of Stress/pressure. Tight deatlines. Cross-group communicaiton breakdowns sometimes.
The code base of the some of the projects are huge, as is the number of people working on them. Certain features in certain products might need involving a lot of people, and coordinating and resolving the issues of each of these teams is not trivial.
The code base of the some of the projects are huge, as is the number of people working on them. Certain features in certain products might need involving a lot of people, and coordinating and resolving the issues of each of these teams is not trivial.
The external reputation of the company is bad which can lead you to question why and how you can manage to work there if you only look at the outside picture. There are many cultures inside the company, some of them dysfunctional or with awful work-life balance. Just as in any big company there are egomaniacs and selfish types whose primary objective is to climb up the career ladder and make partner. The cafeteria food isn't that great and it isn't free like at Google. The company has to really make up time in the Internet space, even though IE caught up, the software as a service space is still there to figure out.
In the User Research discipline, Microsoft is not very forward thinking and the user research groups are poorly organized and are not well placed for impact
It seems like everyone on the outside hates Microsoft, which can make it a little demoralizing to work there. It is a large company, and even though it is broken up into usefully small groups there is a vast bureaucracy. Government interference means even more bureaucracy - protocols need to be documented, emails need to be retained (and carefully composed). And Microsoft as a company has no taste, as Steve Jobs once pointed out, which means they make stupid errors about products. That's an uphill battle.
Microsoft is made up of so much bureaucracy and red tape that it's difficult to really feel like you make a difference until you're higher up the chain. There are so many layers of management and so many silos that it's very difficult to get anything beyond trivial tasks done in a decent length of time. This leads to huge investments of time and money that probably aren't truly necessary.
The tools we get to work in most of the groups with are arcane - mostly C/C++. Some groups do use C# or even F#, so make sure to ask if you care. Also our code bases are huge and we have to matian a lot of backward compatibility where I work. It is not nearly as agile as banging out new Web two-point-oh cool app.  Also there is a huge disconnect between customers and {engineers, marketing etc}. This leads to a lot of stupid or "evil" outcomes.
Very stressful, long hours, don't agee with some of decisions MS makes on a large scale.
Lack of vision for the company at the highest levels of management, bureaucracy, not being agile with respect to competition from smaller companies, getting isolated into highly-specialized silos of work
The annual review process is tough but I do believe it's necessary. Throughout the year you make commitments about the work you will complete. Then you are evaluated against those commitments. Sometimes it's tough because of switching priorities but it has always been fair. You are always expected to go above and beyond those comittments. But I think that's part of what make Microsoft great and its people greater.
Downsides to working at Microsoft include: Lack of awareness around levels and how they are awarded Annual Review process i.e. forms, process overall Lack of great insight into decisions made by management Annual review process related to leveling
political tone towards microsoft, some execs with poor human management skills
The primary downside of Microsoft is that a lot of the old-school people from the early days of Microsoft are still hanging on at Microsoft and not moving on or retiring. This limits the ability for talented people with new ideas from taking on senior positions. One of the other downsides is that the jobs, whatever they are, aren't exciting in and of themselves-- as an employee, however, you can take many different steps to expand your possibilities, challenges, and abilities. Another downside of Microsoft is the review process, while heavily instrumented, the instrumentation is highly subjective and I've never met a manager (or employee) that fully understands it.
Microsoft has slow promotion rate partly because they depended heavily on stock price in past to make up for the compensation. It's heavy on mid-management.
Unless you are a Partner the company treats you like a commodity, and there are few partner positions available (a small % of the whole company are Partners).
A large, centralized campus in the suburb of a mid-size city results in a fair amount of insularity, especially when such a large number of employees are hired out of college and have not worked anywhere else. Only in such an environment do people believe tagging a web site with 'Windows' - e.g. 'Windows Live' - to be a plus for branding. As the company ages and grows, it requires more organizational overhead, which, combined with the kind of orderly processes required to ship products like Office to hundreds of millions of users in dozens of languages, does not result in an agile, entrepreneurial environment. Compensation has, for all practical intents and purposes, stalled. You can get richer there than you'd be at IBM but the gap is shrinking.
you work all the time, but it's fun, but it's all the time. as with all companies you have people that have big heads, There is have’s and have’s not’s, have people that have been with MS for years and they have a lot of stock. MS is in a place that the people that have been there a log time are getting pushed out.
shares are not so profitable
The constant pace of performing at a very high level.
I'd like to see a better work life balance encouraged.
I don't have any cons to mention currently.
I imagine this is a common complaint, but the size of the company makes it difficult to get things done here.
As with big companies like this, it can be bureaucratic here, and management communicates changes after they have already been made.
I would say that I was rather impressed because the transition has been really smooth, although they were acquired recently.
Very new organisation within MS, so still unstructured
Some bureaucracy as expected in a huge corporate environment
Sometimes not promoted when needed
Level bumps don't occur with role changes
nothing of this sort to write
Too much internal focus on reporting
Some systems are archaic. Each team only gets to promote a few people per year which means if you are on a team full of superstars you may have to wait a while for a promotion. There are gaps in HR that are not covered by anyone and on many occasions when you have a question you are sent from person to person.
nothing of this sort to write
No Cons . All is well so far
- Lack of freedom to work on things
You are generally involved in lot of process instead of working. there is no startup type culture in this environment you need to go through with lot of everyone even for a very small things.
In sales roles there is relentless focus on reporting. Unrealistic recent sales targets in the cloud business are getting to be silly. Minor gripe: having the UK main office in Reading is a pain. It's hard to get to, miles from all our customers, so you end up always trying to arrange meetings in the London office which is massively overcrowded.
Lack of opportunity for field finance. Heavy restructuring every year, with lot of layouts.
Only one toilet bowl in the office, sometimes have to queue for up to an hour to do my sinful business.
The location could be better
Managers need a new vision.
Work life balance and ageism
Tough sometimes to tough at quarter endings
Tough sometimes a bit to tough
a lot of management, complex and not agyle organization
The company is very large and very process orientated which can be a blocker to move fast on opportunities
No Cons. 39LPA is fake.
Sales process in Microsoft (Demand response and Corporate):  Seller (ISR, SSP or AE): Do you want Office 365 licenses? Customer: Yes Seller: How many? Customer: X.... Seller add the data in the CRM  Seller: Do you want Office 365 licenses? Customer: Yes, but I need these features.... Seller: I need other call with my TSP (because seller have no idea about Office features) Seller after the call add the data in the CRM  Seller: Do you want Office 365 licenses? If Customer says : No ... Seller call to other customer  Seller: Do you have any project on Azure Customer: Yes, I am now working on it Seller add the deal to the CRM without adding value to the project  Seller: Do you have any project on Azure Customer: Yes, but I need .. Seller: I will include the TSP in the next call (Seller has no idea about any Azure product)  Seller: Do you have any project on Azure Customer: no Seller: Do you know that the cloud is cheaper and the future? Customer: I am not interested... Seller call other customer  Some sellers only track partner deals or ask the partners for Office renewals. The best sellers doing this are now managers, so this is the way to be successful in Microsoft. I recommend to my colleagues not to apply to the TSP role as the other roles have the same or higher salary, without any technical requirements, they don't need certifications or study the product and also more career progression.
Extremely dynamic (see pros) Lobbying and politics
no cons, work was good and hospitality too.
no work life balance lot of oncalls - not unusual to have 15-20 oncall hours during the week, sometimes even more chaotic pressure
Rotational shift, Good work environment
The biggest disadvantage of working in Microsoft is that I don't see any disadvantage. So its become difficult to understand whether I am doing the right thing.
Not very fast paced, given the nature of products
no work life balance lot of oncalls - not unusual to have 15-20 oncall hours during the week, sometimes even more chaotic pressure
Many transformations that can impact your dev.
A lot of travelling !
Better yearly hike. Gets hectic at times.
I didn't find anything
Any con would be nitpicking, however, growth can be very manager and team dependent. Some teams work on legacy tech so if you join such a team you get stuck in debugging and maintaining legacy code and growth is also slow. Because it's such a huge company there can be frequent organizational shuffling which can create some confusion. And there are windows updates of course which you cannot turn off !! :P.
Sometimes - especially when working with HQ in Redmond, there is a feeling that people more thinking about their jobs than doing right thinks for a company. "Satisfying a boss" culture is more common than "challenging a boss" which is not always beneficial for a field teams, customers and partners.
Certain teams have bad work culture and try to override the existing freedom provided in company policies
Really slow promotions occur even for the ones who deserve it
Company is US centric and and fails to see local opportunities
Middle management is quite manipulative
high ranks would be mostly Swiss-only club location a bit far-off Zurich compered to the other major corporate city locations
There is a lot of cult culture.
* Everything is rolled out from Headquarters, Asia is last to receive * Asia offices is completely different to Redmond's Headquarter's environment * 'Drinking from a firehose' It is expected you learn at a fast pace and it is alot!
Limited career path Less exposure
Growth from retail to cooperate not there
2nd best in Search, and lost on mobile advantage
long shift no canteen breaks are short team leaders are not helpful rude receptionist
I had to go back to school!
Discrimination among company pay roll employees and out sourced employees
Too chill environment Some oldies still ruling the system
Rigid culture and
Always need to be on top of technology learning and improvise skillsets individually
Many decisions still are done in Redmond and your career will plateau quickly outside of Redmond. I also couldn't chose the right tool for the job at any given time because there were always a MS technology we were supposed to use. The latter is changing I'm being told by friends.
I can only speak for the German Inside Sales Team, but staying in line with overall company culture, this is probably one of the most toxic work environments in Dublin. At Microsoft visibility is everything. The joke "it doesn't matter what you do, what counts is the look on your face while you do it" couldn't be more true anywhere. Sucking up to Management is explicitly encouraged and will almost certainly be the decisive factor in whether you will have a career there or not. If you are unlucky, the biggest part of your bonus will be based on the subjective opinion of management, so you'll be at the mercy of the complete hierarchic chain, which is able to -and will- take away your complete bonus on the basis of their personal feelings towards you, irrespective of your actual numbers or how you behave towards colleagues. In such a case, there will be no support offered from anywhere within the company. In the German team, management also takes photos of your desks and sends them around in work-related chats if there is, say, and empty cup or a stain on your desk. As much as visibility is key internally, the company is constantly trying to represent itself to the outside and will expect you to be part of this. This culture can be overwhelming at times and is only good for a very specific kind of person. You know best if you're one of those.  Perks at MS are few, there is a good health insurance , but no freebies such as free breakfast or snacks.  There are tons of good and highly reputable IT-companies in Dublin, most of which are offering far better culture, management, salaries and perks and I'd advice most to look elsewhere.
No Work life balance no opportunity
Managers do not care about employees and relationship in the office. You have to pay for orange juice while soft drinks such as coke are free.
slow growth rate. less exposure
Inevitable cons of any big corporation
Nothing that i see so far
Product development involves large number of teams, it became challenging to move faster.
None to report for the time being
Career Management. Especially the managers in Corp are not open for talents from other parts of the world.
-too many changes -mission is focus on customer 100%, reality is a little bit different -ever since the new ticketing tool was introduces, efficiency and customer satisfaction has gone down dramatically due to overall mismanagement and an ever growing dissociation between management and stale numbers and field experience and actual feedback from frontline employees -salary needs to be adapted to current market rate -current direction in which we're moving needs to be changed, otherwise customer satisfaction as well as employee satisfaction will continue to free fall
- Work Life - Salary increases
The company has gotten REALLY big. You're just a small person in a much bigger plan.
nothing as such its fine
Lack of high intelligence and creativity stimulating projects in India offices
- Company politics - Lack of adequate coaching
nothing as such its fine
politics pressure by boss brain drain negative mindset of peers extra expecattions by society
internal politics, slow growth, too much tracking, no time for upskilling,
Don’t care users. Always cut teams arbitrarily.
Long hours and pressured environment
I have finally managed to put this chaos behind me. I have never bevore been part of a more chaotical managed team than what I had to endure during the past 12 months. Why I relocated from Germany for this job is beyond understanding. The only good thing that came from it is having Microsoft in my cv. Internal competition between units and even workloads. Our leaders force us to compete against our coworkers (for exampple modern workplace against apps and infra when it comes to SAAS or IAAS workload). Bad salary and no level adjustment to other team mates. We all have different salaries and levels for doing the same work.
Can be hard to move fast.
Internal politics, You must put extra efforts to get your work recognized
No real possibility of promotion.
Thrown into the deep end!
continuous re-orgs, hard to secure the role
Other colleagues were very stressed and in general mean towards me.
Corporate Mentality can often stifle creativity
Lots more of the same Internal competition instead of doing it together and value each other
-Weak Middle Management. -Cloud sales units are struggling (lack of ability to translate the company cloud into tangible business results). -Invisible HR. -Organization transformation into being a cloud service provider is going on so the company seem to be experimenting new business models where most people feel uncomfortable & at stake. -Career opportunities aren't clear enough, besides being limited for many profiles.
Not much guidance, you should be self-motivated, self-driven to get where you want. Nobody cares about the challenges you are going through.
Working 15 hours a day, including weekends.
Maybe job movement across geographical locations can better.
The work is really bad No scope of growth
the cons are that there are Frequent re-orgs
No as such, keep it up
Work Life balance Management is poor
Slow moving and a bit government types
Some of the projects (code base) are quite huge, so it can be hard, or even impossible, to get a grasp of everything. It depends on a team and it can be individual, but putting in extra hours is not really uncommon.
Minimum training and on boarding program for contracted employee
Heavy load on some projects.
Need more Growth opportunities. More HR innovation needed
The Inside Sales organization is a mess The Middle East and Africa (MEA) team is the biggest manifestation of that. The amount of bullying and nepotism in that team is astounding The assessment of seller's performance esp in the STU (Sales technical Unit) is positively subjective. There are cliques esp in the MEA team and certain people and nationalities have maneuvered themselves into lobbying and favored positions at the unfair expense of others. There's hardly anything technical about being in the STU SSP or TSP.
Not that I can think of
low salary and too much work
Fast paced, with an expectation that people want to move on in their career doesn't suit everyone
Compensation and benefits are not same across sites. Same team doing same job will get less for the money unless in US
- Too much red tape, it's too hard to get stuff done. - You spend half your time getting approval for anything.
Bureaucracy. you need to be in good list of manager and show off that you are stretching to your limits. Politics. People dont help, they provide partial information to keep you down. Lame HR. Your manager give you bad review to stop you from changing teams. There is no HR discussion or feedback when you leave the company.
Complex structure difficult to reach needed resources and people.
I don't fine any cons
too many bullies in management and a leadership team that is comprised of bullies
Lots of politics. Biased reviews. They give bad review in connect so that you can not change team too. If your manager gets bad rating in MS Poll, you are screwed.
2nd Grade managers. Lots of them are promoted individual contributors. Many years of service, slimy upwards, frustrated downwards. Playing manager, not being manager. Not interested in results, only in personal PR. Our weekly team meetings were exemplary for BBC's the thick of it. They usually start like: "I have met with X (team members should be impressed) and it's vital that we are visible here and here. Please produce this and this before end of business tomorrow." Team member: "But that entails a week of work with excell, I want to talk to my customers." Manager: "Prioritize this, it's important for our visibility in the organization" Team member: "All the asked information is in the crm already, and it is a problem that no one is talking to the customers in inside sales." Manager "Please stop making objections and do as your told before eob tomorrow I repleat. It that clear to everybody?". Goes on like this week after week, always about something else, but always about visibility and never about the business and performance. It is unbelievable how small a number of inside sales employees are actually talking to customers, and how toxic the management culture is. Managers are not standing for their workers, and they really don't care for the customer either. They are looking down on their workers and customers. The good people which perform, and care for the business, are considered dangerous. They are leaving as soon as they can, and they are even sacked. People who are among the top sales performers in emea are sacked because management doesn't like them.
Competitive, Hight Metrics, Free Time.
You would think working for one of the largest software developers in the world would be a blessing. I expected an agile, feedback based, open work environment and like minded culture. Boy was I wrong.  Unfortunately Microsoft Dublin is influenced by an archaic management system. Micromanagement has clearly been invented in this office. Senior managers taking pictures of people's work space when they're not sitting behind their desk. Endless spreadsheets to fill in (who needs MSX right?). A dozen internal meetings a week, and therefor no time for actual customer contact.  'Initiatives' that create visibility amongst other teams are rewarded by management. Think of colourful spreadsheets, mail merges, mass importing MSX data, and so on.. Often these endeavours only take up valuable time, create more overhead and generally demotivate people.  As Management is only interested in short term wins (Quarterly at best), calling customers is not rewarded because that implies long term relations, planning, complex engagements, etc. Instead, maintaining an inflated bubble-like pipeline full of nonsense is what is required to survive here. This has to be presented (and kept up-to-date daily) in MSX, Excel and Powerpoint all at the same time. There is no actual verification of work done and I can promise you that our pipeline is 95% FAKE and has been since I joined.  Priorities seem to shift on a weekly basis, largely depending the quality of sleep our leadership had the night before. Or maybe its the direction of the wind, who knows.  Most capable people have left or are in the process of leaving. What remains is a cyclical self serving corrupt workforce that has no intention of doing their best for Microsoft.
2nd Grade managers. Lots of them are promoted individual contributors. Many years of service, slimy upwards, frustrated downwards. Playing manager, not being manager. Not interested in results, only in personal PR. Our weekly team meetings were exemplary for BBC's the thick of it. They usually start like: "I have met with X (team members should be impressed) and it's vital that we are visible here and here. Please produce this and this before end of business tomorrow." Team member: "But that entails a week of work with excell, I want to talk to my customers." Manager: "Prioritize this, it's important for our visibility in the organization" Team member: "All the asked information is in the crm already, and it is a problem that no one is talking to the customers in inside sales." Manager "Please stop making objections and do as your told before eob tomorrow I repleat. It that clear to everybody?". Goes on like this week after week, always about something else, but always about visibility and never about the business and performance. It is unbelievable how small a number of inside sales employees are actually talking to customers, and how toxic the management culture is. Managers are not standing for their workers, and they really don't care for the customer either. They are looking down on their workers and customers. The good people which perform, and care for the business, are considered dangerous. They are leaving as soon as they can, and they are even sacked. People who are among the top sales performers in emea are sacked because management doesn't like them.
Too much Management changes
The jobs requires 50% of travel
Large, chaotic, too many cooks
There are no cons that I’m aware of
Bad management, Little communication among colleagues
- The company doesn't seem to care about employees. - You will NEED to be available for the company 24/7 and not only when you are onCall. - Management doesn't understand very basic concepts of agile. - You will be randomized, pressured and not respected during some meetings. - Pay under in relation for the local Copenhagen market.
None that I can think of
Lot's of HR and protocol to follow
Work volume really high, difficulty to advance
None as I know of
The only downside is that it pays lesser than its competitors. Since years, there has been no correction in payment.
none I can think of
the salary is not competitive compared with other company
1. Less salary compared to US 2. Not many options within current location.
This is a great company to work for.
Tech stack is often old. Quite a bit of politics.
Work load is too high.
Tech stack is often old. Quite a bit of politics.
- overlap in roles - No clear goals
nothing to have as con at microsoft
No work life balance, Late Calls
- politics more and more important
Lot of legacy code and lot of problems to deal with backward compatibility. Lot of on-call/devops work. Lot of politics.
Management is extremely bad. Managers do not listen at all to the team, it is all about their image. Management has 0 product knowledge and hence have no clue what is going on. Management is hired externally with what seems no appropriate experience for the position. Leadership is non-existent. They can not be looked up to or seen as models, as they are not knowledgeable, do not communicate, do not respect peoples time as they are always unpunctual, don’t care about the team. Management does not listen or achieve anything for the team. You feel like completely left to yourself. They are said to be people managers, but they do not inspire, encourage, motivate... It is as if management is non-existant... Very high fluctuation in the company. Good people leave (some of them try to stay for one year in order to keep the relocation money), less qualified employees are the ones who stay… The hiring process is very poor, there is no criteria for hiring, it is simply hard getting people with language skills for certain markets, so they hire randomly. There is no transparency in levels. No career opportunities, just very limited, and specially for those who play fake and nice with management, not for skilled people, but for the ones who suck it up to management. Extremely bad onboarding process. Once you start, training is equal to 0. Everything is digitalized, so the product knowledge you have to gain in order to carry out your job comes from videos. There is some mentoring from colleagues from Inside Sales, but not structured and very limited. No real training plan is made for new hires and you have to figure out yourself how you gain your knowledge. It is always said that they give you the time you need to learn, but all the learning is self-learning from videos or whatever source you find. At a given point you have to start working, no matter if you know about the product or not. The decision is just randomly made by management with no knowledge checks or whatsoever. All in all, onboarding and learning process is not structured, no knowledge checks, no coaching from management. If you start new with no product knowledge, expect to be left all to yourself and with no guidance at all. TSP role: you are the worst paid and the last involved in the selling process, with 0 communication with the team. Supposedly TSPs are to be the Microsoft reference team (with most technical knowledge) for a certain product in a market, but new hires do not get prepared for this at all, they are just dropped into that position and have to figure out all by themselves what to do, learn the product, etc. The buddy system does not work at all. When you start new you get a buddy, but he is of no use at all. He/she will not teach you anything or orient you in any way.
None to really speak of
In comparison of pros there are like not any cons in my opinion.
slowness of career advancement somecases
Higher tolarence for non-productive employees
Shifts, Poor work life balance
Politics still rules the roost and the opportunity for career growth is limited by the annual shake up and re orgs
compensation is low. work life balance is misplaced. If you are not in Engineering then, the pay is not as per market standards.
Shifting to many places is somewhat problem
Can't think of any con
Lack of Work life balance
Unstable, one can get redundant with no respect to person's professional success
Long working hours Too much attention towards diversity Toooooooo much focus on being invested into success of your colleagues
hierarchical , starting to create a lot of inner circles that influence senior leadership
tired work schedule for everyday in office
Getting promotions quickly, almost every 18 months
the work life balance , stress
Direct management without any real power to change things
Politicians still rule the management ranks. Satya has a great vision for an aspire-to culture, but the politicians use the language to their advantage to bully or get ahead at the expense of anyone they see as a threat
Big company, too many people not enough action.
Politics, progression not necessarily related to performance
For the last 10-15 years Microsoft was so happy about achievement that it didn't pay attention to a lot of products. The good news is that under new CEO culture is changing.
Org always change every year
As for backend developer, they only prefer C# language.
Working in night shift with heavy work pressure.
When you hear diversity, you think that you will be in an international environment, although 90% of the team for MEA is from Egypt( including managers) who are doing their best to hire their friends/colleagues/Coex vendors even if they are not skilled enough for the role. I have never seen a level of discrimination at this level, lobying at its finest, creating head counts from nothing to hire Egyptians, and no matter how skilled you are, how many languages you speak, how much experience you have, the hiring will end up with an Egyptian. Why showcasing diversity as one of the values if you are hiring only from one nationality ? If you are not Egyptian, do yourself a favor and avoid applying to Inside Sales MEA.
- too much of process
Too many priorities to market for, too many meetings - hard to balance work and life
You might want to count on work life balance sometimes.
Without doubt the worst level of management I've experienced in years. Granted this isn't helped by the challenges of a relatively new business segment but failure to get a layer of management who are to be taken seriously on a sales level was a failure. In addition management are working in a very politically charged environment and likely to change stance or direction as and when needed with regard to their goals.
Short term pressure not always align with long term goals
Nothing to learn there. friends are not real there
Not too many. Perhaps not enough parking spaces...
Compensation and Career opportunities are not good. Exploring opportunities in international offices require you to reach level 62 , which takes atleast 4-5 years for a new joinee (software engineer)
Too Technically actually no cons
Very much glass ceiling for women in every field but marketing.
Long working hours, Late night calls Managers will look at all possible ways to get more than what you can provide
I have no cons about MS.
- noisy work environment - hard to work with HR
It's totally manager driven organization. Manager's perception matters a lot and if manager is not able to support you, choice becomes limited for your growth.
Expectations of your performance are high. High pressure with aggressive targets and KPIs. Because you are able to work from anywhere at any time, you tend to work more than you should.
A lot of politics as in every big company
I joined this company considering i will be working for IDC but now they have merged IDC and IT so if you get an offer which mention as you are employed for IDC please ask if the group was in IT before. They interviewed me for Software engineer 2 position , but the work they have given is for service engineer be very careful before making decision, don't make mistake just because of Microsoft name.
Montonous after a while, slow growth, night calls for India
Salary growth might be less as compared to other companies
Unrealistic targets, sometimes rushed delivery for the sake of meeting the budget
Diversity is low. Everyone comes from the same "factory" a lot due to recruiting policies and guidelines. A company that is more engineering driven and and such other professionals such as designers, data, etc are with limited life-spam.
Work outside the Redmond office is not valued as much, even if you produce more. Some teams and maybe entire orgs may have toxic culture (the remnants of Balmer era). This is being fixed but some parts are moving way too slowly.
Team fit is often unpredictable, Too many meetings, Some Managers don't know how to do their job (the transition from developer is rough).
Rewards process, terrible values, lack of good mid-management.
Nothing I can think of.
Career Opportunities are limited
1. Relatively less compensation 2. Projects sometimes don't end up in production. This is fair given that it is a Research lab
Sometimes outdated internal technology and tools
Many decision makers are still based out of Redmond
Huge size of the teams. Less to learn.
tight schedule and management pressure
Tall targets, lot of pressure
dfdsfsd ifh uh iqdf oij oij oiqhfqu .
Co-workers might not be as talented as you might have thought. Managers are sometimes clueless and don't have control over development efforts No Badminton court :(
There appears to be some shady politics in the local office. There’s a lot of emphasis on “internal selling” over getting great results. More disturbingly, recently I’ve seen some good people who appeared to be performing well suddenly disappear without explanation. Also some promotions of people who don’t necessarily have the right skills but do have the right internal connections. This should not be happening in a meritocracy.
Politics can make your job really tough. No guidance by guidance. Many people are fired even top performers.
very busy, no time to self study, just troubleshoot on the go
like every other companies, politics do exists.
like every other companies, politics do exists.
None. Job i good and work culture is awesome
no siginificant cons that i came across.
Work life balance Career opportunities Promotion Onsite opportunities
Most of people is overwhelmed of work, so you need to keep the stress under control
Slower growth Less learning in most teams
It is very hard for me to find arguments because I only look for the positive side of things
Yet to find any. No company is perfect. Microsoft is by far best company I've worked for.
Microsoft product teams are all about deploying the right solutions for the customer. However the Consulting Services organization demands that their staff deploy solutions that increase billable time. When challenged we're told not to think but do what we're told and that revenue is more important than the deploying the right solution. Utilization based incentives drive the wrong behavior. When engagements are completed in a fraction of the time allocated, we are told to perform work slower otherwise we'll be fired.
They tend to hire a lot of outsourcing employees in order to avoid giving the full benefits to all the workforce. It's a great place to learn about tech industry and about complex companies.
None that I can think of.
Law salaries compare to other IT companies
Burocracy, a lot of travelling.
Long procedures which get in the way
At times, some typical work politics, common everywhere. Might get stuck to a particular work and in that case could be hard to move into other streams.
Toxic and political culture top-down, no empowerment, nepotism and favoritism, turned into a career end for many excellent people over the past 2 years. Push out people with tenure. Bullying and harasment all over the place. Ibm culture brought nothing good. Customers pick and choose competitions more and more
work life balance is problem at MS.
Confused priorities. Office politics. Managers indulge in favoritism.
Too many managers to report to
I didn't find any cons.
complex company with complex internal processes
Stagnant environment, don't use their own products internally
Long interview Process , Work life balance
Go to wlrk at weekends
Salary is a bit less considering Microsoft
Nothing for improvement Everything is good
Growth might not be as good other companies
Slower Growth rate in comparison to the others
Good company policy Good Infra Free Food and snacks Transport Maternity/Paternity Leaves Gim etc..
Can be difficult to sustain.
people (in MS Japan) tend to work on their holidays
None at all it's impossible
customers, low pay, training, spaces are limited for employee to study
no cons in this comp
1. If you are in services then your work life balance will be hell. 2. Some teams have lot of politics
Expensive part of the city
None I can think of
Hiring team sucks, they hire most stupid person.
The team is very small, hence less growth opportunities.
part of a very big machine, sometimes certain issues take a while to be resolved.
Hiring team sucks, they hire most stupid person.
Salary, work and life balance
Nothing I can call out to be honest
* Monotonous work for long time
It was not great for a new college hire
Microsoft is no longer cool with consumers.
not a whole lot to complain about really. grrat team great people
Process oriented especially in IT, less personal growth
Microsoft Canada is like a parody of what a company should be. It's full of people who are deeply bitter that they aren't working in the US, and are trying everything they can to work their way to the US HQ. In my time here, my manager told us to lie about our work to corporate and fudge numbers to make them look good.  When I protested, I was told that I "wasn't a team player", and "didn't understand how Msft worked". I got out quick, and I would never want to work for a company that rewards sociapaths and liars quite as blatantly as Msft Canada does.  What's even funnier is the kool-aid drinkers in the office, who walk around telling you how "lucky" you are to work for Msft. These folk - most of whom have never worked anywhere else - are typically the ones working overtime to cover up the messes they make when the E&Y audit emails come in.  I came from one of the FAANG companies, and I deeply regret thinking that Microsoft might have changed.
Uptil now I haven't faced anything
No Cons, compensation can be higher
Not all employees are treated the same
1. Incumbent driven - takes time to settle in and start performing good
Still siloed in patches and would love to see more speed in every market facing actions.
-Management: It has been written before and I can only confirm that the so called "Leadership team" is a circus here in Inside Sales. Everyone is talking about leadership but it is non existent. Starting from bottom to the top… Most of them were hired externally so they don’t live the Microsoft culture, don’t listen to feedback and clearly lie to you. People at the end of the chain love the company and what Satya is doing, they just totally disagree with what is going on in the management levels in Dublin. Turnover rate is increasing steadily and of course good people leave, lazy unqualified people stay. - Level and salary: When you join Microsoft you will find a career level in your profile which is important for your future development (every hiring manager asks for your level). Unfortunately levels are inconsistent and it seems like they randomly give you a level…it has nothing to do with your experience. Thanks to this the recruiting ruined several careers of the people here. The salary is also linked to levels so there automatically is a huge unfairness between people. It is quite obvious that people who started earlier are paid less. Leadership team knows about it but does nothing! - Targets/KPI: absolutely intransparent and when it comes to your yearly performance review you get a random rating because your manager has no clue anyway. Cheers!
There are really no cons
Too much workload sometimes and the management is not so great
Sometimes few processes are time taking
Politics is the most unproductive problem at the organisation.
Burocratic To many internal reviews, Brazil Sub not in HQ strategy
nothing bad, this is a great company
I didn't find any cons as such but again it depends from team to team.
Salaries could have been better
You expect some knowledge and commitment from all the people, but the hiring process doesn't seem so effective. The people's mindset is: "if this doesn't impact my metrics, why should I do it" Some people lack of collaboration skills. Most of the projects can't be done effectively because of bureaucracy
Slow, process oriented, and still very individualistic
Has a bit of a "not built here, not good enough mindset" though that's changing a lot. You tend to develop a "Microsoft only" skill-set (less of an issue in Azure)
Interracial culture Lack Of Lunch Provision
American management philosophy Sometime arbitrary bonuses when dealt a bad hand (Read customer/business area/product to manage. They are not all created equal)
Relatively small commercial business in the UK
Low on compensation and benefits
Very slow promotion track now
-A lot of first time managers who are out of their depth and haven't a clue. -Overall management team extremely poor and a serious lack of communication and direction from all levels of management. They simply do not care about their teams. You are a number on a spreadsheet. -The role definition and associated tasks change on a weekly basis based on management whims, and usually involves admin and nothing remotely technical. -This is not a technical role, more business development and admin. -Huge gap in salary between new hires and current employees, no clarity on this or interest in giving parity to people who have been working there for a number of years. -You spend your day doing other peoples jobs because they have hired so many non tech people with no appreciation for the help you provide. -Too many layers of people between you and the customer, the sales structure is a mess and nobody knows what they are meant to be doing. -Inside Sales org is a complete mess. -No career progression.
- One of the low salaried firms in IT - You might have to follow the process as it has grown to big, sometimes feel unnecessary
Still relatively new to MS so this may be unfair but technical career path/ladder isn't clear.
The job has nothing to do with the expectations you have as a technical enabler. It is a shame that you cannot do the job you suppose to do. You are more a glorified administrator to keep managers happy on unclear metrics. HQ has a clear vision and strategy which revolves about a growth mindset and enable your customers to achieve more. That mission is not carried out by the management in Dublin what so ever. It is horrid to see how great talent goes because of bad leadership. Also, the number of useless meetings is a waste of your time and distracts you from the actual job you are hired for solving technical problems.
Hierarchy management operational some people
Customer facing roles have far too much turnover. Customer technical support is atrocious and no one from Services management team appear to care. Too many managers and not enough leaders. Many Managers ineffective, non-responsive and too focused on internal business rather than customer satisfaction.
Management of the technicians is insulting and like a dictatorship. The managers has lack of any knowledge. Can not do schedule management correctly.
Some red tape that comes with big companies
process driven, salary merit increase is not high
Aggressive software development culture without industry best practices.
poor commission structure if not performing at the highest levels. they talk of no bell curve but they just use a different version of a curve.
Not found any something specific to tell you here
poor management and no career progression
A lot of people for each project. Can sometimes slow the rate of getting things done.
Critical pieces of every product is developed in US. IDC gets only small pieces Frequent re-orgs hamper growth
Becoming more focused on improving managerial skills than technical skills.  No real mentors provided.  More networking less work.
The MTE team is not an engineering team.
No much learning. Less design work.
Nothing as such to talk about.
like always no enough Parking
Highly political organization Hierarchical and Bureaucratic in operations Myopic in Strategy
Nothing as of now till the time I have joined
Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
-no cons of working in a company like microsoft
-Unfair: People with the same experience and/or the same nationality are not treated equally. Every manager is not aligned with each other. As an example (of hundreds): some managers allow some remote working while others not.  -Salary: They are rude about your performance, they really don't care if you perform well or not. Some people with less experience are paid much higher. Some really good people that are here since almost two years are still less paid than new hires (because they have realized that the salary was too low compared to the market, but they don't want to fix the situation for the old employees.)  -Disrespectful: By paper and in theory, as a TSP you should be one of the most valuable people in sales. You can architect, design and solve technical problems. Nurture the customer with your knowledge, make him happy showing how magical is the cloud. Unfortunately, nothing about this happens. Not only you are the one who is less paid, (but everybody is looking for your help), but also they don't allow you to work properly. You are assigned tasks that go against the client and against your duties, some even against the duties of your colleagues. Everybody here has personal KPIs, metrics, and targets. You as a TSP not. If you perform very well or very poor it would not make any difference in your salary. The few KPIs that are assigned to you are made by people who don't understand what is your job and how you can do it. (For example, they pretend that you have a very high Social Selling Index on LinkedIn, impossible as we don't perform any management activity with accounts). Do you want to deliver an excellent presentation in person for a really good opportunity? Some managers allow this while others not.  You have told them a lot of times that there are a lot of problems here. We have done surveys, hundreds of meetings, and a lot of official communication but they pretend each time that they are not aware of the situation and they will "fix" this asap. After two years nothing changed.  -Career: There isn't any career development plan after two years. Everybody here has an opportunity to grow (example: ISR to AE to Manager). You don't have and they don't think about it. Do you want to apply outside Inside Sales? Better not tell him that you work in this department, otherwise, they will not even look at you as they are fully aware of the situation here and the number of unnecessary people that work in this department.  -Training: We have really good people at Microsoft that could teach us the technology behind this company. But no. Training is provided by colleagues that got expertise from other colleagues and so on, all of them from Inside Sales. It is a recycle of old knowledge.
nothing cons about it and advice to join it
None that I can think of
None i can think of.
Occasional on-call work is disruptive to my normal schedule
Quite tough. Sometimes customers would challenge that none of Microsoft's product is No. 1. Say, cloud is second to Amazon. Database is second to Oracle.
Free time and more money
People who thought they're the hottest
Poor management - lack of real leaders Lack of career progression Makes everything complicated Management have club mentality
Too much competition, Large Org
so far I have no cons
Insufficient training, conflicting key performance indicators
Internal politics creates dampness and sourness in the environment within.
Work life balance is not great.
Management is unable to transform
Management is unable to transform
We have managers not taking responsibility for their decisions, repeatedly ignoring advise from their teams, asking their teams to fix things themselves and then not support them just to do the same thing again, ignoring other business units due to what can only be described as personal feuds over some petty issues a long time back.  Goals being defined without KPIs. KPIs pulled out of a manager's or director's backside since they are so wrong it almost hurts.  Being lied to, pitted and played against each other within the team, the STU and other parts of Inside Sales.  MS Poll, loads of emails how important our feedback is and how seriously they will take it and then nothing. Theyignore the low salary bases when compared to the competition, flexible work arrangements when compared to other parts of the business, especially outside Inside Sales (pun intended).  Did I mention the lack of a career path?  The list goes on but what's the point.
less pay as compared to other companies
Pace can be beyond fast, some budget decisions are illogical
The Program was eventually scrapped due to a strategic change in the company direction.
external learning not paid for, consulting path is underdeveloped and delivery not managed as systematic as other consulting firms would do
Food here is not good and moreover one has limited per day food coupon.
Big organization which is tightly KPI driven. No space to maneuver. Company is currently under big restructuring which means large shifts when fiscal year changes.
There is no bad side.
Work Life balance sometimes challenging
Work Life balance sometimes challenging
BIG Micromanagement system, Inside sales HRM is a joke, the traditional inside sales rep earns more than an account executive....
Support work , no dev work
Large company, bureaucracy, heavy managerial structure
Base pay might be lower than other companies in the same salary range (Amazon, etc.). Might have to work with legacy code (team dependent) that isn't state-of-the-art.
Hardware accessories supply is not satisfactory.
Technical Driven. Low on Salary
Nothing as such but you have to get too much marks as a fresher to enter
It's a very stressful job
Boring work. Most of the people around are technically average. Not a place for CS guys who want to work on something meaningful.
Bad work-life balance. Too much pressure.
No cons for this company
I can not remember any
Highly competitive people, salary package not competitive.
too politics and turf wars
none from my side
You don`t really get to grow professionally, and being in such a big company, they don`t make full use of their resources. Also, you always have the threat of someone deciding to cut the whole team one year.
i am in a group with too little PMs
Not good for internal promotions.
Have Work Life Balance Problem
Cannot find a con in working as of now.
I dont find any Cons in this organisation.
graveyard shift, workload, time consuming, OT,
Frequent re-orgs in the company
Too big to allow anyone to make a mark.
Its not technical. I was told that its easy to change domains within Microsoft but thats not the case.
Stay away from Inside Sales if you are a technical person, forget about coding, software, architectures, networking, science, ecc..."technical" here means "which button shall I press" or "which services are covered in this plan". Totally humiliating and frustrating.  TSPs are the less paid in the organization and the more knowledgeable, ridiculous.  70% of the people are waiting one year before leaving to not give the relocation bonus back because you have no options in other MS departments as they hire TSP with graduate levels. The 30% left are people who were not technical before and they have to thank God that they have been hired by some sort of miracle (aka low level and superficial interviews) and have now a job at Microsoft, perfect fit for the role.  They say "it's still good to have Microsoft on your CV"..ABSOLUTELY WRONG! If you are going for a tech role people don't care if you have worked here but only about your skills and what can you do, and in Inside Sales as TSP you learn NOTHING and actually forget about the tech stuff you knew before joining. But if you want to stay in the sales world it's just fine.  Said that, the company is great, TSP role in Enterprise is great, and other departments and the CEO are super cool...it's just Inside Sales Dublin that is a terrible mistake they have been keeping carry on for more than 2 years now...what a waste of money.
A little slow to change
Slow career growth compared to start upsWork
I didn’t found any cons
Hard working experience and a better confidence level for this area of work
American style which leads to rapid turn over
The company is not developers-oriented. If somebody in HR decides to move all people from one building to another, nobody is even going to ask if you like it or not. Each department is like a separate company, it's hard to do something together for the greater good. People are afraid of taking responsibility.
A little slow to change
need to work over time
Its very challenging job .
Very political and not enough career prospects
Poor quality technology stack. Slow moving software & tools, but fast expectations. Poor quality talent within the organization. Medieval methods of retaining employees - too many team outings, too many hours of meetings per week, expectation to work 24 X 7, plus, hostile behavior by managers. They work only on legacy projects, since new projects are difficult to monetize. Projects are poorly implemented by their sub standard employees. Even non .NET technologies (like front end technologies) they use are at least 5 years behind the times. In other words, a perfect place to spoil career.
Poor upper management and new hotdesking
Nothing as such on the Cons side
Lots and lots of policy changes in services org leading to undetermined growth plan of an employee.  Services org is full of internal politics.  Work life balance in services is not so good in almost every project with frequent meetings in odd/late timings and very tight sometimes unrealistic deadlines.
Its a big company, may be daunting to some...
- I dont see any Cons, if you are not able to find right things.. its our fault only
Better canteen, better car park system in the new building.
Manager but i believe that is unusual in MS
Compensation can be little tricky for lateral hires
Not that I can think of
might be good to work for Microsoft in US, but not so great in other regions. The far from US/Western Europe, the less connection to the company's culture you feel.
The management is an absolute joke here. I'm referring especially to the STU senior leadership team, starting from M1 up to Director level.... They don't take you serious, complaints are ignored, no reaction to bad poll results, a lot of lies from direct managers. As a result we have a super high fluctuation...everyone is just waiting for the first year to end so that it's not necessary to pay back the relocation bonus.  Inside Sales is a source of cheap labour, no chance of getting a promotion, no change in salary despite increasing living costs (especially rent!!!!) every month. Opportunities to move are non-existent. I tried to move out of Inside Sales several times, every application got rejected or the Hiring Manager never answered my mails... ridiculous!
I dont see any for now
No comments to be honest
In the Spanish subsidiary people were working from home from Sunday after lunch Job required mostly throughput
IDC not as great work as US, Long term growth not that great if you are not 'liked'
The working environment, communication of the company must be improved
Company is still not as evelpoed as compared to its competitors
a lot of administrative pressure that triggers sometimes frustration amongst employees
Not very good cross peer collaboration, and strong attrition metrics make it a "all by myself" environemt where you can not trust your colleagues.
RELATIVELY Slow growth in the company
too much coding in the office
Horrible work in some teams
Horrible work in some teams
- RO site manager feels like he's cutting as much as he can from benefits to help the bottom line - upper management totally oblivious about employee struggles and keep spouting the "we are nr 1" slogan - HR is a total and complete mess - depending on the team you work with, there can be several offsite and international training events or none at all - hard to decipher internal procedures and requirements
Not Applicable Cons to report
Nothing love the environment and people there.
Not too good projects. Average Pay. Politics. Senior Management is not good. Lacks vision in most of projects
Low Perks as Compared to others
your training is on the job. Don't expect to find someone to take your hand and go step by step.
1. Very bureaucratic. 2.
Sometimes becomes stresful due to late night calls
They pay decent but are not master payer in the market.
slow pay rise, classic US company
High work pressure, Not challenging job
could open up the play anywhere titles
Slow promotions. Need to wait log for promotions to happen.
most of the senior people are working here from somany years and with fixed mind set
Large org can be challenging to navigate outside of your core group.
Microsoft is best part time duty job
Hectic due to night calls
Sales Driven, Large and Multi-functional Teams requires a lot of internal communication
Focus, Clarity, Grip, Culture, Ethics
Visibility in or across the team
- Not many advancement opportunities - Sometimes long work hours
A little bit slow reaction
Nimble change in the resources blueprint to support the business dilutes stability
The work is very interesting .
Shifting global strategy - consumer goods department slowly disappearing Most marketing efforts are now centralized / automized - which makes it a better place for business and technical jobs but not for marketing anymore High difference between permanent positions and temporary positions in terms of resources, trainings, benefits and career prospects Culture highly based on pro-activity, autonomy --> therefore, no focus on tranings neither career advice for junior positions Poor internal communication - slows down processes Short-term attitude, no real effort on understanding problems in depth Poor alignment with global values and culture
Too many People wich lack skills acording their position
* Work is not engaging sometimes. * Bureaucracy is rampant and merit can be overshadowed. * Starting salary is not great compared to other places.
don't know don't know don't know don't know don't know
Compensation might not look competitive
It is difficult to promote
Ill give you all the hours desired ..but im very stubborn and tent to not like weekends
Management is absolute flaming garbage, they don't admit their mistakes and very micromanagement oriented, as a technical resource you have to do activities as forecasting, review of a powerpoint every other week with no insight of what is actually happening of deals. Opportunities to move are below 0, forget about being promoted, getting a raise regardless of what you do, you are trapped by levels so you can't move into other jobs in Microsoft Heavily underpaid for professionals.
Didn't found any cons here.
Re orgs happen frequently. May not always get a chance to work on cutting edge technology
A lot of heavy politics, competitive, HR is non-supportive, work pressure
If you work for an unimportant site, your job might be at risk.
Enterprise So you can't learn much more
Extremely hard career growth. Very slow salary growth. Too much politics.
i love to work in big company like iy
Re orgs happen frequently. May not always get a chance to work on cutting edge technology
i love to work in big company like iy
People work long hours and expect you to do the same
- Work life balance is OK, but still not aligned with danish IT market. - The salary is a bit below with the standard IT danish market, but expectations are above. - Many people are "informally" required to be on 24/7 from time to time (including Christmas holidays, Easter, etc.), with a low extra pay. - There is a lot of legacy code, and a lot of code is bought from external comapnies, or it is outsourced and then integrated in the products, which makes the code base very hard to read and poorly written. - All the work going on is always secondary, where the main things are going on in the US or in other countries. This also means that Microsoft Copenhagen may not survive for a long time. - The engineering work is pretty much bug fixing and some small enhancements. There is little space for innovation, and innovating requires diving into the huge bureaucracy. - Software and people management is complex, so everything moves very slowly. - The company enforces a 6 month review where employees are evaluated by managers and coleagues. This is well known to generate a toxic competitive environment with a lot of hypocritical people. - Too many management changes. - High turnover rate, because of many people quitting and because of many firing. - The company mood, work life balance and benefits are gradually dropping. - People are not that smart. There are excellent people, but the average level is not that impressive. - People are maintenance-oriented instead of being engineering-oriented.
So far I have nothing to complain about.
Everything there is the best
Less onsite changes to work or move to new role outside region Internal Politics
-Lots of reminder ,don’t follow the severity level at all especially if u have a case with the Indian team -They send not working hotfix to have more time investigating -U feel that the functional and technical are loaded with other issues -They try as much as possible to assign the cases as advisory so u pay additional or consume u payments ,and try as much as possible to prove it -No quality control after u send bad feedbacks no reply -They commit the client to retrieve the error if they cannot the case will be closed -Enforce client to provide the data source and model store regardless of legal aspects and sensitive information, they refuse to work on customer prepared environment Microsoft release cheap Erp and don’t invest generally in R&D,they get all feedback from customers issue and release hot fixes , not professional like oracle and SAP
Worst management you can deal with, very tight version and slave you as you are foreigner with stamp one to be under pressure for 2 years
Work load, Pressure and rude behavior of colleagues.
Bad management. Leadership team don't know what to do Politics everywhere Salary cannot compete with local internet giants
Very poor management structure, and extremely hierarchical A social side is non existent No clear guidance on role remit or direction of the team The MACH program is given an inflated sense of importance, but role satisfaction is non-existent The performance management system is absurd Expectation setting could not be more unclear Onboarding for your role does not exist, so it is practically impossible to succeed
there is no bad areas.
i enjoy the time that i play role in Microsoft
It might seem like a lot of work in the beginning. But don't give up. Just enjoy the process
Fee, Far away frome my home , cold weather ,
- No commissions on won deals you supported
none, its a great company
Work balance self work balance time
no job stability and poor HR services
Nothing to say at this moment.
Hierarchical organisation, quite political, old school sales people and management styles
not enough training to do the job properly
- Average salaries make it not very competitive in the market
Office politics is too much. Favoritism is happening which is bad.
Stress is high Managers are very arrogant Too much work to do Promotions take time Hard to change roles with in company
you may be layoff anytime
Mobbing is common and HR is not protecting you against, there is no agility in the organisation, too many internal control systems
Better pay and benefits to compete with same industry market
Slightly repetitive tasks. Not a very competitive salary.
Slightly repetitive tasks. Not a very competitive salary.
I have not found anything
Work quality has diluted a lot in recent time due to their hiring policy. Most managers don’t have enough knowledge, especially someone working in AI. There are lot better places in India to grow.
The kind of work you get depends on the team and its manager which may not be fair always.
None really, I had a decent time there.
Being a vendor is very hard
Toxic culture in marketing. Poor leadership. Nepotism is rampant. Lots of kool aid drinking, navel gazing, self gratification, and self promoting. Crazy hours are too often the norm rather than the exception.
Work-Life balance is hard to achieve
It's still a big company. Bureaucracy can be tedious and inconsistent. There are still pockets of the "Old Microsoft".
impact is decided by leadership
Visibility is required always for the anual review.
Disclaimer: This is from 2014, things may have changed now.  Little slow to catch the pulse of the industry.
Challenging sometimes to finish the giventask
To many changes and re-orgs
Where to begin?  After working in sales for more than a decade involving various enterprise level roles, I can safely say that I have never witnessed such a disorganized, poorly executed and inexperienced sales team.  As a whole we are over staffed and under trained. Everyone lacks depth. There is no passion for anything Microsoft does. Rather than being knowledgeable within my field, I'm asked to skip any and all training and simply 'be present and be seen' by the rest of the team. Are you kidding me?  We are expected to deliver on targets that are unattainable. In every team meeting we are told we 'are so far behind our target' and yet, when the quota's came in for the last quarter, we actually made target completely? Wow! I can do this all year! And then wonder why there is no heart in any of it.  Did I mention we don't have KPI's? As a senior sales executive, I have no idea what I am actually being held accountable for. Mind you, this team has been existence for more than a year now.  All in all Microsoft Sales is heavily channel driven and little input delivered by inside sales is of actual value. We're told things will change but all in all in feels like a huge waste of time and frankly I should have never joined this circus.
Lots of travel Complex organization, hard to navigate
there are quite a few org changes in the recent org changes, but pretty much needed ones
No major issues to write.
Sometimes work is a bit hectic
Too political, no different than any other corporate job
Too political, no different than any other corporate job
Priorities change from fiscal year to fiscal year. Uncertainty at times. Not many senior technical role opportunities outside of Redmond.
Slow reaction on market changes
Challenging timelines and daunting tasks. Pressure is high.
Can get lost sometimes, big pond lots of fish.
Like most large companies, politics does get into the way.
none as far as my knowledge
Change is not always joined up in such a large organisation so that the direction of different business units can be competing. Management is doing better at rationalising this but still more work to do.
Benefits could be slightly better
no cons is there everyrhing is perfect
- office far from city centre
Some times old legacy code, procedure to complete a task
Nothing as of now so far
Bureaucracy , big corporation, slow adapters
hierarchical, still an old management style
- pressure to keep up with high standards
Management promoted on technical skills rather than leadership skills. Stack ranking (now abolished) was very negative for offices outside Redmond
Communication channels are long Transparency and vision is absent in some part of the organization Too much focus on ego and unfortunately less on teams Same managers get promoted to new roles with same old type of thinking.
Bureaucratic, political, closed mindset, hypocrisy
Too much travel, Disadvantage of working from satellite location.
Not a strategic role for Microsoft, so less consideration and career progression, and salary is in the low range compared to overall Microsoft employees
Since it's a huge company it is very hard to be recognizes for out of the ordinary performance.
This is specific to MSIT->Professional Services aka CFE Department 1. Worst Quality of Code i have ever seen in my entire career. 2. Extremely unstructured work environment, no guidance or clarity of role. 3. Outdated, Obsolete and Legacy technologies used 4. Too much focus on only microsoft technologies, Managers/Architects(Namesake) do not care about anything outside microsoft. 5. lot of Politics and bootlicking 6. For level 62 and beyond very tough to survive beyond 2 years. Hire and Fire Policy 7. Rather than focussing on Improving the code quality and all the folks are interested only in creating Impact (sick and tired of this word IMPACT) 8. Engineering Leads - it's a shame to call them engineers
Hours are a bit long sometimes
Too big politics org structure
Employee who is silent and doesn't get involved in arguments even if he / she is excellent performer they will be easy target for getting chosen to be thrown out during the year end appraisal.
no cons upto now what i have seen
Politics future planning compensation competition
Didn’t realize there are many corruptions after I left the company and have the information from partners. I believe one caused by personal greed, and also low salary compare range compare to the same industry players. Other most noticeable thing was very silo management.
Perfect excellent beautiful amazing experience
Not Challenging Work, Not good growth
The pros far supersede any cons.
less compensation and more work
(Brazil) Lack of resources and bad work/life balance. Several internal processes.
In some scenarios have a lot of processes
tight schedule, heavy workload, too many overtime.
Salary is not very competitive
Less time for family and overburden
pay is low and they dont appreciate you enough
Very little, you are encouraged to further your own career.
Really big company so lots of competing projects
It can be difficult to navigate your next step for growth, although many managers do make time for career development discussions.
Very little, you are encouraged to further your own career.
Low pay compared to other big firms
The working days are too long and night shifts is very dangerous
low salary, no promotion opportunities and the position is not that interesting. while I was trying to implement more progress processes, I encountered objections.
Nothing in particular, improved compensation
stress, politic, high turnover rate
fewer trainings, moslty microsoft tech used in majority of the projects
Major engineering team in US can grow outside
None as of now from my understanding
Still a mahmoth beast. Loads of old school people around who just dont get it.
There are no major cons
.Net / c# / Microsoft stack only.
Too much time wasted on politics instead of doing the right thing per customers needs. Moving too slow compared to the market.
A big company with relevant outcome
Not always 'One Microsoft'
A bit slower in terms of execution
every thing is good, i think.
No cons as such, good place to work at
Internal processes can get in the way of performing and executing on business
growth opportunity is limited lot of number pressure
Lots of changes constantly - which results in redundancies
Stressed day, too many hours
Location is out of capital
Work/life balance does not exist if you work in the field Regional management is not assembled by the people originating in the region, mostly western European with lack of understanding of the local market
Company work is very slow.
On a higher level the total compensation of a few competitive companies is a bit more.
Work pressure, salary may not competitive to some of the local employers
Re-orgs can mean shuffling around teams, and work productivity goes down
Payment is not the best
Work is not challenging enough in a few teams and can feel mundane
Hiring decisions sometimes not understandable.
Low transparency with regards to what you are supposed to do in Inside Sales, nothing technical only sales perspective and vision. It's great for anyone who wants to develop in a Sales position but not for the people with technical background that want to develop in the same area.
Very busy to keep up with.
I have good skills in programing and networking
very politically correct so be prepared to earn less if youre a man
Danish office felt like the cheesiest pizza place. I had to work on public holidays, vacations, between Christmas and New Year. As a Consultant, I worked places without heating, sat on a wooden chair for months, payed full price at stores for lunch..
Nothing really, need to work on work life balance
Not the most lucrative role within microsoft and not the hot track within Microsoft
The work in this role (in the Skype Products team) was generally pretty dull
Small part of a large team
There is politics amidst people.
Not every team has good work
Data entry monitization software tecnical
I FOUND NO CONS FOR THIS COMPANY
Government office style management, key to rise is to show off and make noise.
very bad people management. no good internal career growth opportunities. for a fresher it is very difficult to make his / her career if managers are not supportive.
Nigh-shift is challenging. Workload is more.
Growth is in Azure related IT infrasture and the hardware side of the business is losing focus.
Some rules restrict me from doing what is really important for customers
Huge product teams , reorganise
Nothing at all to speak of
Dinosaurs, not ready for big move, taxation, salary
Nothing I can think of, really.
Limited growth opportunities Nothing more Nothing more
can't think of anything. So far so good.
Sometimes you may end up working with different tooling and programming language, than you thought or was told at the interview (though not that many options here and it may be temporary). As in all companies of this age you may encounter quite an amount of legacy code.
- My features were not very interesting (technologically) - The dev team had too many developers, to my opinion, which led to a poor learning curve for a new developer - No personal attention from seniors in the team - Too much politics
moving slow, moving slow, moving too slow...
moving slow, moving slow, moving too slow...
None so far minus the normal work politics
Nothing as such. My experience was awesome
there no cons or there was nothing bad about Microsoft. only the salary was a bit low
If you have the right manager
Less amount of salaries and utillity
Internal politics , Lacks good managership
Uncertainty, customer last, scorecard only priority, more show than do
The Constant Change and Growth
There is no cons of this company.
Lower salaries then Facebook/Google. You need to pay for your food. New Management without propoer training. Not much of clarity of processes. Can get frusrating sometimes.
Huge corporate - too much process, politics & e-mails for me, coming from startup
Management could be better trained
You do not get much opportunity to work for some exciting or brain storming problems at Dynamcics CRM IDC.
long hours, expect to work there over weekends
office politics, lack of agility
- This review is for Microsoft China for the position based out of Shanghai. Now the China entity is not as global as you would assume Microsoft would be. There is a language issue in the office and most people find it difficult conversing in English.
1. Lousy salaries 2. Stock option tied to relationship with managers for the most part. 3. Unwilling to" turn on a dime"
No challenges Poor job security Staffed with many agency employees who are treated way-way worse than full-time employees Lots of colleagues who are not experts of their field Hard to move within the company Overcomplicated processes Diversity and inclusion is enforced so strictly it becomes comical
Some internal projects are lack of efficiency with limited business impact.
quick changement of structure per year, and position deleted
The list just goes on and on! Will just try to summarize the top few items. 1. The salary: Never go by what the recruiter tells you. You may end up getting less than what your previous salary was. The bonus component is included in your CTC, and on an average you get only 50% of it. 50% - really Microsoft??? Which company does that! The problem is that the Recruiter blatantly lies that you will get 100% of it at least. When this money is 20% of your salary - you can figure out what deviation it makes. Now - it it was just me, it would be fine. But, many people said the same thing! Coincidence? 2. Excessive bureaucracy: There is no respect for developers in this place. Mainly because the work quality below par and any average developer who is willing to work hard can succeed here. Smart people are totally unwelcome. Good ideas are totally unwelcome! 3. Quality of work: This is just the place if you want to fix bugs in JavaScript! Or maybe if you want to spend your time figuring out how to write XML for using their horrendous internal framework. The best someone could tell me was they wrote some queries on Hive (in 2017 someone telling me that Hadoop is latest technology can only tickle a funny bone!). 4. Promotions: Boss relies on "I feel" rather than on real data. 5. No 1:1s with managers: In my first 5 months with my manager - there was only ONE 1:1. In that 1:1 - another person (my peer) was sitting with my manager. I repeat - the title for the discussion was 1:1!! Kudos!  In short - this is a perfect place to lose touch with coding skills (unless you consider writing XMLs or poorly written javascript as coding).
In my area there was not many opportinities for growth
Lack of collaboration between teams
Work depends too much on team. Somewhat difficult to change teams
A lot of standing involved
nothing came across till now
* not much ownership given/[cant be taken] * slow moving/ less agile.
Long hours standing on your feet. Low wages in the retail shops. Loyalty programs not in place No major discounts or promotions
Work Life Balance, Poor Preparation for the role, no team working!!!  :-( Every FTE is hired as an "Individual Contributor" and has too many competitors inside the company, and even inside the same team.
highest salary, please minimize the salary range
Unable to find any. uNABLE TO FIND ANY.
Work Life Balance, Poor Preparation for the role, no team working!!!  :-( Every FTE is hired as an "Individual Contributor" and has too many competitors inside the company, and even inside the same team.
changing organizational structure, limited career development opportunities
Fast and furious working style. Always moving forward. Fail fast and learn fast . Ever changing organization to catch up with business motion
Too bureaucratic. lots of lengthy reviews. also, internal data/ analytics is mixed so you may spend a lot of time reviewing unreliable data.
Managers are quite arrogant.
Make rules to fire you They hate people with disabilities If you not performing at 500% you gone Their Policies are worth nothing
Huge company, it can be hard to know who to talk to sometimes
too much internal politics for career development
politically motivated individuals trying to protect their turf.
need to develop patience to work here. that is best i feel.
There's no downsides in this and I dint see one either if there's one I don't like it and I don't wanna give one
Some hours are long and dreadful, scheduling is prioritized for those who are in good terms with the HR manager.
- Still some groups are very hierarchical, top down management is the norm - No career opportunity if you are in a small satellite office outside Redmond - Lots of politics - The middle management only makes pressures and try to make the numbers look good upwards. They have little interest to build great products. - Very high fluctuation (in my team 10 people left in a less than a year) - Constant re-orgs
Re-org recently with vague organization goal
They are expecting you to invest long hours and stay late at the office
The internal politics from Ballmer days are still lingering in most departments, Satya has made great progress but until the old management is fully cleaned out this will continue to be a problem. The other con is getting something done without precedent, this takes so long that most FTEs just don't put the effort into it anymore and accept it as status quo. Big company, slow moving.
Too many region headcounts. Not enough field sales
Location of office is very isolated
Timing Timing Timing Timing Timing
quotes are different in every quarter
sometimes too beurocratic and too much control
Too many old guys. Too much office politics.
The work was not permanet work,and after five years the whole project has been stopped suddenly,by the employer
Poor implementation of anti-harassment policy and rampant bro-culture.  I was falsely accused by my manager to show his support to a male colleague. As I proved my innocence, the manager along with senior HR retaliated by applying a PIP. This was within 2 weeks of filing an HR inquiry. Post which, I reached out to the ethics committee but they refused by saying it is outside their scope and the request for the enquiry will be forwarded to the respective committee.  I resigned soon after.
None that I can think of.
• Isolated, centric and not-invented-here mindset • Country club - lots of antiquated people just "resting and vesting" • Insane politics - Everyone will try to take credit for, and steal, the coolest projects from hackathons • Good enough compensation and benefits, but far, far from other big tech players • So-called diversity forced quotas can result in forced diversity hires, token employees and the like • Silly approach to increasing the bottom line: it's always a coin toss whether you'll be axed during the next RIF • Cronyism, lots of it
US culture often does not percolate down to Geos. Not much as its a great place to work
as company is focusing on big markets mainly US & Canada, they cut resources on other regions.
Usually you have to communicate with Redmond folks so you usually have to work at evenings.
The feeling of being a small cog in a wheel. Average pay.
Fast paced and agile environment. Individuals to hold key strengths to deal with ambiguity, risk taking appetite and values decision making based on data and human intuition.
as company is focusing on big markets mainly US & Canada, they cut resources on other regions.
Work-Life Balance Structure of teams - depends on the team
- Managment is very bad - A huge discriminating gap between CSGs (contractors) and FTEs (full-time employees) - Salary is below the median. - Medical insurance is very bad. - Not stable ( if you were in a startup, it will be more stable ) - there is no work-life balance. - The mode of operation is not helping you to learn much. - No appreciation for your work.
Not so many grad jobs
There are few things but it all depends on the management at that point of time.
In the enterprise services division, I found the performance measurement framework to far too quantitative, generating counter-productive behaviors. Back in 2015 the organization was siloed, EPG and Services not always collaborating efficiently, and a number of management positions were challengeable in their usefuleness. Since then the organization has been transformed and may be a lot more healthy and efficient.
Invest in the infrastructure - the restaurants in TVP have deteriorated beyond recognition drastically over the last year (unless you like cheap sausages), bring your own device with mobile phones is a great idea if there's a regular payment to employees to fund. The offices in TVP need a revamp, they are looking tired. Would be good to sort out the awful toilet situation, they don't flush.....
No career opputunities. Benefits only to the FTE’s.
Can't think of anything negative.
Hectic during code deployments and deadlines
Co-oworkers are always competitive for promotions
improvement is not easy and presume is big
Full politics company, with carefully constructed reputation. Would not recommend joining. Upper management is constantly working against its own people. Those who work honestly, with integrity, aren't rewarded and politics works wonders.
no negative points so far.
Part a big corporate company with lots of systems and processes
Deep hierarchy Level discrimination Weird evaluation methods
None that come to mind now
Developers are. As well paid as management staff
none.KEEP GOING GREAT JOB OVERALL
Management political issue. Need to improve on this matter.
Slower growth rate for employees
Work-life balance competitiveness limited career opportunities old-fashioned people overwhelmed people with overwork
Not easy to move between departments within Microsoft unless you have good contacts
This company is the new IBM : old minded and extremely politicized. There used to be an internal management saying that I haven't heard of in the last few years: employees are our most important asset. Now a days, budget attainment is all that matters without looking to the means. People internally fight for the same customer budget.
Get pressure by Micro managememt
current dev-ops model very unstructured and causing issues for SWE
there are no cons in it
Too much politics in areas outside the US Employee reviews tend to be based on quotas
1. Slow learning 2. Less Hike
Depends on the Organization you are in to
Work Life balance is an issue sometime and in few profiles
Sometimes we don't always hire the best people for the job and so experience for our partners, customers etc. suffers. We are trying to change this
It depends on your personal view
Preferences not entertained while choosing working team/type of work
Leadership lack direction Management doesn't seem to care about employees
Inside Sales Dublin is simply one of the worst place to work for a Tech Pro. Compensation is ambiguous, with impossible targets to reach and no KPIs. Hiring process seems very poor as well, completely random and different. Technical level is extremely low, with no opportunities to learn, nothing really technical here, just random sales topics. Ad-hoc completions of tasks and projects, with a lack of organisation and procedures.
Lack of motivation, Too stable
Communication barriers if some co-workers are always not there
Politics, Politics, Politics, politics Politics
Not fast enough. Too many meetings
A bit stressful when dealing with customers and one has many different to do at the same time, This is not particular to Microsoft, but to the position of support engineer.
some measurements do not make sense
Microsoft has a wide variety of products, so they should focus on specific products more and more.
survival is tuff and you have to work hard.
Constant reorgs meaning you end up with a new manager or in a new team
Great work environment, like minded people, cultural diversity, great career scopes and the best employee oriented services.
However, it is not likely to be the first.
- Compensation band should be improved  - Almost no employee perks (since the last 3 years)
No cons as such, all is good for me
Poor lower management. No trainings can help them. Stop getting latteral hires for lower management.
Each department may behave like a different company as the targets are different for each role.
work with lots of hours
Lot of orchestration required to bring the best out of large virtual teams.
Sometimes too big of a company
Very unprepared and weak managemet, no leaders in the whole Multi country region. Not a good environment for newcomers.
Working with bullish Americans becomes tiresome. People not on permanent contracts treated like a lower caste. It's weird...
* Job scope changes, sometimes even without a proper discussion with the person that you report into - symptom of working in a large company * Slow to see new services and features deployed onto Azure, in comparison with the competition * Too many KPI's and more focus on KPI's than customer satisfaction * Complex organisational structure which very few people really understand * Many non-technical people are working at Microsoft, working around technology but they make no effort to understand the basics * Very political company - there is a strong bout of political correctness across the company - comes with size * The word leadership is overused so much that it looses value * Some staff have become institutionalized and are stuck on the Steve Balmer mindset and hold back everybody else, especially is they are in management roles * Pay is good, but not best in market, so many people that I now have left for a better package * Strategic initiatives are created from Redmond (CORP) however they are disconnected from the field and because of this, programmes often don't land correctly in the subs * Quarterly connects - Microsoft is a performance based culture and expect to fill out what you've achieved each quarter and expect feedback * For those in sales : spend less of a quarter of your time working with technology * I was'nt head-hunted for any new roles at Microsoft whilst employed
not sure about work life balance
very intense and stressing sometimes. Difficulty to work with Corp.
Lots of change meaning less job security, heavy on process
nothing much about downside of MS india
We don't have enough designer to work :( may all the thing slowing down, most of the designer cant fit in because of the workload.
corporate compliancy oncalls 24h lackoffreetime
None so far. It has been fine
No cons, great time to be with Microsoft
Work-life balance is a bit of challenge
management direction should be clearly defined
Intensive need to have product knowledge
corporate compliancy oncalls 24h lackoffreetime
No as per concerned ...
Lack of focus on business & industry application
intense pressure to achieve priorities
Not enough diversity of thought or people, internationally driven ,
Do not seem to be the best in terms of high salary. Development is encouraged but can seem without direction. Very difficult to be noticed among the large number of employees. Level system can mean a suitable candidate is overlooked because they are looking to jump more than 1 or 2 levels at once.
very rare to access professional
Internal politics. Language politics Partiality. Lack of support for internal transfer. Slow promotion.
Company tends to have centralized too much, which gives less empowerment in countries to drive local relevant marketing. A lot of pressure on internal compliance, which makes we spend a lot of time working on internal stuff without added value, rather than to be focused on the customers.
In subsidiaries, great company culture sometimes declined because it is mixed with country culture (esp. in Asian countries. Hierarchical work culture) Regional HQs want to centralize everything so that they can prove their reason to exist.
company location change, had to seek other opps.
big challenges for junior designers
Nothing much. There isn't any serious con working here.
Salary increases are very minimal
Decision making can be tedious. Bureaucracy still present.
North American customers are OK, But night shifts are bad, its just that the work may be a little less and customers are good.  EMEA, India customers are worst and bad to manage and they give bad ratings and feedback.  No work life balance, I have to do extend my shift and some time have done it up to 16hrs a day.  As this is a support field in IGTSC, Horrible cases come here and customers expect you will already be aware of all the issues you can expect.  Every premier / professional cases have survey, If you get a bad survey and if you get more you are screwed.  Utilization is measured in terms of Labor, If you do not have enough Labor then you will have impact on performance.  You are supposed to clear SME's topics on the product you support, If you do not then it impacts your performance.  Being Microsoft you may thing Microsoft has solutions to all issues, You guessed it WORNG. It has to be researched and that is the hell time consuming and if you get 6 cases a day then you end up sitting in the office and the next day 6 imagine the third day you may be having at least 15 with you.  If you join as a vendor, it may be horrible because you are paid less.  Think before you are joining IGTSC, Just dont join because it is Microsoft, Think of the possibilities, Salary the price comes with the above disadvantages as well.  Salary hike is ok ok, Bonus is good.  You may be transferred to different teams based on how many teams your manager manages. So you may or can be put there.
As the company is grown huge, there is lot of politics and bureaucracy in the middle and senior level management. They don't have a growth mindset especially the Group Managers and Directors. HR is not efficient and is linked to these management groups, so talented people move out.
None that I can think of.
Night shifts. Heavy work load at times
Night shifts. Heavy work load at times
less innovation,politics,too much hierarchy
Challenging work life balance to start
Too many re-organizations and reporting manager changes almost every year.
Lots of politics in India. Need to be close to management to get good performance benefits.
Challenging to raise exposure in this big company
Not challenging enough. Felt I can do more
Lack of high quality middle-management
Its a Brand name in computer technology.
Stressful at times, information comes quickly and often. It can get overwhelming.
I do not see any cons
no formal training, overtly complex, bureaucratic, work non stop, unspoken divisive environment between full times and contract personnel.
- No negative points. It's a great place to work.
Very US centric with a tendency to want to centralize work in the US, high workload. Four performance reviews a year (although this helps towards career progression & rewards).
Salary is not very competitive
process / ability to innovate locally /
Big company, lots of process and admin overhead.
communication layer is too complicated, too many meetings due to unclear responsibility boundry
sometimes too much to do for us
Work Life balance is difficult to manage
Many KPI and score cards to fulfill. Organizational change is very often.
Diplomacy is a must to survive
sometimes too much to do for us
its a big company with all its inherent conflicts
Some groups or teams can be bad.
Nothing to say right now
knowledge transfer is not as clear as expected
bad working hours and shift
full of egoistic manager review process sucks full internal politics crappy work bad culture
Internal processes, tools, not customer facing enough, HR lacks commitment, not too many travels, takes a while to get to a decent level
Too big and some time with low efficiency and high reaction latency
No remore work there .
- inconsistent management skills and insufficient leadership development
USD CRM, administrative tasks, sometimes without a purpose.
strategy changes nearly every year, as well as the overall company structre
Please have a uniform evaluation/ interview process. At least all members of the same team should be evaluated by the same manager.
Tech and one Microsoftness is not available
it is hard to get an interview
Toxic culture, political, constant cutting of jobs.
Bureaucratic and too structured at times
The Software Asset Management & Compliance Engagement manager has to pay a very pivotal role in ensuring that the right level of constructive tension is created to gain attention from the customer and motivate them towards the solution. Its like salt to food. Over use will be disastrous and will ruin the appetite. under usage may render your food boring and tasteless.
Management sometimes take undue advantage of the employees and there is no retention policy. They make us feel as if they don't care if we leave Microsoft.
- you have to be lucky and find a good manager which is able to support you on your job and not only reporting policies (sometimes crazy) from the top management - lot of pressure - some teams are creating excessive competition among peers, in this way team work is failing
A lot of pressure on sales people
Still some Politics in CSS.
as any big company, decisions might take longer than expected, bureaucratic work required
A lot of big companies suffer from making things for managers by managers and having managers pleasing managers. During the 2 years I've never spoken to people who actually use the product we were creating.  After almost 2 years of working on "color of the bike shed" a solution was proposed that I created in the first week of me working there (the reason I got hired for this particular project) that would allow the user to explore, modify and create new reports.
Lots of travel, high stress level, may not be for everyone
Constant turnover of managers. Misalignment and confused kpi’s across teams
Hard competitive internal culture, everyone is thinking about how to advance their own agenda and career. Constant yearly reorganization from headquarter. Local offices have very limited influence on business plans.
None none none none none
Sometimes you work on the same thing for long periods and it becomes less challenging with time. I witnessed some office politics, but don't think that's prevalent across the office.
work life balance.. career progress
Nothing apart from home politics and favorism to few folks
Every employee faces limitation or downsides in work and I think that we should use them as motivating forces to achieve the requested job.
- Growth is constrained by the number of years not by the absolute potential which is a problem for exceptionally good people. - Not a lot of opportunities for senior levels. - Salary is not very competitive.
Hard to resist working extended hours and maintain work/life balance
Nothing as far as i am concerned
Some orgs lack vision. Products can be introduced then deprecated in a few years.
Full of politics. Mangers are egoistic . Bad review process. Little work life balance. Bad work quality.
During certain times of the year, it can get stressful, but this is only temporary and doesn't last very long.
US centric, some internal processes are clunky
Layers of management looking out for themselves - typical of larger organisaitons. Too much difference between Corp Head Office and the field. The field lives on crumbs as its all about the P+L. Corp seems to have unlimited funding.
Lazy co-workers, bad canteen, irregular HR
salary is low as per my experience
Political, you are expected to do extra work for other teams just to get recognised...this often means weekends etc
not much, its all good
Looks like manager driven company. If some manager decide to screw you, you are gone. Less learning.
Strict utilization targets are making it harder to focus on learning, thus making some engineers not fully prepared for customer engagements, resulting in poor experiences on both sides.
Bad internal recruitment system. Moving around needs a political approach
I don't have anything to write here. Its the dream company for me.
poor work life balance - abominably early start for 24/7 coverage at 6am - for 10 hour shift - 4 days on - 3 days off - suits a single lifestyle or someone with no kids... very high pressure - culture of being afraid to ask any questions (in case not being seen as super technical) which breeds somewhat of a culture of nervousness - loads of managers in hierarchical format - each covering his own behind and kissing the guy up the chains behind as well - all power wielded in Redmond - middle managers tend to micromanage - and woe betide if you mess up (as if they never would) experts at covering their behinds and playing the game of politics generally - eyeing the guy above him's position with envy and desire...
Environment - Over last few years the environment has become negative, where most of the employees feel choked but decide to stay quiet. Also it has become largely an internal looking company, where there is less focus on taking quick & right decisions or meeting customers but more focus on conducting 5 reviews in a week.
Dealing with overbearing customers.
There aren't any opportunity for career growth.
At Microsoft engineers did not run web services. High resource requirements. As opposed to the makers of other operating systems, Microsoft requires its customers to invest the most in their computer hardware: a faster processor (the CPU), more internal memory and a larger hard disk. Microsoft have always maintained that this is due to all the extra functionality that they've added, as demanded by their customers. Actually, few people make use of many of those features, yet everyone is still forced to contend with the additional overhead that is the result.
* Lots of proyects in the company get shelved, chances are you will be working on one of them. * I was working on GUI related stuff, which I am not a fan of. * Development of products is heavily influenced by management.
Smaller stock option compared to bay area companies
Frequent restructuring, and cyclical business redirections
Work life balance less opportunities to move across org
Most of them acts to save their positions, don't do actual job.
Culture not quite what I expected
Nothing to say, I only wish to get a renew for my contract
Less opportunity to move internally
With the mission of Satya Nadella, the company see itself as a sort of benefactor now and in training you get the impression that everything evolves around their employees. When you hit the floor, you soon realize that the "old" Microsoft is still very much alive, because it's not about inclusion and empowerment anymore, but about processes, micromanagement, threatening, exclusion, discrimination, politics and unnecessary pressure day in day out. There are better teams and there are worse teams though. It's a bit like playing the lottery which manager you get.
you have to be good at keeping work&life balance yourself!
Internal politics, a bit lost at looking for a new direction
Significant amount of internal politics, no real concern with Human Resources, no room for failure, time consuming internal reporting
stressful management, short deadlines,
no , preatty much a dream job
Night shifts for women,
Lots of Politics to manuever
Could do with a better structure
Low pay package w.r.t other companies.
It could be difficult to move internally since few years
1) way too many complex tools and poor systems e.g, Microsoft Dynamics does not even let you call through the web browser so you have to install this very slow time consuming app called “Unified Service Desk” (USD) which is very slow and crashes non stop. Dynamics and Outlook also don’t integrate well at all! 2) still a bit too “old school” and rigid when it comes to some things such as dress for example 3) quite a lot of politics within the Sales Teams due to their being way too many people 4) commission is capped at 200% for sales reps and pay is below industry average.
US-centric, awful local management, lots of politics
Very Competitive and can drive you to lose work-life balance at times.
- pressure to learn and keep up to date with new training modules, but urged to rush through rather than take the time to learn. Encouraged to let modules play while you are still working so you don't really focus on it. - not a lot of roles available to be promoted and when there is one, there is a lot of competition. Basically have to wait for someone to quit to get promoted.
Sometimes Too much information. Should look into a "less is more" approach
Sometimes Too much information. Should look into a "less is more" approach
There are so many non-tech people in senior management level
Support center is only in Bangalore, I wish it was in other locations too. Joined as a Vendor so I hope they stop this vendor and FTE differentiation, We do the same work afterall.
Glass ceiling unless in Seattle
There is internal politics for hike. and girls are given special advantages
Even though work life balance is promoted, job is very demanding Very different benefits from one country to another
Nothing to Share much about the company
None None None None None
* Management Instructions can be really confusing sometime
Not too much to say.
Not too much to say.
Like any cog in a big machine, it's sometimes difficult to feel the impact of your work in a tangible way
A bit too much independence (in the first month(s) it is a bit unclear what you need to be successful.
Pay is not so great
Work life balance, transparency issue
The coffee machine was terrible.
corporate environment and sometimes lengthy process
Not many - on a roll
You might find politics, in some teams.
Not enough challenge and Slow growth
Inconsistent management leading to confusion
Re-organization happens a bit too frequently You may not end up in a sensible place after a re-org Not particularly remote-friendly
Management, teamwork, high demands of work, no balance
Challenging work duties, high load
Friends read between the lines . it is a support role with creative designation names and not meant for those who have worked in development roles. Brand name is very enticing and pulling but there are loads of riders. And if you think that switching into other divisions in MS after getting a foot in the door, nopes! Its easy to gain your beloved roles directly rather than taking an indirect route as the pressure and atmosphere will hold your throat even breathing becomes difficult. 1. Work pressure is cutthroat due to never ending waves of tickets 2.Even to login 30 mins late/ break you wil have to drop a mail to the team saying coming late or going out of office.And it is expected you follow this always. 3. Oncall and shift rotations will wreak a havoc on your body. Weekends will be a thing of past. During oncall you are expected to be available 4 hours extra. No extra pay for that. And weekend on call work will only give you a compoff and nothing else guys!! its ridiculous but true. You get oncall rota once in 2 months or so. DUring that time you work for 12 hours x 7 Days. Icing on that cake is : You get compoff only and only if you get a call on weekend. So no body cares if you stayed back at home to be readily available for work. One more icing on the cake: No broadband charges get reimbursed for login from home. You are expected to go to office and work. 4. Developers who have worked in relaxed environment will start feeling the pinch from the first day on the floor. 5.On the first day of training ,the customer calling exercise will make you think where have you landed. 6.Production down scenarios are daily affair. Either you wear dont care attitude or else stress will switch you off. 7.Lengthy continuous call running upto 5-6 hours atleast 2-3 days a week is a norm not an exception. During these type of marathon calls you will be working with 5-6 minutes of break once every Now coming to the actual learning experience 1. Neverthless you will be exposed to vast technologies but you will end up sacrificing the depth that is needed to become a seasoned technical architect or your MVP roadpath.. 2.work from home option is just there but many riders before you use it. 3. Big No No for creative folks or developers as you will soon end up forgetting the coding bit. 4.Every minute is accountable and you have to log it with explaination and justification If you exceed the hours for solving some issues , questions will be asked as they may not buy what you say. Coming to compensation 1. This division has the lowest salary bands in MS. Summary : If you dont like being on the call most of your day, talking to person and answring their queries,problems etc etc, dont even look at this side as the brand name will pull you without even you realizing that you are making a radical shift from development to support.
- process/organizational changes occur pretty often - workload
growth ladder is limited with time
Management was too spreadsheet focused and not people oriented, capped commission
frequent travel and more workload sometimes
Expectations are too high, no one cares if you work 7x24, difficult to jump to a new position
growth ladder is limited with time
Management was too spreadsheet focused and not people oriented, capped commission
Inexperienced managers cause frustration when there is no structure in place, insides sales needs to improve a lot
None really but it is a large corporation, so can be impersonal sometimes
Not much! Getting to Reading can be a bit of a pain but I am not required there often as it is very flexbile working.
Depends on division you join- work quality may vary
Some friction takes place between colleagues
adapting to new technology bit slow
not enough resources. long distance to real products.
Limited roles in CANADA, managers are hit or miss, increasingly technical focus. Can be a very chauvinistic environment. Lots of internal politics
Work life balance, commission plans must be improved. Have the usual cons of any other company about the same size.
* Work-life balance can suffer sometimes * Getting a promotion is hard * You get a feel that IDC is seen as a place to dump the work Redmond doesn't want to do
Opportunities work hours location too far from home
good good good good good
Very competitive environment, the company and managers are very KPI driven to take decisions and the evaluation methodology is strict.
Toxic culture, poor leadership, company misses too many technology trends
At some stages the communication between units could have been better, but this is not by far the worst I have seen in companies of any scale.
Salary not with same as competition
Support based on tickets , too much workload , angry customers
benefit are Very Good like cab and free food available.
Matrixed, Needs careful career management
Open working space with people in different teams might be overwhelming for introverts.
Lots of politics, level system can be odd sometimes
Chronically detached management. There's a good chance you manager will have absolutely no idea what your team does because they're a professional manager, not an expert in their field. The feeling that a lot of what you're targeted with doing would happen anyway whether you were there or not. A lot of people that work at Microsoft are rather up themselves about the fact that they work for Microsoft. Ridiculous Microsoftspeak (where the rubber hits the road, swim in your think tank, this idea isn't fully baked etc, etc). I spent a lot of time biting my lip wanting to give those responsible for such nonsense a good slap.
Can get hectic sometime.
A bit political, a lot of micro managed units
poor IJP and bureaucratic responses
Too much biasing. Single digit appraisals.
Management doesn't cares if you grow within the company I reached out to different level of management but none of them were interested in helping you grow within the company Salary is less compared to other competitors No
Politics & the typical MNC foreign talent scene
Politics & the typical MNC foreign talent scene
Nothing much to say here.
No cons I can think of
- Hard to progress / change role internally
Pay, work life (un)balance, unclear goals, arbitrary
inward focused, scorecard driven can be frustrating.
Not enough pinukation and fun days
there are no cons for microsoft
Bureaucratic processes may hinder one to progress with a new idea or opportunity
Certain degree of bureaucracy and hierarchical structure
overtime hours always necessary for success
Many transformations happening at the same time without having proper time to get used to them.
No cons at all
Lack of creativity and vision by upper management. No training for improvement. Few holidays, long working hours in peak times.
A lot of people think of the Old Microsoft and don't realise how much it's changed, which is a pity.
No free food, difficult interview
1. A lot of internal politics and marketing for customers, Partners and employees, sorry to say that...but also a lot of lies... 2. Rewards and bonuses are for club guys - if you are in a club (spend time internaly only) and know who you should know than you have a chance to be promoted and be recognised 3. Recruitment Results are known before process has started - you have to be in the club, internal politcs and micromanagement is the most important 4. Compliance rules are only on paper - you have to sign it for internal Audit check but they will force you to cross the line...
Too much work & Salespeople-oriented culture.
workload is too much. recruitment process is slow. could improvee
Not the best marketing engine to learn from.
Not the best marketing engine to learn from.
Small concern - lots of travel to see clients for meetings, etc. Can be a bit tiring but Microsoft compensate with good approach in working from home when required , great policy to help us have a good life balance as best as we can.
I do not see any cons
the company is still too unstable.
Discrimination against vendors is very visible.
Both as cons. Maybe too many steps for one simple process
Cause it's so big organization, and because different subsidiary have different budgeting, you could get in trouble within local "effective managers", if you are working between number of countries.
Can be a bit competitive sometimes
Outsourcing by Arvato Long hours
Pressure of performing amongs the best.
N/A  Middle level management could be better
Entirely Number Driven Company with immense commitment and time demanding roles.
Nothing I feel like I need to mention
Rapid changes of the business and protocol needs to be adhered to in view of the size of the company.
*Highly competitive *Getting promoted is very hard
Since it's under the process of transformation, changes, adjustments and modifications are an ongoing process.
No cons so far. Good company
The canteen isn't so great, ethnic food isn'tgreat at all.
i didnt find any special
politics, red tape, lack of innovative spaces
They should give their workers more importance to enable them to have a better lifestyle.
work life balance to be improved
Team manager plays lot of politics
No cons. Excellent place to work
Nothing here is bad either.
A little political nature of the management side.
Long hours and tiring enviorement
Most of the teams are on weekly on-call support (including nights). Some teams have been asked to work weekends (both Sat and Sun) for several months (and consequently many people left Microsoft because of this). Promotions are much slower than in the rest of the industry. You can get stuck in some "dead end" teams, as internal transfers within the same product are much more difficult than just leaving for another company or another product.
should improve on hiring process some student don't get due to high criteria
Culture, local politics, Exposure to open source.
i can find no cons, but may be because i am new
Very big organization Difficult to onboard
voice wasnt always heard, long hours
Until now no cons observed
global changes have huge impact on atmosphere there
Some of the work was tedious
Very Tasking but fulfilling. Extremely high internal compete
You at times get trapped into red tape while dealing with lot of non-tech stuff
Discrimination, favouritism, bullying is very common. I was treated so unfairly at the Microsoft Estonia office. Persons placed into lead positions lack the capacity to deliver, mostly no training at all and just handpicked randomly for so called "meeting metrics" but seriously lacking soft skills. As if all this is not enough, racists tendencies were common and the salary was really nothing special. While I went through several interviews, others just walked in through their friends who are already in, forming clicks and hindering team cohesion. Very very disorganised with no proper standards set to encourage growth and development. Instead, stir up egoism and self centeredness due to how teams are structured. Also very little time for onboarding and communication of important information does not flow as needed through channels where relevant. Instead of assisting team members to grow, manager or team leads feel it's the only job on earth and I guess feel will be managers for life. Grow up, it's a job, like any other.
There's a tendency to perform character assassinations as part of the regular 'check-ins' with your line manager throughout the year.  Senior leadership who have been there for donkeys years are 'tired' and don't understand the world outside of Microsoft so they have a blinkered vision about the reality of choice that customers have  Long hours. You can work from home but this normally involves being on back to back conference calls. After a while that becomes like a form of torture.
cooperation, slow, politics, long hours,
Too Hectic and poor work life balance
Nil nil nil nil nil
1. Some of the managers are pathetic. It's miserable to work under these guys. 2. Too much process 3. Inter-team communication is terrible
Job isn't always what they tell you it could be. Benefits outside the US aren't nearly as nice Keeps thinking US first needs to see the entire globe
the only negative thing I can say is that the stress level is a very high work environment.
1. Re-orgs 2. Process 3. Work less challenging
Work-life balance can still be a challenge - very flexible working hours but one is always 'plugged-in' In Dublin, there is a large constituency of excellent middle management level staff with long tenure which causes an opportunity glut in terms of moving to the higher roles (the real opportunity likely exists in US or other locations depending on role).
working environment, some colleagues are not friendly
The campus is far away from downtown. You will spend more than one hour in commute if you don't live nearby.
Tasks should be completed at set dates manage is strict on performance and evaluates every employee quarterly. Generally the main challenge is that there is a lot of work and you should keep up.
sometimes challenging work hours, but not too bad
High pressure due to targets
Hard career development. Salaries can be lower than expected
nothing I can think of
having an adjusting phase that might create uncertainty
Very poor growth considering the subsidiary belonged to Microsoft. There is no clarity as to what (kind of) contribution will lead to good growth. Only way to grow good is to switch to other subsidiaries or engineering group.
Large Corporate company so you are just a number
Not challenging, not interesting and not really what was described in the interview
You may not be credited/recognized for your work (Which is why I left the company)
Working conditions with some of the students can be tough and you need to be prepared to put in a lot of effort.
No Cons to state about the job
You may not be credited/recognized for your work (Which is why I left the company)
Work can slow down depending on your group. Some teams have boring work Career growth is slow at times
- Work/life balance could be better
Still not open to lot of open source technology
Competitive colleagues, manager might have negative effect on your work
Role became boring after a while, but I made up my time through the extra-curricular projects.
not many houses close to office, long commute
Strategy changes before you implement prior planning.
Delays in payments, low bonus system, the inability to get the information on the sales plan for a period.
Cannot say anything bad about the company apart from hard to gain through the ranks
It is not that exciting if you are ambitious.
They don't care about how their partners treat their employees.
after 12 years you can start feeling you have to change. Sales team does not want you to be a technical savvy.
no wfh, i cant think of something else
Outsource needs more opportunities in San sal
Politics made it impossible for people in our team to get other job opportunities
Tech stack is MS specific and not open like others. Many middle level managers & principal engineers were from MS' office or windows team, which have limited experiences in search technology.
- global strategies that cannot be differentiated for local markets resulting to lack of effectiveness - extensive workload - contigent staff lacking of benefits and out of company's people centric agenda
Work-life balance can sometimes be difficult to manage
too huge , at times the real goals of the company gets buried trying to protect the old people who have no where else to go if not for Microsoft.
Not a great management
The number of metrics we are measured are on a high side
- Location limited to certain offices - Some/minimal internal politics - Sometimes there can be some bureaucracy - There can be many gatekeepers when trying to make larger changes/impacts.
But the vendors suffers and always in tension of getting their contracts over. To be honest there is nothing bad about the company. I am just sad that i am one of the candidates who are on vendors payroll
If you are not flexible and willing to learn, it's not for you
the processess can be overcomplicated sometimes
Need to spend time to think about business rather than just focus on tech
Large organization, difficult to handle large events. Large number of students participating in the program, gets difficult to be in touch with all of them
I suffer from anxiety and depression, and during my time working through my medication, they were not very understanding of my fluctuations in productivity even after I explained the situation. This could have just been a team or manager level thing, but it left a bad taste in my mouth that they couldn't have been more understanding. I realize that companies are all dollars and cents and time is money, but sometimes you want to be treated like a whole person.
Redmond employees tend to wield the most power irrespective of achievements or ability. Teams can be relocated from the Dublin office due to larger organisational shuffles.
you get positively pampered in all ways
Deadlines and micro mgmt. limited working environment
With new changes in Org structure less of delivery opportunities
Depending on the location of your subsidiary, you might get a very different experience from the HQ and other subsidiaries.
I can't find any negative points. See section above for all the good points. Not sure if it's a downside, but it's a big organization and you need to find your unique role in it.
Lack of open source tech.
very long hours but doable
Away from hometown, too many org-changes
Some people are difficult to handle
Work life balance Night shift is one of the biggest issue. If you come from development background, there will not be much officially.
Unclear career development plan. People recently hired earn much more than people who was there since much time before (and their experience is not that relevant to justify it).
Lower salaries when compared with other tech companies of the same dimension. Huge discrepancy regarding payments for the same job in US vs Ireland, while the cost of living is on the same level.  Can't hire good engineers due to low salaries for the super high cost of living.
Minimal available tech related internship because of location
Slow pace of learning
Extremely political, but when you are inside, it's betty hard to really impact implementing new ideas. The decision is horizontal, a lot of people collaborating but nobody have power to really decide
My review is not on parent entity, Microsoft Corp. It’s on Microsoft Global Delivery  Too much politics Groupism, managers favour people from their native language or location, performance management system is not transparent Managers won’t tolerate if you are smart and intelligent, they feel insecure and try to suppress you if you are not in their good books. The project assignments are done with out considering the career development plan. The parent entity, Microsoft Corp is good but global delivery is going nowhere
You have to work a lot in order to get company objectives and get incentive plans. This can cause stress and you have to find a compromise for work life balance. It's not a position that you can take for many years.
Salary is not as per industry standards
This is not a good place
My review is not on parent entity, Microsoft Corp. It’s on Microsoft Global Delivery  Too much politics Groupism, managers favour people from their native language or location, performance management system is not transparent Managers won’t tolerate if you are smart and intelligent, they feel insecure and try to suppress you if you are not in their good books. The project assignments are done with out considering the career development plan. The parent entity, Microsoft Corp is good but global delivery is going nowhere
There are certain wings in which internal politics is at peak.
Long hours, lots of travel, US teams can struggle to let EMEA teams have control.
Targets conflict in each department so to succeed together as a team is difficult
Overwhelming workload due to understaffed teams.
hard to grow fast, even if you show that you deserve it incredibly hard to acquire the necessary buy-in internally work-life balance
cannot join the practice project
Salary, Bad Office location, Coffee, Nightlife
Office are not good as google.
Very good company and very good product, lot of things are there for learning
The flexibility part highlighted about Microsoft is mostly on paper. Except for trivial things like dress code, work timings the important ones like flexibility to work, express, innovate remains a distant dream. Everything about you is decided by the manager. Your relationship with him and the way he perceives you can make or break your career. The work is crap and extremely mundane especially in Microsoft IT (UST). A software developer ends up spending most of his productive time in pointless discussions, activities like bug fix, deployment, design review which are not relevant to him. The managers here are mostly biased and useless.
Microsoft has great people, but unfortunately most of them are in survival mode. That creates an environment that kills creativity and became more political.
Only positive experience, young and motivated people
Too political ,lost the MS values which Bill Gates founded
Response to the market is slow some time
learning curve, a lot of work
No cons while working for my company.
Not enough learning. It's not a good place for a new hire. Lot of shuffling between teams.
Too many processes and procedures impacting the ability to be customer centric. Not everybody is as smart and passionate - there are some around that hide their lesser competence and lack of customer passion behind political gamesmanship. Too politically correct in a way that one has to be careful voicing any opinion, as it may not be the sanctioned opinion of the day
* Recently hiring quality has gone down * Lack of Windows development pace
may need to endure legacy code, old and Microsoft system (ex. version control, code review, build , and pipeline)
Too many procedures, often unnessecary.
Handle the growing changes and don't snooze.
Pay is slightly less than what you can earn elsewhere. I also need more words for the twenty wires minimum
Work life balance has been talked about but this is being addressed
Very political environment that affects the process of achieving the team target
Work in some Engineering teams can be very drab( downright menial at times). Very hard for young Engineers to change teams. Internal career site doesn't have even 10% of available positions listed. And even if you do apply, none ever gets back, It seems switching teams has more to do with who you know, rather than what you know. Some managers have been known to actively sabotage\block employees from transitioning to different roles\positions since they don't want to lose good engineers from their own teams. Reliance on own Technology stack for most projects means that employees are likely to lose contact with open source\external technologies
Low pay minimal benefits, Too much like family business
*no promoting options. the company would rather fire you before you find another suitable position in other departments * departments close all the time. I was fired during the holidays * clumsy management - keeps inventing new rules to make everyone's life harder and justify one's salary * everything takes so much time and beaurocracy
A company people seem to love to hate without just cause. Extremely large company, can be easy to get lost in the crowd if one isn't careful. "Diversity hires" equate to a backwards sort of racism (though, that's more a product of society than the company itself).
Retail holiday hours can be hectic, changing shifts is stressful.
Micro management and daily utilization to be made just like a call center
So many reorgs during my time as Microsoft previous and new CEO were trying to fix Microsoft's growing problems in the market
Extremely political environment, lack of connection between headquarters and subsidiaries, including strategic communication.
Single technology stack in Services
Nothing is bad at microsoft
Job and work and networking opportunities
Targets, targets, targets. Sometimes workload can be a bit overwhelming. There’s still work life balance but can hardly do this during peak season
slow growth sometimes have to work for 6 days a week
Microsoft is a follower instead of a leader in the cloud computing, the pace of innovation is not fast enough and should evolve if you want to survive to this changing environment
Like all other large corporations.
Very sales and number driven. Stressful environment, some time very long hours some manager possess very traditional mindsets, you need to learn how to deal with it.
not the best talent some uninspiring leaders politics inside the company
It's Microsoft, bad decisions are made sometimes
Maximum home grown solution. Less exposure to open source technology
very relaxed work culture u dont get pressure
Management focusing on their personal scorecard and sometimes still immature from an HR point of view.
The balancing act between short vs longterm focus
- Horrible politics - Managers bootlickers thrive and grow - Technical skills dont matter and are not required. Even a 10th grader can deliver a predefined set of mouse clicks for migrating the SharePoint portals. - FTC program of the SharePoint & Exchange practice is a virus thats screwing lives of many passionate coders
Night shift , weekend shifts , although you will know all of this before signing up for the job
no new learning.. working on same old technologies. windows...windows everytime
Huge organization that too often goes under changes
bad approach by management to employees, There is no humanity
Weak mid level management , bad communiation
the store is always busy
Salary, Bad Office location, Coffee, Nightlife
salary is less than needed
It has no cons. Its a great company
some time become too heavy for operating system to do multitasking because of low power microprocessor
Chances of changing Internally is very much dependent on the contacts and current manager
Lack of people skills by the Management.
Slow growth, not a lot of freedom when it came to choosing projects.
unequal for contractors who is the core foundation of this company
Your future position will depend on good networking skills. Also, tight work schedule.
Nothing really, I love everything
Low Salary compared to competitors
work is very easy, not hard, people are nice
Stocks are still lower Cloud business is lacking still although growing Salary less than others
Very big company to make a difference in.
Low Salary compared to competitors
Dont have any since i am have about 2 yrs experience only.
work life balance is rather work life flexibilty, sometimes too much unecessary reporting and admin tasks,
Sometimes individual improvement can get over looked in pursuit of product development
Not good for freshers from college, growth is limited No work life balance Need a lot of help from seniors working there
Unstable contract, senior leadership team members
Stressful sales and quota, high targets and expections
Much global management overhead (vertically & horizontally), misaligned goals between common contributers, extraordinary highfrequent role & management changes, work-life-balance poorer than advertised.
Challenges in digitalising Africa
very political and want to change but is keeps rewarding employees the same way
Well reorgs mostly. It can get a bit tiring over time when your team is moved around from one department and org every 6 months and you see plenty of good people being let go because their role or team is no longer needed. I had a great team and manager, but some can be quite conservative when it comes to trying out new things. Processes can be lengthy and bureaucratic at times.
Microsoft has the 'new way of working' policy, which is great.. IF managers allow it. Mine didn't and was very on to micromanaging e.g. it's not really allowed to leave work earlier or work a day at home if you have not meetings whatsoever.  My manager installed management by fear - which is the worst. You're being punished very hard if something has gone wrong. No growth mindset at alll.  No time for self-development at all and no attention given to growth -also own initiative is not always appreciated.  Microsoft Netherlands has a very strong mono-culture. White, upper-level rich, extravert, sorority/fraternity types.. and if you don't qualify to these standards, often you will experience being shut out.
Employees work life balance is not important. Bringing revenues is the only goal for the company
unstable management, favouritism, no job security
long working hours, tight deadline, super lean structure.
Too proud of itself and not able to compete
There are literally no cons about Minich Henry, it is such a good company that there is literally nothing negative which I could possibly write about it.
Business is not partner driven.
Limited opportunities for those who are already in company
career prospects in marketing, work life balance,
internal competition is very high. sometimes timing is more important than your performance, yet there is a culture which recognize and appreciate your hardwork.
Too much competition for job.
Repetitive work Few good projects in India
Work life balance is a bit tough
Weakness of Enterprise business except O365
Extremely competetive atmosphere, "every man for himself". Employees are merely resources.
The company has been shifting from a services and software company to a devices and services company and they are leaving behind the on-premise customers not ready or willing to move to cloud solutions. All training has been shifted to cloud support while low focus given to on-prem solutions for customers.
There are no cons here
Learning and development needs a better approach.
Long hours, Limited Promotion Opportunities
Appraisal process, Politics, Favoritism. Microsoft has many departments this review is for IGTSC (Support). Other departments have a good work culture.
High workload, bonkers amount of tools (getting better), no on boarding, lack of structured training, networking is key to get on, loads of process still, ghost of old Microsoft hanging about.
- Most of the teams work in isolation.
Very strict sales revenue targets
Every large company has a positive and negative
The structure is huge and well-designed. Hard to influence at scale.
Location lacks good public transport, but the company buses makes up for this well. Head office communication requires flexibility due to the time difference.
Timings were a problem because the shifts used to get over late.
People are not as smart as you would expect them to be
location (tough to attract diverse talent to Reading)
Very big company, slow, lot of paper work to get stuff done
- Huge organization which makes proving yourself a bit difficult - Intern-organizations moves are not that straight forward and you will have to work very ah rd for it
Too many lead roles are outsourced on vendor contracts
The internal politics like most companies can be challenging at times.
Managers are not good. Lot of politics. No promotion
Not getting my expected compensation. Not good in terms of career growth.
not a lot of Jews in management
work life balance, stressful work with little support
Work life balance, too many teams to consider to make a difference.
Politics sometime Sometime work gets boring. You sometime get lagged behind in technologies because Microsoft big products are still working on old platforms.
Pressure, past strategy blunders. The whole issue of being "the richest guy company". And trying to play in too many fields.
not a lot of Jews in management
The culture changed a lot in the 12 years and whilst I felt respected at the beginning, by the end I simply felt just like a number. Probably my worst disappointment was bad management.
Internal company politics can get to you over time but politics is only stronger when you are dirty. You need to play to your strengths and you will be fine.
More opportunity to be on direct payroll
- Mentor assigned was a little difficult to work with. Was focused on his own goals rather than the project goals.
Less localisation possibilities, tight schedules for execution
1. You will feel like you are married to the company and wouldn't make an effort to leave it for anything better in your life.
Politics sometime Sometime work gets boring. You sometime get lagged behind in technologies because Microsoft big products are still working on old platforms.
None that I can think of
nothing here is considered as a con
There are no cons of joining MS
- Things move a bit slowly - New ideas, new features - Lot of re-inventing the wheel. Sometimes, folks do not have an idea that some other team has already done something similar that they are searching for.
Deep changes every year and non clear directions about business in special at Subs.
Trying to move up or along is very hard, often those with the personal connections will get a role ahead of those who have the better skills and ability.
work load No as such other cons
My current job acquired me a big background in the chartered accounting, Taxing (Income/Sales), Labor matters (Preferment, HRs, Retirements … etc), * I got also a little experience in auditing.
Sometimes took too long for the change
- None I can think of
office politics competitive not enough food
Very complex environment, strategies change too often, the high pace of reorgs is a constant. Blind cuts lead to loss of knowledge on projects.
Too much travel in a year
Slow in decisions , lacks consumer focus
Long hours and late calls. Some functions can be quite siloed - although this is improving all the time and teams collaborate much miss than they used to
impact driven, very beaucratic and clear
salary is low comparing with other local companies.
Workload was too much to handle
Stress Unclear job titles bad managers
Tasks get very challenging at times
Poor middle management. Very stressful working environment. People only care about themselves.
Poor middle management. Very stressful working environment. People only care about themselves.
None I can think of at a glance
Not much of career growth
- Red tape - Bureaucracy - Some people get ahead by managing upward vs actually having technical capability
Long interview and joining process
Confusion of direction, cluttered culture, meetings, meetings, meetings with every man and his dog included to disperse accountability and clog up creativity and focus.
None as such. Great all over no such problems exist. Most beautiful campus ever . Total awe and beauty!
Sometime your work depends on some good will in Redmond
Many of the people managers are there as a natural part og their career path, and not because they love or are good at people mgmt. Change mgmt to lead the many constant internal changes are not that good.
May not get good technogy to work on
US-centric decision making (somewhat contradicts the D&I piece) Progress can be slow Teams lack agility Some areas require long hours
Brutally cost conscious. Profit is everything. Lots of care taken about the company's image externally, no support for individuals who work there. You have to be comfortable being entirely self-sufficient to be happy working here. It's not as great a company to have on your CV as you may think.
Some teams are lacking good documents.
A lot of politics and everyone concerned about outshining each other. More teaming needed
Cut throat competition . Difficult to get PPO.
Pay is average industry standards
work life balance is sometimes a challenge, but the company invests in this area
Everyones on their own. No support from managers/leadership when one needs it.
There are no major cons.
nothing much as of now
None at this time
Too many reports and too many managers!
Micro management, evaluation system unfair
Wage Work life balance at first Small team vs other subs
No such cons as Such.
Not that I have experienced any
Really busy in the Summer, (it's our fourth qtr)
If you stay too long in the same team it makes it harder to advance.
Quality of work depends on team.
The mangers and higher ups actually act superior to the staff.
salary issue,explained major categories, very simple
As it is a great place to work, employees generally tend to hold on to the positions for over 4 years and this reduces the opportunity for new talent.
hectic work life balance , more time management skills required
There are no cons for Microsoft
Extreme scorecard measurement. No tolerance for non performers. Large company with the accompanying politics. Americanocentric.
Being based in Dublin, sometimes the type of work is not as exciting as it might be in theUS.
Discrimination towards vendors by Full time employees
No cons very good company
no cons such as its perfect
Highly unstable due to sudden re-organizational decisions. Half employees are outsourced with a significant different in pays with full time employees who maybe be doing the same job.
Highly unstable due to sudden re-organizational decisions. Half employees are outsourced with a significant different in pays with full time employees who maybe be doing the same job.
It can be hectic at times.
None None None None None
Tough times in recent year
hard to change to a new project.
Extra work can be needed
Depends on the team your are working with
Painful transition to Cloud, lost the absolute leader status and struggles with it Parts of company highly political Long working hours, some managers consider employees like slaves
Still lots of politics, company has become last transparent than it used to be when it comes to attracting, retaining and developing talent. Recent re-org drove less clarity and accountability that there was before.
1. Even if work culture is driven to be more inclusive, sometimes politics take over. But that is team dependent and giving feedback helps. 2. In comparison to Google and Amazon in India, compensation falls back.
Huge corporation, multiple layers of management, glacial pace of change
some managers need to learn how to be a good manager instead of micromanaging employees
Less visibility outside team. Most of the impactful works are assigned to senior members of team. No travel opportunity. Less team outings. Suboptimal food in cafetaria. We don't leave Microsoft ecosystem during the development process. We have internal tools for everything. Some good, some not so good. You don't learn much about other technologies, so it might hamper your chance of joining other companies. Some politics during performance review.
Many of our managers are struggling with their scorecards and pay less attention to their customers. "Customer focus" was one of new leadership principles, but never understood properly by our managers. Also we are losing our agility since there are too many policies.
-Still too much bureaucracy and politics -The ghost of the "Old" Microsoft is still around
Local subs struggle translating vision of senior corp Local culture is different than corporate Only a great place to work when you're performing well
Competitive and pressured. Can be a bit cut throat when it comes to performance review/bonuses as employees' impact is benchmarked against one another.
Political, hard to change roles or move up internally
I have no cons about working there.
You have to keep up with latest technologies involve
You have to keep up with latest technologies involve
If you take your foot of the gas, it may be time to leave sooner than you think. Lots of Alpha types that will walk over you if you give them the chance.
- bonus structure was outdated - such a large corporation meant large levels of bureaucracy - minimal growth in the Canadian market. Most promotions were in Redmon
The project here may be a bit away from practical use.
encourage long hours for success
A lot of people have been there too long and need to be moved on Very highly outsourced environment as a result technical knowledge within the organization can be poor Too much middle management which results in a lot of politics Poor career opportunities in International locations A lot of pointless meetings, emails and roles
High work load and pressure
A big complex company that's hard to navigate and understand. The quality of your manager can really impact your career path, they need to be proactive and willing to stand up for you to ensure you get bonuses and promotion.
Tough to make a big impact. Some favoritism occurs in regions. Some office politics exists. Tough targets sometimes. Not too many cons for this company
High tens Organization is having big changes
Difficult to feel part of the overall strategy. Far too much internal secrecy around products and strategy.
If you take your foot of the gas, it may be time to leave sooner than you think. Lots of Alpha types that will walk over you if you give them the chance.
encourage long hours for success
Not a lot of room for growth if you are primarily sales based. A lot of unorganized managers. Not many perks when it comes to hardware.
High work load and pressure
not much learning , can be more challenging
I managed the Asia region and this is the first company I see that truly draw a line between FTE and vendor. Its not so much in America and Europe region but I see a great deal in Singapore and Japan region. MS should standardize and remove away that line to ensure a harmonized working culture.  MS should also standardize the cafe throughout the region. America has good subsidise rate on the cafe. Not much for the other regions.
Org model is in a flux, especially if working for the country subsidiaries
bugged to the core, slow like a snail, selfish and lazy like a civil servant, backward technology (in some services, it's 10 to 20 years if not more in late, security is none and clearly is a joke regarding the current state of what is possible), inergonomic, illogic, cumbersome, bad communication, complexity in essence, useless, ugly, verbose... Basically a good google and apple culture injection is needed there for the sake of sanity.
Highly political , people who are yes kind move ahead. They do not like employees challenging management. You have to accept whatever they through at you, even if its not in your interest. People have ego and they will go to the extent to destroy you. Keep throwing ball within own group of people. Runs like a dynasty. Unrealistic quota setting, nobody makes money no one complains.
Very less employees in the Mississauga Office
Folks make no mistake, it is a support role with creative designation names and not meant for those who have worked in development roles. Brand name is very enticing and pulling but there are loads of riders. And if you think that switching into other divisions in MS after getting a foot in the door, nopes! Its easy to gain your beloved roles directly rather than taking an indirect route as the pressure and atmosphere will hold your throat even breathing becomes difficult. 1. Work pressure is cutthroat due to never ending waves of tickets 2.Even to login 30 mins late/ break you wil have to drop a mail to the team saying coming late or going out of office.And it is expected you follow this always. 3. Oncall and shift rotations will wreak a havoc on your body. Weekends will be a thing of past. During oncall you are expected to be available 4 hours extra. No extra pay for that. And weekend on call work will only give you a compoff and nothing else guys!! its ridiculous but true. You get oncall rota once in 2 months or so. DUring that time you work for 12 hours x 7 Days. Icing on that cake is : You get compoff only and only if you get a call on weekend. So no body cares if you stayed back at home to be readily available for work. One more icing on the cake: No broadband charges get reimbursed for login from home. You are expected to go to office and work. 4. Developers who have worked in relaxed environment will start feeling the pinch from the first day on the floor. 5.On the first day of training ,the customer calling exercise will make you think where have you landed. 6.Production down scenarios are daily affair. Either you wear dont care attitude or else stress will switch you off. 7.Lengthy continuous call running upto 5-6 hours atleast 2-3 days a week is a norm not an exception. During these type of marathon calls you will be working with 5-6 minutes of break once every Now coming to the actual learning experience 1. Neverthless you will be exposed to vast technologies but you will end up sacrificing the depth that is needed to become a seasoned technical architect or your MVP roadpath.. 2.work from home option is just there but many riders before you use it. 3. Big No No for creative folks or developers as you will soon end up forgetting the coding bit. 4.Every minute is accountable and you have to log it with explaination and justification If you exceed the hours for solving some issues , questions will be asked as they may not buy what you say. Coming to compensation 1. This division has the lowest salary bands in MS.  Summary : If you dont like being on the call most of your day, talking to person and answring their queries,problems etc etc, dont even look at this side as the brand name will pull you without even you realizing that you are making a radical shift from development to support.
Organizational complexity affecting coordination and communication across teams, functions and business units.
Complicated compliance and programs that are driven top down from the US and sometimes not relevant to be successful. Also a lack of empowerment
Poor review process and promotions were given to personal friends
Sometimes too much work pressure
low salary, less competitive, slow promotion
competitive environment, demanding, developer feels like the the "black workers" in comparison to PMs, reserchers, etc, always getting critics as if it was the guide to managers to make the worker improve..., politics and visibility are an influence factor.
Poor management skills, at least for the Romania subsidiary, poor training and very few opportunities to be promoted. Different benefits for contractor and FTE roles, which cannot be justified.
No cons as such.Its really nice
No cons as such.Its really nice
Terrible HR team Terrible pre hire experience / negotiation Hiring standards & rewards/benefits inconsistent & unfair Onboarding process not up to mark
The organization and the processes kills many times innovation at work.
your experience is heavily dependent on your team and group
Ambiguity when it comes to the next steps, to job security.
This program is getting underfunded and not many opportunities to turn into a real job
+Work-life balance +Being a vendor sucks +static career development
nothing much, being agile at market place maybe one.
- Open-space environment  - Boring projects with no architecture (lots of legacy code)  - Compensation
Low compensation and low growth
Low compensation and low growth
Slow to move and change. Hard to escalate and be entrepreneurial. Too much process.
some politics they need to control and give a better atmosphere.
Constant restructures, meaning a lot of changes in jobs and roles.
Short-term Sales/Financial Focus versus the long-term and consultive approach they want to develop within their customers. Promotions and overall carreer progressions tends to be quite political - sourcing the right relationships on the inside rather than the true merits of your work.
Senior people try to be politically right in some teams
Low growth/ Career opportunities, Leadership
middle management is very bad. and has recruting issues
The implementation of programs of Digital Transformation at LATAM subisdary level are not well implemented, and the coordination of Acount Teams are not custommer centric
- Work-life balance is problem in many cases
Senior people try to be politically right in some teams
Management is busy with reporting and self-promotion, female officially have equal rights, however employed just for the number to be, usually get lower levels, lots of scorecard-oriented activity instead of business
- Too many old school thinking of IT, many of them are senior & principal - Old school managers with metric thinking & reporting mindset -> changing mindset beginn - Old mindset how IT still works - pure too old middle management
Sometimes can feel like you're just a number.
Big organisation, sometimes just a number
non-competitive compensation, hard to handle large project
Performance oriented and limited opportunities to grow in other career areas
No growth in the company
internal politics takes a toll and 1 bad manager might ruin your career
there is none cons in Microsoft!
there is none cons in Microsoft!
Suffers from the same problems as any big listed company.
Nothing wrong to say about Microsoft
overload and hard work which get you so difficult to have life balance
Very competitive environment but as many multinational companies. The changes sometime are very drastic and you need to be ready very quickly.
no cons that i know of
Too many internal process High competition within company
-- -- -- -- --
Much lower salary than the same position in the office in Seattle. The options of teams/techs here are also pretty limited.
1. Work and life not balance 2. Strongly feel that things we're working on is not the focus from HQ's perspective
The only thing I can say here is that some people leave for better paychecks, not better work places.
overload and hard work which get you so difficult to have life balance
no benefits at all for CS employees
Tons of Cons 1 - Manager - The biggest threat to your job in your Manager. Most of the managers in this company are people manager without any contribution to business or revenue. Considering they are cost to company, it is very hard for them to justify there job. So they will ensure your job is difficult to save their job. The managers are not even aware of the projects and the client you are working on. 2 - Work life Balance - Depends on the project and job 3 - Learning - Zero learning, expect politics
No cons so far. You will love the company and environment here.
Work life balance and lower salaries in Italy
Lay offs every few years.
still strugling between B2C and B2B sales cycle
Not a great place to work as a woman. Full of middle aged white men who golf.
No Travel to onsite opportunities
Tend to reshuffle the company on a frequent cadence
work hours are too long
Big, Slow, need lots of consultations to get things done.
High pressure sometimes, little room for errors
- Slow moving. - Lots of process. - Bureaucratic to a certain point. - Too big, which means too many people and sometimes not enough owners.
The toughest part is the work life balance. Heavy demands placed on sales people and onerous internal processes make it difficult to respond quickly to business opportunities
Work life balance is not up to the mark
Work life balance, compensation and benefits, market approach
Sometimes it's more about how you score or appeal better internally than being actually great at job, to be promoted or rewarded so full potential of people are not being used
Sometime delays in moving forward in some decisions
Sometimes it's more about how you score or appeal better internally than being actually great at job, to be promoted or rewarded so full potential of people are not being used
Compensation could be a bit better but it's not the worst. You really gotta fall in line with company directives and depending on your manager this can be a real pain.
Past approach to marketplace still haunts clients of Microsoft where reps only showed up at license renewal time. Some clients still see Microsoft as only Windows and Office.
Internal issues, bad managarial skills
My role has changed 3 times in 18 months due to continual organisational change and has left me disengaged and feeling unempowered, overwhelmed and so caught up in corporate internal processes that too little time is spent focusing on empowering our customers.
Financially not as much as we hope
too many processes and policies
You can work where and when you want, but the workload is high
Microsoft is a Big brand, So we have to follow standard procedures, which is where some times you may feel bind up.
I can't recall any cons
Thank you for contributing to the community. Your opinion will help others make decisions about jobs and companies.
Re-org culture, it can be relentless and depressing and while has sometimes been successful the unpleasant feeling of going through a re-org to know that another one is needed is dreadful.
Brown nosing needed for career moves. Feedback not well appreciated. Leadership is asking for pure execution rather than motivating teams
Annual layoffs targeting employees over 40 and in senior roles, very Redmond-centric, career development only at GM-level and above, Services are a crap org to be in (everything moving to India, firing senior people,hiring only recent grads). Still forced curve in performance reviews, lower performers pruned out yearly. Very few good roles outside of Redmond, company prefers hiring external vs. internal.
Sometimes things are too much randomized
tools, not open source.
middle management should share the growth opportunities
Can get a bit hectic at times but it is part and parcel of being a employee at any company
Constantly changing the organisation structure
Not so good work life balance in few cases
There are no cons I can specificate at this point.
- limited room for growth, only managed accounts in a certain place, can't see a larger view - the organization is too big and everyone does really specific job, hard to do things end-to-end - don't really have opportunities to co-work with other segments unless you're in technical support segments, for the other segments, it's more like closing the door and doing its own business
very bad politics, managers are not technical, they have no clue what is technology and they just know how to blah blah blah
Interdependence between teams delays work
Annual somewhat random and disruptive reorganisations (and redundancies)
Management, leadership, constantly changing strategy.
Too many incompetent managers caught in stupid politics. Neputism and corrupt in many ways. MS would need to focus on getting rid of the internal problems that have been going on for too long
Lack of technical resources in the territory.
Large company with challenges that typically come with that (longer decision making times, cumbersome processes etc).
Not the best at marketing our products and sometimes too risk-averse (less so now, as that is changing).
None to share at this moment
Lacks campus in Bangalore. There are many companies which are giving more salaries for the same work.
A lot of reorganizations. internal mobility are limited
There's a risk of bureaucratic tendencies taking precedence over actual work concerns.
the toilets are dirty not clean at all
too much free time and not many hot women
you don't get food like google but your work impacts millions
As it's a great company, where everybody would like to work, the environment is competitive and, sometimes, agressive. Performance reviews is not always fair, due to managers' subjectivity.
Declining job security as the company seems to be relying on partners and digital marketing in a hasty way instead of respecting the capability of sales people who are working in the filed.
Centralised management and job descriptions
you can be lost in a big project.
Great place, but go in with your eyes open. Can sometimes be slow to move, difficult to get things done. Can be political. Limited opportunities in Microsoft Ireland Sales and Marketing, so think about opportunities involving travel.
I do not have any cons
heavy traffic to HQ, a challenge going to office
Crazy competition, lack of collaboration
Microsoft technology specific and processes hinder.
boring job profile and repeative work
Too many changes too soon Can't think of too many cons since the leadership is heading the company in the right direction
Still transforming and changing which causes a lot of unrest.
- Transparent motives behind what management is saying and what they mean: customer service = need more sales
1. Very highly political organization 2. The old timers donot let new blood settle in 3. Hire and Fire 4.Inward Focussed instead of customer focussed
bureaucratic and political, slow career growth
constant company reorganization, lower than market salary unless you over perform
Work Life balance missing No Job security Have to keep good networking with employees. This is major skill apart from technical
Frequent reorganisations, faceless HR, worldwide HQ can be very prescriptive
A lot of pressure at certain times of the year, very self-starter so don't expect to have your hand held through induction.
Lots of sidetracking on non-core responsibility Corp intervention on Sub
Not much investment outside of United States
Too big, too much red tape, too many people who can only operate a handbrake
Everyday everytime I'm working, too many small projects going on cannot focus
Work life balance is way more work and less life regardless what the company claims, it really needs to fit your lifestyle
A lot of pressure at certain times of the year, very self-starter so don't expect to have your hand held through induction.
America centric company. Felt like Ireland office were told what to do and things could change at any time.
Everyday everytime I'm working, too many small projects going on cannot focus
Slowly changing but still stuck in "big company" process with constant business reporting and over-the-top compliance which slows down business needs and leads to employee, partner, and customer dissatisfaction.
subsidiaries do not abide with the corp's regulations
Less adaption to subs needs, mid level executives inefficiency
Constant changes and lack of support from leadership, teams are still siloed
Compensation and benefits are a bit lacking compared to other tech companies in Australia. Too much work and stress. Almost every PFE has this haggard look with dark circles around their eyes. It's no coincidence. Need to be a jack of all trades: Deep and wide technical knowledge, soft skills with clients, understanding of the inner workings of the business, able to 'sell' products. Although all these skills are required, once again, the compensation is quite poor. Company provided computers are not sufficient for technical work. They are specced way too low. PFE Role feels like an afterthought to the rest of the business. Not much opportunity for growth internally as the max level of a PFE caps out very low compared to other roles.
Nothing to point out in specific
Nothing to point out in specific
it's a big company u know
This is very stressful environment
Lack of promotion from within. Some directors of engineering / some managers / leads can be cliquey, this prevents promotion based on the majority of individual contributors work as they do not fit into the clique of white, male, into drinking beer and wine, chatting around and playing games rather than actual working.
I didn't find any cons here.
Not innovating as fast as it could, but with Satya, things are going to change.
Being Microsoft, the compensation should be better than the market.
High Political Organization which is why many people leave
This is for the Bangalore office - extreme competition that isn't necessarily always fair.
Politics is everywhere, from the bottom till the top - more so evident in the Asia offices of Microsoft. Don't dream of promotions - almost non existent. Managers are weak and almost of no caliber - all of them are there due their who's who connections. It has gotten worse from the post Ballmer era....
1. If you are in Global delivery, There is no work life balance. 2. Yearly hikes are as good as none.(average hike is 3%-8%) 3. No respect for personal time. 4. No respect to IGD employees from the product group, we are treated as good as any vendors. 5. no growth at all. 6. Everyone charges 16 hours a day to clients. 7. You have to work on development for more that one Client at a time.
Politics is everywhere, from the bottom till the top - more so evident in the Asia offices of Microsoft. Don't dream of promotions - almost non existent. Managers are weak and almost of no caliber - all of them are there due their who's who connections. It has gotten worse from the post Ballmer era....
none that we can think of
Work structure a little too rigid
middle management, high pressure waiting for backfills, little time for personal development outside of daily work. if people had time to shadow, collaborate more, there would be little need for formal training
Job security due to frequent re-org. Can get lost in a big crowd. Expected to keep up to date with cutting edge technology to stay relevant, which may not be possible due to work pressure. Services domain is same as other run of the mills outside. Better place to work is engineering and R&D. Office politics can get a bit excessive. Poor work life balance for customer facing roles.
Sometimes I have to work until late to finish my job. However, it is very rewarding when the job is done and the customer feels good with the final result.
stressful, working hard, change a lot
Maintaining a satisfactory work/life balance was difficult for me
Needs to be more considerate to people in tough times
Your role might change very drastically to meet the demands of the ever changing software ecosystem. If you can cope with that, it's an excellent place to work for.
lower stock awards then compettition, bad middle managment
Low visibility within the company Hard to grow Work/Life balance is challenging
there are no cons about it.
I don't have cons. I really love to work for MS
lot of administration and rules
Too big organization, too many layers.
demanding and fast moving environment, working accross timezones
Brand on Your Resume: After many years of losing market share and struggling to be at the front end of innovation and the fact that there's 90,000 employees, don't think MSFT is necessarily going to be attractive on your resume to more agile and smaller companies. Managing Your Career: Make you say this out loud so it registers - 90,000 employees work there. Double that for vendors. It is VERY hard to "stand …
1. Too much polities 2. More priorities to college hires compared to lateral 3. Very difficult to switch technical team even if you're expert on that domain 4. Career depends to Team manager more than performance .
Too big organization, too many layers.
nothing really specific, some politics around which are there everywhere.
Has some corporate annoying procedures, internal politics play a role. Industry perception of the company is wrong - there is a lot of innovation going on using cutting edge technologies.
Leadership, I would like to take challenges. And pass thought it very easy and carefully.
Business fiscal is June and there is always a re-shuffling
big company so you need to work on some tiny stuff.
Hiring is flawed here and anyone is put at any level. Less experience folks will be at higher positions for sure. Lateral managers entering company are trying best to change ms culture into service industry. Lateral hired Architects who doesn't even.know ABC of Microsoft stack. Cutting edge technology is not used internally and no one cares about it too in India unless Redmond asks it.
Too many changes and political.
office politics. annual bell-curve attrition
1. Work life balance 2. Compensation for few people will be less despite their contributions compared to least contributor.
there are no cons as such
no career planning and extremely challenging at times
Limited marketing budget unlike competititors
No cons are there. Its a great company
Too much politics when it comes to making large design decisions, disregard for non-Redmond team development and visibility
Does not have a culture of developing good people managers
boring tech, old school, low income
-Night shift ( as support has to be given for NA, EMEA, APAC but other time zones like IST, GMT are also there) -Have to work on public holidays
Sometimes get difficult handling pressure and maintaining work life balance. However, if planned well, I feel Microsoft gives a better deal in WFH than other companies.
During this transformation, the company needs to operate like a startup and absolutely everything internally needs to change, however, Microsoft's board of directors and many of it's shareholders are old guard who are only interested in a short term profit and don't see the value of allowing the company to invest in itself to handle this transformation, so you always feel the pressure to make the number at all costs while operating like a non-profit. Sometimes you get the feeling competitors are moving far ahead despite the koolaid you're drinking.
Growth is slow. Very severe competition within folks
Stressfull some times, work under presure
there no much more cons.
Nothing as such, still taking time to switching to open source. carrier is limmited to microsoft technologies. Require to work pn employee satisfaction
Almost everything HR basically doesn't exist, they have screwed up all the official papers they have ever provided, furthermore they were not supportive at all.
- Less opportunities then US - Bureaucracy
Too much politics. Engineers used to be pitted against each other. The situation is improving but not even close as fast as they claim.
It was hectic at times
flat hierarchy, less chances of vertical growth
In transition Mia of old guards and new style workers Leadership team too focus upwards
Lots of politics in the working place
You have to know how to navigate the corporate world, play the game and shout loud and think outside the box
In transition Mia of old guards and new style workers Leadership team too focus upwards
Stiff competition throughout the store, things may get redundant, and etc. Good hours depending on location. It's front line customer service, so do your best smile.
- Depending on the department, can get too competitive. - Just like any other mega company, people come and leave as often as a teenager changes clothes.
none that i can think of
Complexity of Org, Silo'ed at times, can take time to execute
Culture is changing too slowly
could not find anything, love working there
Over engineered processes (way more complex than other company of that size), middle management weak and useless, poor leadership at the country level, poor people management for field sales
Very boring and redundant. Much like every other retail job, feels somewhat degrading to wear bright coloured tee-shirts all day
* Work/life balance (or more exactly lack of). Stress is a constant part of the job. Consulting roles are very time-demanding and can involve lots of travel. Sales roles have more time flexibility, but have very challenging quotas to meet. * Internal politics. You get more visibility via networking with the right people than your own work merits. I don't know how bad this is in the Headquarters or other subsidiaries, but it is very pronounced in Australia. This is not a good place to work if you're a "quiet achiever" but if you're an extrovert who's very good at self-promotion you'll go far. * Lots of internal politics - "who you know" is very important. Managers (at least in Australia) are simply swapped across divisions instead of promoting people within their own teams.
demanding environment and tight time structure
Frequent re-organisations can be unsettling Need to keep showing the value you are bringing to the company
nothing bad to work here
some divisions have office politics
Complicated compensation, frequent changes in compensation.
Balance between work and life was not good... Too many conference calls at the evening and night time..
The company is currently transforming so things are changing rapidly.
Each end of fiscal year is marked by "restructuring" which means - some people will be fired, teams moved or teams wiped off. And fine, they are a big company. But if you want to stay in the company, change your workplace or similar, they will treat you just as any outsider. They won't give you a new chance to stay with them and use your expertise and years you spent there - but at the same time they will offer jobs to people over linkedin and organise "career days" where you can refer someone for a job position in microsoft. That is just pathetic and I am personally disgusted by it.
Can be very tensed due to it fast paced . low work-life balance
Too much pressure Online conference meeting at late night Too much travel
Inter department collaboration could be better
Very bureaucratic, lots of admin, lots of processes to follow. The constant change meant lots of mistakes that could have been avoided, like errors to the compensation tracking system. Microsoft also struggled to focus - they would give you over 20 product areas to "focus" on. Not enough technical specialists in teams managing smaller customers.
I've heard that promotions and ranking-up could turn quite political at the high levels, but I guess you'll find that pretty much everywhere.
Performance Reviews ( a joke), Difficult to progress if you don't have the "right friends". If you are there for more than 10 years, prepare....your performance will drop even if you get your goals and so :-)
- You need to love networking, your career is dependent on your network not really your results only - Many job descriptions are fluffy, people doing not much but just talking
None identified at this time
People being rated on BS instead of actual work. Often happened that someone got a better review by basically making up things they did.
Overly worked times well over 40 hours a week sometimes people need a holiday or some time off but not loose there job either
internal operations to much time consuming
Moves very slowly, management needs to be more agile
Quality of Work for Performers
Slow career progression and no
Not many that I can think of.
Sometimes very dispersive Sometimes repetitive
Few customer facing opportunities, Influence without power
Work quality in Microsoft IT
Large companies have a lot of inertia which can make change difficult
The average ages of employees are 40+....
Few customer facing opportunities, Influence without power
Large companies have a lot of inertia which can make change difficult
too many comples process that needs stream lining
Extremely poor work experience, they hire developers for devops, poor work life balance (as bad as Amazon, where work experience is generally good), thousands of emails in ur inbox per week, developer productivity is very low. Some food items they serve r unhealthy.
work hours, unfriendly employees, tools available compared to Google, slow support teams
Being a huge company means steady and slow growth for most people in the bell curve.
Too big to give everyone a chance to show impact, lots of restructuring going on, no time to focus on what really matters, the people
Work-life balance is a problem for Support Engineers as Nights shifts will be there
Work life balance sucks, Lot of politics in MSGD Hyderabad branch. Manager will make you work on multiple projects simultaneously to get more billing which ruins to your work life. Lot of stress. You can't say no to work on multiple projects otherwise your manager blackmails you of bad rating and termination some times. Unethical practices have been following a lot like, some US federal govt projects expects team member to work on only their projects which Microsoft agree's during the contract. But Microsoft Hyderabad doesn't care about it. It tries to put team members of these federal govt project members in other projects as well by cheating the Federal Govt. This is going to bust at some point. When it happens it is going to bring a lot of bad reputation on Microsoft Hyderabad's (MSGD) part.
Since it is a huge company visibility for your work is not always gaurenteed. Also things tend to go very slowly.
Not Applicable. There is really nice.
Slow reaction to market events, product quality is dropping since cut test
- despite a huge revenue quite skimpy on spending budget on things like xmas party, offsites etc
love it itd very good
It's far from Belgrade but still not that bad
The most interesting thing are happening in Redmond.
Overtime on month ends, quarter ends Sometimes weekend work There are no bank holidays (Christmas, Easter, Paddy's day...etc)
Nothing to share . . . .
- Work life balance can occassionally be a problem - Local subsidiary politics
Too much maintenance work and live site culture.
Too much maintenance work and live site culture.
No Cons, only workers here
No cons which can be measured. Literally nice enough company.
Nothing as such it only depends on the individual opinion
Too few people to master a lot of different products and too many scorecard to achieve. Worklife balance is super bad.
None that comes to mind.
workload, direction, strategy, food in canteen, senior management
- Too much bureaucracy - Slow to follow/drive market changes
Nothing to share really. I think every organisation has its downsides bit in this case I can't point out any major ones
work/life balance, who you know is more important than what you do
slow response in China market
Like all big companies, sometimes the directives/projects may seem contrived, or the lower down employees may not feel like they have much say over them. Lower salary than the other leading tech giants, though still pays quite well. Stress in the workplace was pretty high at times however.
none that I experienced it was an all round good experience for me
The Culture within the organization is rather abrasive and will be a rude shock for people who have worked in European companies or companies with a more people focused approach to overall personnel management. The "sales numbers" are clearly more important than the people assets and this is evident in the management to staff interactions and has resulted in staff seeing throwing their peers under the proverbial bus as a way to make themselves look better as opposed to actually striving to improve themselves. There is also a strong sense of insincerity amongst "colleagues" and leadership making for a very "surface" type relationship within the organization.
Not much considering employee's life
lack of big innovation recently .
the amount of work is too much
complexity, politics, travel, competition, employee turnover
NOthng is bad here. good everything
Just like with any retail job it is hard to actually move up.
Awful manager who had a bullying management style HR who knew what was going on and allowed it anyway
work life balance needs adjusting
Just part time, I want full time job
I believe it's a different experience for different people.
The company never disappointed me so far.
i don't know any contras so far
Too US-centric, fewer roles outside of US
Long hours, moral and be positive
Fellow coworkers are pretty cool but there is a tendency to hire really young staff who either don't care about the job or don't really know much about technology.  Not much room for growth.  Staff discounts are horrible. Same as the education discount given to students.  Work/Life balance sucks but that's just like any other retail position.
Nothing much to say here. I was extremely satisfied with my experience at Microsoft.
Work life Balance, Politics, Constant Organization changes
Huge work load Freshers might get more salary than you and less responsibility than you. Ad-hoc work, estimations go wrong in 90% projects, you end up working late at night.
Very slow career progress, salaries are not
work life balance is not good.
Focus is on inside the company not on the customers.
political work load artificially created high pressure
While I mention work flexibility is good, the dark side to this is virtually everyone I knew, to keep up with the high intensity of work was working at least some evenings and the occasional weekend just to keep everything moving and just to keep on top of their Inbox.  Promotion and acceleration at the company is all about who you know, who is your supporter and at the end of the day very much based on how liked you are by the senior leaders. The vast majority of people at MS are top performers but promotions are more strongly linked to your political maneuvering than the quality of your work.  MS is constantly changing its review method, they went from stack ranking which was a negative experience, to now giving you and end of year assessment but not telling you how you are 'stack ranked' even though they still essentially rank you to decide your bonus level as an example.  I have seen several people brutally pushed out of the company, so if they want to get rid of you there is not much you can do.  My advice, don't join the rate race. Get a job at MS, do what you need to do to perform positively and keep your job and then go home in the evenings and weekends and spend time with your family, friends and loved ones if you value that higher than senior positions/higher pay. You will always just be a little fish that they are bleeding dry to get everything out of you and then reward you with small treats to keep 'addicted' to want to constantly run in the rat race...
Changes are sometimes very unexpected, and this in a negative way
I worked in a site out of Seattle, which felt always like not being at the heart of the activities and the decisions...
Most decisions are made in the US
Mid level management needs to reward employees based on performance and usefulness to the company​in future
low salaries, midweek day off
MS IT is just not up to the mark.No transparent selection procedure.
There isn't much training or training material (beyond what is already publicly available). So it's up to you to try to learn on your own (particularly since you're not hands-on).  Performance reviews are very heavily focused on metrics which might have little to do with your actual job. Also stacked ranking is alive and well, so your basis for comparison is other PFEs at that level as you (e.g.: level 60 -- non-senior PFE). However, some of those people might have been at the company for 10 years, so by comparison you might fail to obtain a top-quadrant review (which affects your bonus).  There is a fair amount of travel and you can't necessarily get around it, because one of the most important metrics is utilization. So you could spend up-to 70% of your time travelling.  Work-Life balance isn't good because you need to do a lot of preparatory work and follow-ups (one PFE manager stated that he didn't know anyone who did less than 60 hours of a week of work).  The services division at Microsoft is a lot less organized than you'd expect.
Two tier employment system. Contractors doing the same amount of work, if not more to secure their role, but not included in away days, where they'd ultimately learn more about their colleagues & the business.
Redmond-centric, not the best org structure
Long process for changes.
An American company that's very US focused. Always a battle between field teams and corp (US centric) view. Company constantly in a state of change/reorg, combined with performance based company means job security is a concern.
Gulf management became very racist and discriminative recently. They make kinda anonymous surveys but then bad raters are figured out by managers and fired. Inexperienced managers are quite tricky and has the full power to do anything they want
local sub not great place
Seattle controlled with limited ability to change basis market requirement. Red Tape and incompetent old timers hold company back.
No problems at all in that company
Communication could be better. Two tier employment.
internal processes, administration tools, bureaucracy
The job can take all of your time - if you allow it. Very important to stay diligent about spending time with family and take care of your health.
Many layers of management, Slow pace due to bureaucracy
nothing to comment on this
nothing that I can think of
Hard to get things done, lots of free riders
Terrible, misleading performance review process. On paper, it's based on your own contributions to business, your contributions to others, and your leverage of others. In reality, it's a Beauty Pageant, where the most popular, well liked employees are praised. If you're the quiet type, good luck. Highly vocal people get ahead and into management positions regardless of their fitness to the role.
It's quite far from my house.
Still a massive organization that can be difficult to navigate
there is a lot of misalignment between the different areas. It is neccesarry to have objectives more aligned to the customer. if you are more business oriented, this company sometimes is to much oriented to product instead of customer cases and business solutions. There is Lots of overhead. Managers are not properly trained to motivate team. The teams are not coordinated and many times you fell you are alone. Career development is almost inexistent.
Legacy reputation for not being innovative Middle management is coming from legacy era
Processes are long an tedious. Management is lack of flexibility.
You need to get used to Norway
politics, reorgs, mediocre senior management
Lot of time is spent is frequent organization changes.
Very poor structure with way to many "manager" titles but no management/leadership structure. Everybody works away on their own thing and collaboration is a bad word. If you are passionate about the quality of your work and a perfectionist about seeing things through to completion then this is not the place for you
restricted to .net and C# technologies. but the company is moving towards open source languages
the people is mostly still old school and really pushy
small teams, lots of working hours
nothing that I can think of
Mature Organization, less opportunities to grow vertically
I can not think of anything
Partners unhappy and business now declining after many years success Inexperienced leadership team with no strategy Political No trust
Most of the UK roles have a sales component to the job. All the engineering and most of the creative roles are in the US.  It's hard to switch off sometimes, and get the right work life balance.
There is a large proportion of contingent staff and you are made to feel less worthy than permanent employees. There was a distinct division between the two and yet often we were doing exactly the same job.
Non that I can think of
Less space not much technical staff or training at least in Lahore,Pakistan office
sometimes you can feel a little pressure, and that you are working in a big factory, you can have some work to do back at home
Tough to change teams and projects
Some divisions do have a toxic culture - very political!
None I could find !!
Very demanding deadlines and always pressure job
Too much centralized in terms of strategy and marketing plan development perspective, that makes some people lose his/her passion for marketing. No need to say about politics or many people are spending their time to convince internal people. Therefore being customer obsessed is bit difficult in this organization.
Pathetic. Microsft GTSC is spoiling the life of Engineers, newly hired from top colleges. Apart from MACH, so called college hires, you dont see any engineers on floor, they are all from call centers or flunked in a degree and have no tech knowledge. Because of this the entire environment is political and they will not let you grow. Please quit as soon as you finish your internship. Dont fall for brand and pay. This is pathetic and will spoil your career and you wont know what to do next.
there are no cons
Rife with political versus performance based progression
- Super cooperate environment - Hierarchical - Very American - Most career opportunities in Seatle at the HQ
high competitive, easy to work much more than expected, political environment influence some decisions
As an intern the project that you get might / might not interest you, as I had seen from some of my fellow interns getting upset by the project assigned.
Get a job as Full time Employee not as a Vendor. It makes a huge difference
You have to work, if you are the kind of person that can talk yourself out of work, forget it! Another con is location, there are lots of great positions that I could totally land and excel at but because I can't work from Redmond/Bellevue/Seattle I rarely get to even be in the interview loops.
lot of process, often very difficult to navigate through the organisation as just very big and dont know where to start
Perhaps quite a bit of pressure to perform but that is expected. It's quite easy to work overtime without realising it so if you're not the best at work life balance then you might lose time.
Working at a large multinational, not in their home office, means you can struggle for attention and growth opportunities.
can be tough to stand out as you're mixing with the best
Microsoft going through streamlining at the moment - so constant fear of losing your job with reorganization plans and buy outs. Poor work life balance - everyone working long hours.
Management is sucks. Manager never involve in the meetings so they don't know what exactly your doing. They just judge based on the perception.
This review is for the young ENGINEERS from TOP colleges of India who decide to join Microsoft GTSC role as soon as they finish their Degrees. Microsoft hires from Campuses. they are known as MACH hires. We are a part of them. We got carried away by the brand name and the pay that they offered. One of the pro's of being a MACH is you will be treated like royalty in GTSC for the initial few months. The administration who take care of MACH are EXELLENT. But once you get pushed to different teams and you come under different administration your life is going to change. However, there are one/two teams which have good administration but the chances of getting into those teams are very rare. Even if you do get into those teams, the fact is this job does not deserve engineers. It requires the skillset of a person who can sell solutions to customers.  They say that GTSC is not a call center but it is run by the authorities like a call center. We are from one of the topmost colleges in India and we came in to this role thinking it will be a journey of a lifetime. Yes it has become an unforgettaale journey for all of us.  This company is full of politics and biased managers ,ego filled and lazy engineers on floor and arrogant technical advisors (However, there might be exceptions). BUT NEVER TAKE THIS AS YOUR FIRST JOB! Choose to be a developer in a startup for a lesser pay, but never take up this job! Tech support is a kind of job which requires capability of selling solutions to the customers. this job is not for people who come from TECH background.  This job is considered as a golden opportunity for people who come from call center backgrounds who learn a bit of tech stuff and find their way until Microsoft. this job is not for students who come from campuses, who would have worked hard for four years. also, to mention one of the most important things, you can hardly find people with Engineering background in this company. They just know how to troubleshoot and lack technical knowledge. Talking about the growth here, almost every engineer is sluggish and they will drag you down when you decide to grow fast.  Looking at the opportunity outside GTSC once you get here is almost nil. You will be supporting a Microsoft product and you WILL NOT have any other job opportunity. Even if you do, the pay will be bad and will be unwilling to quit and you will be forced to stay here.  Also, the shifts that you will have to work in. You will become an unhealthy person with all sorts of health problems. You will have to sleep at around 8 AM in the morning and get up at 5 PM in the evening and run to the office. Your whole eating habits will change. You will feel very unhealthy. Also, working at night will take a toll on your mental health because you will not be in contact with the world at all, as you will be sleeping in the day and working at night. The only set of faces whom you'll see is your teammates.  You will be asked to work over weekends like Sunday to Saturday or Tuesday to Saturday, which will drift you away from normal life. You will start to forget the feel of Sunday morning, as even if you work from Monday to Friday shift, you wont be able to sleep on Saturday night(as you will be awake all over night for the whole week) and sleep through whole day of Sunday. To add on to the woes of this job, any National holiday is considered as a leave. But in order to stay home that day you will need manager approval for it as only a particular number of people can be on leave for a particular day. Most of the time you will be not be getting it as the old employees are smart enough to block it soon and you will be working even during a national holiday. FOR EXAMPLE: YOU WILL HAVE TO WORK DURING DIWALI/CHRISTMAS or INCLUDING NEW YEAR'S EVE!!  If you notice, you can ask hundred people who are currently working and ask them how is the job and everyone gives a good opinion. It's because of the fear of the higher authority like their managers. Do not fall for their words as they will be helplessly hiding the actual truth.  Last but not the least, there will be a huge chunk of people coming from a particular company( Which is basically a call center and we do not wish to disclose the name of that company), who are mostly not engineers and do not have any tech knowledge. You will feel ashamed to sit alongside people who lack tech knowledge and boss over you. also, to mention most of the people (99% and their might be very few exceptions) have reached Microsoft GTSC not by studying the technology, but by being nice to higher officials. If you are from a reputed college, you will not have the mindset of bowing your head without any reason(unless if required) and you will be indirectly punished by higher authorities for not doing so(In terms of year end reviews).  MY ADVICE TO ALL CAMPUS HIRES : Take this job up only if you want to spoil your health and career. If you are from one of the best colleges from INDIA, my advice is not to take up this job. We all know how difficult it is to crack a Entrance exam and find ways to topmost colleges. Don't commit the mistake of joining a TECH SUPPORT. It doesn't matter even if it is Microsoft tech Support! DO NOT FALL PREY FOR THE FACILITIES THEY PROVIDE AND THE PAY THEY PROVIDE! You will be treated like you are from a call center and will be shouted upon by higher authority people like a worker in factory. Do not consider this review as one person's opinion, this is a collective opinion from almost whole of the MACH community.
Internal processes sometimes do not have anything to do with reality
Microsoft going through streamlining at the moment - so constant fear of losing your job with reorganization plans and buy outs. Poor work life balance - everyone working long hours.
salary is not very competitive
Work life balance Bonus payout Work pressure Salary Shifts Concept of managers have more reporters and project managers controlling growth No transparency.
For those who aren't quick to adapt the speed at which the company is moving and transforming can be overwhelming. If you're not looking to take on your role as an entrepreneur of your own area of work - it's not the right environment for you at the moment.
not quite efficient, especially collaborating with other teams
Manager is everything - He or she can get you fired, just bcos he or she dun like you (and HR can't do anything about it) Senior executives are just helping one another to keep their jobs & stocks. Performance review is still subjective even after revamp. Appointment of Business Leaders depends on who you know, not what you've done. Most Sales Leaders never or hardly visit any customers and if they do, they pay lip services unless there is a huge order in the pipeline for the quarter. Targets are wishfully set without clarity and visibility on the business. Compensation are painfully curated for non performers to win even when you dun do much, as long as you know who is up the corporate chain.
It is not Google alas
stagnant career growth and hike cycle
It all depends on your attitude.
Burocracy and internal reporting are heavy.
Work life balance might go for a toss, and there are too many @lpha male personalities
sometimes it is more important whom you know than who you are
no no no no no
Several layers of area management over subsidiaries make the work in country organizations very stiff and bureaucratic. A lot of leaders that do not understand the fact that they're working in a sales and marketing organization, not in the headquarters.
- There is no good channel to provide feedback about managers - Despite inspiring talks by the CEO, many employees seem to have a negative perspective about the company - Reward process still encourages competition within each group and between groups
Salary not high, non-customer focus
Away from reality and should focus more on grounds up innovation.
Long work hours, lack of training
low paycheck for the number of hours to work
Microsoft is very Redmond centric
Quality of work is a concern.
Nothing much sometimes mid management growth is a little poor
s-l-o-w, lots of legacy and previous baggage that detracts from moving towards the objective, too many meetings, lots of lifers, lacks the grit and courage to do the right thing by the customer sometimes, disconnected teams and products that should be more interconnected, too many PM's (read: too many cooks in the kitchen)
lower than market salaries, too many re-orgs
Still has the ability to make poor acquisitions such as Nokia and Linked in. Some of the management one layer down are not particularly strong. The company is still a bit bloated and needs to slim down more, particularly in Marketing.
Work life balance is not very good
Processes can get in the way sometime
defensive and some survival tricks in the sysytem
Sometimes the work can get overwhelming and tiring.
Internal feedback is not always helping you
- Too much time spent on reporting to global leadership
very bad at marketing as it involves only paper work more than customizing things for india market
- The workload is high (more of a observation than a real disadvantage). It's just how the deal is by Microsoft - you get quite a lot, and you need to achieve accordingly. - (Cross-group) collaboration: Although all colleagues are well-meaning, there can be clashes when your respective objectives and interests do not match. This could result in either you don't getting traction with other colleagues and organizational units or result in others actively working in an opposite direction. So you need to be able to cope with that. - Too many internal tools. There might be a lot of tools you need to appease in your daily work. Which to an extent is like administrative overhead - present in more or less any job, but ask around about the specific unit/position you are considering. - (Management) scorecard focus. As an American company which also heavily utilizes The New World of Work there is logically a focus on measuring results - which at times could feel a bit overwhelming.
I joined the company once Microsoft acquired Nokia Mobile Phone business. Pretty much immediately they started several employee co-operation negotiations. Microsoft was not able to build anything positive during the time was there.
No Cons as such. Mid level employees can get stuck in same role if they are not planned about it.
the salary is not high.
Core work is still done at Redmond. Though it is changing, but still may get bored after few years.
- Review system was not the greatest
base salary and promotion speed, self determination
No major negatives, excellent working environment
I really cannot find any. It is a very good company to work for and we are growing so much on the cloud!
The work in Hyderabad is not that good. You cant achieve anything except taking your salary at the end of the month
Exposure to latest technologies will be slow compared to others
As an Enterprise Architect, there were a lot business trips, at least one trip per week.
Political and took ages to get anything done. often inexperienced managers and senior staff who were often in the business a lot longer than they should have been
Slow Response, not very cool somehow.
Work life balance is challenging Too much effort goes on internal policts
Sometimes stressful to maintain work balance.
Nothing that i can think of.
salary, compensation, work life balance
Work life balance is challenging Too much effort goes on internal policts
time demanding with no boundaries - now under restructuring mode there is a lot of people making more than 1 job at the time Depending on the location WW, the company guidance works different so no all "diversity and multicultural" statements are real performance reviews and rating still exist, making people compete against each other HR teams are not people oriented
Give more opportunity for team to meet their customer's more directly.
- Flexibility is only in theory - Very hierarchical - Everyone sucks up to the management - Bipolar behaviour by management - Contradiction to own thoughts at two different points in time - Everything is taken personally - Very biased behaviour towards employees - Feedback is not given properly
-Some politics, largely depending on your team -Bad gender imbalance -Some teams have bad work life balance -Middle management is often dumb. A lot of your success depends on your relationship with your manager, and to a lesser degree their manager
market disruptive changes lower margin
work load is too much in tech ops and it is difficult
Bureaucracy and processes Disempowerment of subsidiaries Corp arrogance
Lack of formal training or certifications offered
The rapidly changing processes wear you out soon. Customer focus is sometimes lost
To big and main actions happen in United States
very corporate no room for creative or growth mindset - great for a few years
Hard to move up the career ladder in smaller subsidiaries
High Pressure, tough review process
Growth seems little slow but performance with impact helps.
- Rather centralized organisation. Career ladder ends pretty quickly outside the US, you hardly find jobs with level 66 or higher outside Redmond. - Buddy culture in Redmond - Decision making mostly at HQ, very little left to the field
Lack of client focus. Clients are only a mean to obtain quarterly sales targets Managers do not involve in achievement. Only controllers of results and forecast Extremely short term orientation, that does not allow client development Lack of a consistent policy of employee valuation and development
Crazy unattainable quotas. Management who have never sold themselves
You may need to find everything for yourself to catch up the dynamics and enable yourself accordingly. Working as a team is beautiful, but building a team is not always as easy & efficient as expected. Learn and learn and learn, and train yourself almost everyday. Getting help from colleagues should be considered ad next best.
Lack of client focus. Clients are only a mean to obtain quarterly sales targets Managers do not involve in achievement. Only controllers of results and forecast Extremely short term orientation, that does not allow client development Lack of a consistent policy of employee valuation and development
None that I have ever known for when I was there. Only thing that it's too hard to work for so long
I was expecting a larger office building, and location is far from where I live. Technical support to customer is very poor
Too much red tape and internal politics at every rung of the corporate ladder. Decisions are made in an extremely slow and inefficient manner (even relative to other Fortune 100 peers).
The two-tier employee system, where "vendors" are treated as equals in everything day to day, except lack the same remuneration, benefits, and job security. Having been both vendor and FTE, can confirm that the claim that FTEs all have something special that vendors lack is nonsense, as is the claim that FTEs are all managers, vendors those that execute. Creates an unpleasant blue badge (FTE) vs orange badge (vendor) culture that breeds resentment and prevents excellent vendor staff from progressing.
- Still heavy on tools and process which don't support customers' business or success - Legacy of institutionalizing the sales process weighs heavily on ability for Sales people to be innovative and proactive in business development - Weakening product knowledge amongst Sales persons when selling to customers.
Occasional reorgs can cause randomisation
Not very collaborative fellow workers.
Many mid-layer management. Wrong direction in Mobile Phone Strategy
deal with lots of legacy code
loads of work at times
It's a very large organisation and sometimes, change takes time, which is tough in the technology space.
some internal politics, but nothing you wouldn't see in similar size orgs.
Not consistent strategy in hardware product portfolio and in software for mobile devices.
I don't have anything to say negative about this company Tony Robbins said t live in the positive
Limited technical (non-consulting) roles in Canada, promotions very difficult unless there's a business need (not dependent on performance), team/matrix culture so it is very difficult to show individual contributions, very drastic shifts in strategies causes lots of change every fiscal.
The first year at Microsoft is always hard : lots of process and many things to learn. work life balance is supposed to be a priority... but single people have more opportunities to evolve than people with families. many travels middle management is sometimes more focused on its own career than their team member's... the end of year review system
New office is a little too small
not many cons, but that depends on the field you´re part of
In the past I had a long list of direct managers that were not very good. However, there is an excellent head of office at the moment who took over after I left. Don't expect to be hand held this is really a company for doers and entrepreneurs. If you do not have a can-do attitude don't apply.
Not fair employee assessment, really talented people quit the company, local management is not competent enough
weak management, too much cross-time-zone communication
Middle management indirection. Some confusion over company direction.
hard to stand out, some departments are focused on the native language only, departments not communicating with each other (alienated)
Big Company, so it is really slow to go to process
None as such, strong organization,
Not many benefits, Reading as location.
- compensation is decent for Ukraine, but still I felt ashamed to name the salary to a lot of peers from other corporations, and for the international corporation it was really coins, - the whole structure is very rigid, changing anything for the better takes immense effort and usually has no support, - the sub in Ukraine is not in a particularly great position, often overlooked and not taken into consideration when regional decision are made, - a hell-ton of work. My work-day often neared 13 hours, and the weekends were not exempt from work. Partially compensated by flexibility of when you need to be present at the office, - global corporate initiatives or better yet regional ones - often cancel whatever your local team was trying to do, or make decisions that cause catastrophic harm to local team's work, often without notifying in advance. We learnt that MS had bought LinkedIn from the news! - PR advisories are often late or incomprehensive, - a lot of politics and intrigues going on in some departments (not so much in Marketing, for example), - did not conduct the cuts and reorganizations graciously, a lot of people were left discontent with the way it was handled, both junior and senior levels.  In short, it's a very good starting point, especially for ambitious people, but I didn't feel like I could stay on for longer than 2-3 years, and a lot of young professionals (my peers) have left or been cut. I suppose when the economic situation in the country is not as dire, the place becomes much better and worth staying for longer.
No work & life balance
No work & life balance
-you only learn Microsoft-only technologies as they only use their technologies (C#, Visual Studio, ASP.NET)
No major cons working here
Market penetration focus and targets
Continues restructuring in the different orgs.
Pay is a bit lower compared to other tech companies if you start out. Would recommend to return after your thirties.
1. Standard large company pains such as red tape and siloing 2. Hard to try new things without the official approval of management 3. Hard to be involved in the roadmap of the product you work on 4. Benefits system is far to complex 5. Into and out of team communication is poor
- If you are in GD, then it's worse than being in an Indian service company like Infosys or Wipro - GD managers are racist, incompetent and usually work on their own whims - No clear growth for GD employees - No work-life balance if you are not on the good books of the managers - GD compensation is a joke. They offer 40% of salary as bonus component but in reality you will not get more than 10%. That said the total annual earning is less than the vendors you work with.
None that I can think of. Overall the best place to work with enough resources to be successful.
as a big corporation there are too many short term changes and lack of stability
Competitive environment. Pressure to sell. Bright stores.
Lacks accountability - due to size, KPIs are distributed and there's a lack of individual and team accountability to drive results Slow & high reorg. frequency - means decisions already made get revisited by the newbie, impacting time to market
I can't think of any cons
would push on sales and were very pressuring. expected a lot from you from the time spent.
too much standing, dont feel important, long shifts and breaks are short
it can be chaotic from time to time
Inter-team rivalries, lack of co-operation and understanding across teams
empire building at mid and top management
The departments work pretty much by themselves, so you will not know many announcement. Like the product development and the IT department doesn't what exactly each other does.
Management based on fear, people with long arms who can smile at your face while stabbing you in the back. Employment contracts not good for the employee.  Far too PC and want to be seen as PC.
Salary is not competitive to other top tech companies
Legacy codebases are extremely hard to work with and require massive onboarding processes.
none comes to mind right now
There is low career progression
Too many old timers clambering their way to the top. No career growth for later arrivals. Staid and stuck in their glory days. Difficult to move across pillars or job categories. ICs stay ICs, Managers stay Managers.
too much management structure, inability to operate globally with same US values
Processes and tools very demanding, complex and no support to help execute them.
Shortage of relationship with Business Decision Makers
some teams do boring stuff
Nothing specific that could make me regret having worked there
Internal processes can slow things down at times...
nothing time - money - car
Salary is somehow under expectation compared to the Microsoft brand
It's real struggle to get to the top for growth
big cooperation. Framed work. big group
A bit of politics, sometimes interal moves are already "closed" when they go open for internal publication...
Cannot think of any cons
it's a large corporate with the cons you would expect (processes etc) difficult to get promotions in certain areas of the usiness unless you know how to play the game - so ensure you get hired at the right job level with a salary that feels right.
Systems need a lot of redesign to handle latest data
High pressure, there are a lot of work to be done in a limited time. To complete that you need to work at home sometimes.
A bit of politics, sometimes interal moves are already "closed" when they go open for internal publication...
It's hard to transform any business, but almost excruciating for traditional Microsoft enterprise business. There's lots of confusion and stress.
Takes over your life, the indoctrination is so clever!
Work life balance is a bit of very smart and driven people, it is what you make it to be.an issue.
internal politics, distance from central team, high staff churn
Promotion tend to be slow if you are not in the talent pool. Every country hiring process is different so you may get different package
way too many reorganizations, people are losing their jobs from day to day
not much personal impact feel like a cog running on a big machine
Sometimes you a an employee have no much possibilities to influence in the strategic decisions
Inter transfer is bit challenging, and changes in team are announced given no / less time
No focus on individual's careers, no help to move you to the next level in the organisation.
Not Cons as such. Great worklife
no commitment with employees. High rotation. impersonal
Decisions come so fast that sometimes seems that no one cares about. Low visibility about the next steps for the business.
Nothing I can think off just ok
review process, 5% mandatory attrition, very frequent year long org changes
Half the people don't do anything but get away by favoritism. Big talks in presentations but no action
Lots of org changes Highly US centric - although international, most decisions are made in Redmond
There is a thick layer of very elderly senior management who are unfit for a fast moving industry such as technology. They never allow someone to grow beyond them. They cancel all the great projects based on their internal political agenda, not thinking about the bottom line of the company. Satya in his first year couldn't improve a thing after Steve Ballmer left, but later on, he progressed.
Sometimes you have to wait for decisions since its a big company.
None that I had to face. Change is the constant here, so some people may have a different perspective to look at it.
I don't have any criticism.
Work Life Balance, Below standard Cafeteria food, Business Politics
very nice and atleast 10 year experience
The worst thing is the worklife balance. This company ask always more. It's good sometimes to have opportunity to lear more but for stress is definitely bad.
European Development Center (EDC) is too full of people that have been there too long. There is very little chance of promotion unless you just started at a low level. Glass ceiling is pretty low. Morale is pretty bad as people are just waiting for redundancy and only doing the bare minimum.
a very competitive environment. Annual performance rating process was unfair and did not align to the work performed. I understand that the process was scrapped after the departure of Kevin Turner. Promotion process unclear and varied greatly between divisions
stock price is till not high
Career stagnation - not hiring nearly as rapidly as when I first joined the organisation which means ability to change roles and do something different is far more challenging then 14 years ago. Too much internal focus around metrics instigated by former COO.
- Poor work-life balance - everything is a scorecard priority
Local scorecard comes before customer satisfaction on priority list. Attrition is really high
There are still a lot of 'old school' microsofties that are fighting the change and that is slowing the change.
Not so much other companies use Microsoft tech
kinda far away from my house but that's my personal prob though
Bureaucracy, long decisions, a lot of work.
Many cons as working there, not gaining knowledge of new technology. Work on decade old technology Management staff not listen your queries
Middle management was hired to drive stacked ranking. Going to a growth mindset with those people will be complicated. Can they change ? can they promote the best talents for the new microsoft vs resist to survive. What Microsoft is doing is excellent as a shareholder ,) will it be good for the engaged individual contributor ... and let's be clear : as a sales guy, it sucks. To be happy in Microsoft, it's important to think first about how your job is interesting, has impact, and your family before thinking about money. It's a company full of underpaid very talented people.
Focus on very short terms results (weekly or quarterly) while decision making is very complicated (politicking and clique behaviour, complex and not user friendly processes, very limited autonomy from Corp, hundreds of narrow, often conflicting KPIs), managerial skills are inexistant and no serious attention and consideration are given to external signals (customer feedbacks, competition moves).
/, /, /, /, /.
Didn't got any cons so Nothing to say
work life balance is a bit of an issue
nothing specific to mention now
/, /, /, /, /.
Didn't got any cons so Nothing to say
There arent much downsides to working here at microsoft.
The systems can be a little dated which you would think of for a technology company as such.
for the time I have worked with Microsft there weren't any downsides.
Tumultuous changes and cutthroat culture
-Management too internally focused sometimes -May have to travel a lot to go to projects
A lot of process and to much time to develop things
Redundancy every 18 months or so. Numbers being let go under 30 so doesn't need to be reported on. People with over 15 years service are all holding off moving jobs and waiting for next round of redundancies - and rightly so!!
The bureaucracy and heavy administrative processes are still very much present. Sales and Field Management needs a refresh.
For technical people in field roles, there is bias in product groups and hence easier to move out to another product company than join product teams. Difference in levels between engineering and tech roles in GSMO
Its a very big company, its easy to get lost or not know exactly who to approach to solve each problem.
- If you will join the CSS organization(Customer Services and Support), be ready for the fact that to move to another dept will be really challenging... - Shared places: I would love to have dedicated place where I will have a personal comfort istead of thinking every morning where I will seat today - Too many processes and tools to execute your daily job
Slow transition within the field organisations, lot of "old" sales behaviour, a lot of reporting requirements and politics, especially on management level
- Hard to get noticed unless you are super good at what you do. Every team has a lot of smart people. If they are not technically as smart, they would be in other aspects like communication, management. Its hard to stand out, and a lot of effort sometimes sadly goes into impactless work just for the sake of annual reviews. - You may feel like a tiny nut in a huge machinery. It takes a lot of passion for tech to give in the kind of work people give in spite of this - Being restricted in some ways to the Microsoft stack (while the company is justified doing this, you could wonder time and again whether the grass is greener on the other side :P)
Middle management, very slow, legacy
Too many things to learn
- Using old tools and technology - MSGD culture not good - Salary not what reflects in offer ( more performance bonus component that you may never get )
FTE headcount are very limited
Intense work ethic A lot of roles in a matrix can be challenging to navigate
Nothing say very good company
There is no career path
worst hr management ever. absolutely screwed
Rotten culture of fear, caused by years of managing out bottom 5%. inward looking company
Inside you can tell it's an old company, people have been in the same position for years
teams management is autocratic and many times if you are not careful you will be on the wrong side of their and its not good.
Contractors are going a job while not being rewarded in the same way. Quite often they actually hired to do FTE jobs, while you see FTE searching for new shoes on Amazon, and this was not just my conclusion. Have so many MS friends who are FTEs at HR as well who confirmed the same perception. MS solution for this - building new premises and moving FTEs to one building and contractors to the other.
None, it really is the DREAM workplace
Due to the size of organization, slow to responde to market needs. Some managers focused on personal results rather than the whole picture.
Sometimes too big to navigate. Quite politics, more who you know at time, as opposed to what you know. Long processes, can mean you can sped more time negotiation that, than getting stuff done.
Senior management sometimes takes too long to implement a decision.
sometimes you will become too busy and join many global calls in the night
There will be very less Work Life Balance
Internal politics, too centralized in Redmond
procedural approach, focus on standards not on creativity perse
Much of the projects are controlled from US and lacks the future understanding Work Life balance
Leave management and work life balance
Very bureaucratic and difficult to get any decisions made. It has been a victim of its own growth in some ways and its constant restructuring and redundancy programme has been a necessary evil to get it back on track. The signs look positive for the next few years however it still has a lot of work to do to simplify its processes and be on the front foot as its competitors are
Very bureaucratic and difficult to get any decisions made. It has been a victim of its own growth in some ways and its constant restructuring and redundancy programme has been a necessary evil to get it back on track. The signs look positive for the next few years however it still has a lot of work to do to simplify its processes and be on the front foot as its competitors are
There is a very Microsoft way doing things and as a new comer you have to learn to adapt to the quickly. Most of the leaders are highly tenured in the company and hence tend to focus of success of the past.
too much expectations and high performance targets (always feeling under pressure, and salary increase pace is quite slow) limited job opportunities (turkey office is trying to decrease its workload due to bad economy conditions so if you are an intern it's really difficult to become a full-time employee)
They are in the hardest phase of Microsoft career but fighting like eagles so the challenge is to keep up with the fast paced technology and innovation
Maybe volatile in consumer business, such as Surface, as the past cash cow of Office gradually loses its profitability. I would recommend working in commercial area if you're interested as this would be safer.
poor earnings and other individual benefits, very poor when compering to other market leaders, even MS partners pay more...
There is nothing really. If you have a bad team, it can be hard for you. But I guess it's true for every company.
none that i can recollect
The experience can vary drastically depending on the group that you work in.
Growth paths may vary considerably from current role
Not much room for growth and you can kind of get stuck working in the same role for a very very very very long time.
High Quota No Teamwork Compensation Unclear Bureocracy
Work/Life balance, management, team, office environment
- Evangelists were sometimes so busy that couldn't share the knowledge
Open office system sometimes creates a problem for the employees
China story is different.
1. I think it also has the common problem of the big companies that it is very hard to make big changes. And sometimes it took too much time to communicate with other teams.
culture, leadership, offering guidance to millennials
really great at time
Always need to keep updated
Always need to keep updated
Work-life balance in some departments is not so good as expected from company like Microsoft.
- Microsoft as a business has been making poor decisions for the past few years in terms of software development, games and marketing. - Was let go abruptly without warning after studio was shut down.
It's a big place. It takes hard work, and a fair bit of luck, to be noticed. Your career is enormously influenced by your manager.
- Cafeteria is not free.  - Office location is not perfect - it's far from the city center, there are no nice restaurants around.  - Shuttles only work from about 8AM to 10PM, which sometimes is not enough.
Dancing was the worst part. It should have been written into the job description when one applies because it became a big part. Everyone was expected to do so at least once each day.
Some managers are very political, care abut upper level management, always seeking to look good in front of their boss in stead of focusing on leading team.
Outdated processes, incompetent political bullies that have designed their own outdated mandrauylic processes around cut and paste and the need to remember many illogical steps. Shout "AWESOME "at every opportunity or "IT'S ON THE ONENOTE" if you do not have the answer! Handed down PC's for contractors that struiggle with the workload they have to manage.
Lots of Politics by Manager
too competitive, long working hours, not fast enough
I've never had more meetings in any other job. Management don't listen to employees. Honesty isn't regarded as a good quality. Liars do very well at Microsoft.
Progression ceiling, bureaucracy, too internal-focussed
being a large company Visibility is difficult
Too many 3rd party associates HR needs to understand professional needs and listen to candidate concerns Sometimes HR gets too rude Initial package and growth plans should be transparent
Loads of work. Politics can squeeze in at times. Benefits can be improved. No room for technically inept people. Have to try and research about new things on a daily basis.
please fix the refrigerator compressor in the cafetaria
Political environment. Should know how to tread with caution.
Time difference with Seattle is a pain and impacts work-life balance. For career growth and progression a move to the US is the only option as there are limited opportunities to move between product development teams.
Must be very compliant and follow procedure to the letter. Most companies don't operate at this level of rule following.
get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes. get stressed out sometimes.
so many people doing the same job, disorganized
The salary is low compared to other IT companies in Beijing, and the workload is high. Besides, the working atmosphere is too geeky.
...IF you're in the right area with a supportive manager. If you're not, you can expect to languish in a corner until you're made redundant. There is also a huge contradiction in that Microsoft obsessively wants to please their customers but then makes it near impossible to do so with a completely insane fixation on logging minutes worked, and adhering to complex processes which do nothing helpful for the customer and really just perpetuate the image of a foreign customer support centre where your case is passed from pillar to post as shifts start and end.
- High pressure to deliver revenue results - High turn over rate - in Sales & Marketing results are praised while family, work/life balance must be sacrificed
all is well. no cons
It's been a short while for me to comment on cons of being here at Microsoft.
Works majorly on Microsoft technology
Too much politics, too much ppts
work life balance is constrained
- Mid-management are highly technical but most of the time don't know how to manage people
Most of development is legacy, lots of favoritism and politics
Unless you know politics you will never survive. They continuously push you to try new things with out of box thinking however there is no tolerance against failure
Not much if you are good at work
One bad manager was able to get away with appalling behaviour and it was never dealt with. Several top talent people left the organisation because if this person and they are still at the company, continuing to create a toxic working environment around them. It's such a shame, because beyond this manager, the company has an amazing culture, but the fact that the issues were not dealt means that more good people will be impacted and will leave.
Glass ceilings hardly there but sometimes one can wrongly construe. completely transparent at all locations sometimes. Very good querying environments but you need to find a place for yourself
Monolithic work structure. May be demotivating.
bad management attitude with bad decisions
I think there are no cons.
Nothing of cons that I can think of
Microsoft is a LARGE company. Don't expect a speedboat but an astonishingly fast pace for a company this size.
Big company where a lot gonna change as a result of the new vision and strategy.
Relatively slower growth in Ops and Finance
Big company. Probably a Pro for most people but not for me. Can feel dehumanizing
Pressure. For me the fact that have pure support and be more of a System Administrator tasks
Highly competitive environment. Cut throat competitions to scale up. Slow paced career progression comparitively. Metrics and KRAs are not easily achievable. You really need to work hard/smart to get the prices
Nothing much if continue to do the same
Lots of pressure and tieght deadlines
sometimes its easy to get holed into a super small piece of the problem, get overwhelmed by the sheer scale of the product and loose focus from the big picture
Little time for to be able to educate oneself. Rapid change of management over time causes unclear direction.
Senior jobs appear pre-determind rather than based on proven capability. Base salary tends to be lower than market rate.
Far too much focus on Scorecards. Driving the wrong behavior and internal focus Not a great place if you are over 50 years of age. Partner community is one of the best assets in Microsoft's arsenal.
Not so certain about the view of the corporate office to its employees in the field
Not many, as you should dedicate a certain percentage of your time to projects other than your standard job, you may end up with more projects than what you can deal with and it is not uncommon to see people adding, almost daily, 30/60 minutes to their usual office hours (even though there's no requirement for it).
Highly political work environment in India
Work and life balance, hectic processes
City Office is off the metro line at Piata Presei
Too much internal politics, bureaucratic environment
- high bureaucracy slowing down decision making - high complexity and interdependence across division make it harder to run the business
1. some teams may exist strong bias against the employees with different political opinions.
huge and the need to know the right people which is expected for a huge organization
# Currently Microsoft is in transformation phase and reorganization is bit nervousing employees
too much review, too much meeting
In the transformation there are still a lot of "old guard" managers about, creating roles for themselves that add no value to the customer, the product, or the process. A carefully placed scalpel could trim some excess fat.
New guys need to be very careful, old employees just not help them. Everyone wants to survive by keeping more info with themselves. If they will tell you, they'll become low values and lose their job - that's the fear. And hence you lose your job because no one tells you anything.  They work in age old technology, projects are all rotten.  Managers could show your nightmares. They ruin life, trouble new people and help their bucket holders.  Be safe don't join
Too much push for scorecard metrics. It's getting better though.
Nothing specific to talk about.
It is, like most big corporations, very political and you need to make sure you are constantly rubbing shoulders with the right people to make sure you are on their talent map. Also the hot desk culture is great for work life balance, although can create strange team dynamics where people only interact when they need something.
Beware of politics in some teams
Highly 'political' environment, certain managers might be convinced that the sun is rising from their behind
The environment is not cooperative very results oriented
matrix management highly taxing and inefficient, corporate overhead impeded at times, systems & tools woeful
- Everything is home-grown and inclination is to build in-house than look for good alternatives outside. - Very limited exposure to what's happening in the broader industry. Goes back to the first point of preferring to look within than outside. - At least in IDC Hyderabad, there are limited opportunities for growth and so many folks tend to move to Redmond (Microsoft headquarters). This causes a lot of churn in teams and is the biggest source of attrition. - IDC Hyderabad has been at a steady state for past 4-5 years. This further stifles opportunities for growth. Meanwhile competitors like Amazon, Google have big growth plans in Hyderabad. Also, companies like Apple and Uber are also setting up centers there.
Work is more operations and scorecard management than marketing...
Too inward looking. Too much corporate noise.
When deadlines approach it can be hectic, but you learn to adapt to the pressure
India management at the time was political, not sure how it is now
Projects may not always be well defined. You may stop liking the food after some point in time. The office is a bit small.
Not a place for lazy people.
I found it to be a very slow moving company where too many meetings were held but Product development was very slow. Definitely not agile in any sense of the word.
Long working hours. Very fast paced. A little too old style as it comes from the windows era.
Long working hours. Very fast paced. A little too old style as it comes from the windows era.
there is less flexibility in changing teams
Impossible to stand out, compensation model is based on duration of employment. Work load is imbalanced with a lot of hidden unemployment.
If I have to write cons, I would say that as a consultant, you have to travel a lot. Apart from that... it can be a little chaotic at the beginning.
Not quite a good place for new fresh graduate, need more mature training program or systems.
Slow career advancement Working overtime Little personal impact on the projects Slow decision making
bureaucracy interview process is totally random
limited career opportunities if You are hired as a Contingent Staff.
The people work very harder and will push you a lot when the deadline is closing. Most people will stay at the office for quite long time every day.
People work watching inside business and don´t care about customers. Employeers take all day long making decks to Corp and forget about customers. too much directors doing the same job.
Nothing to note here as I experienced a positive work placement. Good team of people who are always willing to help.
Need to set clear expectations on the growth possibilities in the business group and team you work for. It is huge company and internal competition is tough, also a lot of politics here and there.
The salary is bot high (it's average) Not clear how you and your colleagues can be rewarded. It seems, that rewards given based on someone personal opinion) Not clear how your achievements will be measured. It seems that frequent talking about achievements will increase chances to be rewarded (Nobody tries to measure achievements and compare)
Work life balance, Restricted roles in Banagalore
It was always very busy and Microsoft as a big business tended to lose focus on it's customers. A crazy over focus on logging hours spent on multiple support tickets.
Some of the teams have long release cycles so work progresses a bit slowly Not a downside for everyone but it would have been perfect if Microsoft had a development centre in Delhi-NCR
Beast of a company to work for
There a lot of room to get better, specially the old Microsoft way of doing business and building products
Very agressive, burocratic. static in terms of carrer change.
no downsides of my works . i like to work as much as i can.
Sometimes reorganization really screw up the already-up-an-running systems. Their MACH program is great, but they should also look into creating career advancements for already employed people, too.
Dominance of Redmond Lack of people investment outside of US
long dmu decisions which could be quicker
Don't like the Windows operating system...
Long hours Due to constant change, job insecurity
Very few, work life balance can be hard - lots of inconsistencies across divisions in terms of levels and expected performance.
career growth is slow sometime
Manager centric..too much beurocratic
no cons for this company
Extremely siloed - makes it difficult to gain broad knowledge of other areas within the company.
This is a huge company and sometimes it is difficult to feel that you have a real impact, you need to keep the big picture in mind to see where your contribution is.
Could be quite stressful Internal politics (as expected for a company of such size) No separate quality organization - for better or worst, developers must make sure their code works
- can be long working hours especially if your role is linked to the US - need to network to progress - performance is measured, but contacts are very important
The level of politics is unlike anything experienced at any other company, particularly locally. While all large organisations have this issue, it is pronounced at Microsoft. Management are kept in roles for too long and individuals are not moved on quickly enough (or at all) if they have political support despite their impact to individuals or teams.
Salary is a little lower than expectation.
too much competitiveness, have to deal with many people from cross segments
Very burocratic, old school oriented, sometimes conservative and excessive. Slow in decision making, even if it needed asap.
Bad Management too much of politics, no real carrer opportunities, no real empowerment for out of the box thinkers. Everything is sales driven
Internal movements Salary tough to identify oppurtunities Work load Work life balance
Large still with some bureaucracy. Difficult to switch job internally outside US.
Internal movements Salary tough to identify oppurtunities Work load Work life balance
Can't think of any right now
Large still with some bureaucracy. Difficult to switch job internally outside US.
Hard to make an impact in such a big company
No training provided by the company. Poor team engagement. You must be a self starter.
Workload may get hectic at times Too much internal politics Not really a collaborative environment Internal role changes are really hard to get
Nothing much I suppose. The only thing is they sometimes have less pressure and work, which doesnt help in learning much, and probably more independent module handling
Insincere leadership that lacks authenticity in Australia. They are all too busy writing their own publicity and reading it. Culture in Australia not the same as other offices, is very political and it all starts & ends with the current MD. It is not a culture that embraces differences so if you want to join, be prepared to suck up to MD, adapt your communication style to 'their way', do lots of self promotion and get really good at understanding how to manipulate the scorecard to "look good" like the others.
Budget not aligned to the reality of markets, lot of pressure while investment in transformation is not aligned to what is required in revenue, some local management changes bring people that do not understand the technological implications of Azure changes with consequence of great people leaving the company, T&E cuts canceling key readiness for key people.
Lot's of bureaucracy can slow down progress and makes it hard to have an impact.
Unnecessarily stressful because management wants to catch up quickly to competition Unstructured work due to the above. Lots of changes in the work. Unreasonable deadlines.
Driven hard by number measurement so that waste to much time to acoomplish beautiful but fake result report, invisible line for people evaluation so that every department needs the last one every year , too many old managers so that it's hard to change from the inside and also conservative to real big new change, HR do not help employees, only the political tool for managers
No free food in the Redmond. Some areas still feel a bit corporate and there is a bit of management overhead. Working at Microsoft is still looked down upon by the competitors.
because of the plus mentioned above there are a lot of people involved in all deals and customer relations and each individual has their own agenda as you can imagine. I can assure you that you will have to manage politics internally and expect to be backstabbed: keep your friends close and your enemies closer!
Too complicated organization , hard for freshmen. Too many meetings and too complicated employee assessment system. Low efficiency of back office support
too much target orientation does not have opportunity to grow your business with long term plans could be very stressful depending on your team and role
Beaurocratic and slow moving. Poor cross team collaboration
1. Extremely harassing managers 2.Too much politics. 3. Pathetic work and pathetic work culture
No Work life balance No Great salaries just matching industry standards Lots of work stress
As always retail can get the best of people and along with sales.
As always retail can get the best of people and along with sales.
Lack of focus/Constant changes in vision mean it's hard to get things done Big company, so often a lot of duplication Still has issues with office politics
Too much work. Undersized teams. Internal politics. Teams competing among themselves
..there are no cones with the company
big company and make decision quite slowly
powerpoint, etx, removal of paperclip
Hierarchy top down in decisions
Melbourne is a remote office, limiting the career paths
They get rid of whole teams and kill ideas that have been trying to deliver quote often without clear explanation. You might find many teams working on the same thing
there is nothing wrong with working there because all you need is there and all u want is there also if you real serious about the technological industry and if you want to be notice and be part of the bigger team/company the will take over the world again like they did by being the first of few to create computers (bill gate)
some policies could do with improvements, strangely, Perception is bigger than the work you do
need learn new skill
Hierarchy top down in decisions
complexity,
There is some time work pressure and increment is no so good but they give good pack on joining.
Very fast peaced company, expected to be 24/7 online
Micromanaged, told to work nights and weekends and have unrealistic deliverable when you are forced into long meetings that could have been summarized with an email  The treatment of the V- employees over the FTe's is sickening  Takes weeks to get hardware and cress  No support whatsoever.  Understaffed.
Different departments in the company working in silos, not working together towards a common goal. lot's of employee competency.
not find any .. may be bad for starting career of life
huge Organization with lots of products that needs more effort to keep updated with high level of technical skills
salary is not the best
Sometimes ability to get stuff done really suffers from burdensome process, and the feeling - perpetuated by erstwhile COO, Kevin Turner and his kin - that the subsidiaries can't be trusted and need to be ruled from afar by Redmond. The scorecard driven culture will take time to dissipate.
To much process To many scorecards To much internal focus and not enough on the customer
Quite big bureaucracy and much politics involved in most projects which slows progress down Microsoft seem to value their US employees more than those abroad and it is reflected in the internal level system where jobs of the same description are on a lower level in UK than they are in US. Expect to work late hours if your team or stakeholders are based in US.
It,s an "always changing" environment so you have to be used to work in an environment where the job you perform changes according to company results in a domain.
Nothing much to share of it
Everyhing was perfect,maybe deadlines were to late.
I've only spoken to my manager 4 times during the whole fiscal year. I was working from my house the whole time, which might be the reason behind that low number but I did not feel any guidance or leadership from the management team. No support whatsoever from the leadership team when I was employed and covering a large region.
-> Too much politics. -> Manager oriented place, if you are close to your TDM then don't worry about project escalation and if you are not then despite your hard work no appreciation. -> TDM has his own cirle, you can try to be part of the arc. -> Inter practice fight which fades the one microsoft concept. -> Collaboration does not mean collaborate with project mates rather with your practice mates.
Large company so can take time to get things done. This can be very frustrating if you are used to working at a quicker pace.
-> Too much politics. -> Manager oriented place, if you are close to your TDM then don't worry about project escalation and if you are not then despite your hard work no appreciation. -> TDM has his own cirle, you can try to be part of the arc. -> Inter practice fight which fades the one microsoft concept. -> Collaboration does not mean collaborate with project mates rather with your practice mates.
A bit too chilled out Work can get done faster
Lot of meetings with Seattle timezones, tenting/secret projects made limits and wasted effort in many cases.
This is a very large company. Implementing an idea requires one to convince lot of stakeholders across the globe. Like in any large company there are too many layer of of management to influence to make impact.
Not any as such. One may find out while working
Work life balance was a bit of a stretch and limited understanding/support from management. Compensation was pretty low considering the entire Middle East and Africa region to cover.
More experiment than serious investment.
Travel all the time do not have enough time with family.
Lately (2014 onwards) execution prevailed over purpose and inspiration maybe due to Kevin Turner's excess focus on soulless execution and the cloud transformation that pressured margins. KT is gone but the company will probably take some years to recover from the toxic managerial experience he has fostered.
nothing so far everything great
Heavy travel schedule in regional roles (3-4 times per month). High stakes workload, very metric/scorecard focused which can sometimes neglect qualitative impact. Global roles are challenging from work/life balance perspective as can require meetings at unfriendly times of day/night.
The 'red tape' all mayor companies sometimes have to deal with.
Bureaucracy, Slowness to implementation, Politics, Feeling like just another number, disposable.
Headquartered in Redmond, not enough roles in india
The company is too big!
Can be stressful sometimes. Male/female ration unbalanced.
Not exactly as a con, but you can be surrounded with a lot of job, but it worth it because you are doing significate proyects
The job keeps you way too busy that you forget your personal life, most importantly they expect us to work almost at anytime, let it be night or day. The primary problem was over utilization of resources.
Hard to find cons, amzing company
sometimes management goes crazy and does lots of re-orgs. This demotivates the hard-workers.
Internal process, work life balance can be challenging, still a lot of management layers.
Didn't find a single downside to the whole internship experience
toilets are busy in the after noon after lunch, you have to run around building to find a vacant one,
Nothing to add at this time.
Internal politics still too relevant, higher ranks are heavily focused on internal processes.
- work -life balance non existent, you get a stream of meetings and information, which is extremely hard to manage. - internal power struggles can get in the way of getting actual work done
If you don't work at the mother ship you almost don't exist Too many people who have been there far too long and know how to play the system Some atrocious managers They are losing some good people and they don't know it
- Corporate driven - No real work - Political environment
-your every move is watched by management on the floor -all your sales are monitored and if your sales are bad , you'll get a meeting -a lot of product and sales promotion information to know that changes every day. Always have to stay quick and keep up with everything
sometimes too many meetings, discussings
N/A at this time .
When they drop a project they let entire teams go.
Very bad in acquisition and destruction of businesses they don't understand.
If stuck in bad cases, you will repent and relent
There is too much work and sometimes it gets difficult to deal with. I stayed up nights without acknowledgement.
lot of pression, poor guidance sometime for newies
As a vendor it is very difficult to become a full time Microsoft employee and as such miss out on benefits, travel and learning opportunities
The salary is not comparable with the best local internet companies such as tencent and alibaba. Typical big company problems
crisis in russia, difficult situation
In-house politics Group thunk culture - listen to the same people all the time - slow to look outside for new ideas
Forced to do random work Too much randomization
nothing specific really, all good here
The salary is not comparable with the best local internet companies such as tencent and alibaba. Typical big company problems
Inside MSGD productivity (SharePoint, exchange etc) domain is the worst group. NO work, only SharePoint and exchange migration projects are running for last 2 years. No development work, no exciting opportunity. Very bad politics are running, no growth, no new learning, no benefits etc.  . MSGD is the lowest paying entity inside Microsoft. 7-10 years’ experience employee get same salary as freshers in Microsoft development center. . No stock bonus, as provided in other MS entity. . Yearly hikes are on average 4-6% far last 3 years. . Bonus payouts are also reduced over the last few years. . Promotion rate is very slow compare to other MS entity. On average, it takes 30 to 36 months/ even more than that in higher level. I know many people waiting for last 4 years in senior level to be promoted. . Join lower band compare to other MS entity. In MSGD starting level is 56, on the other hand most of the other MS entity starts from level 59/ 60. Level 60 in MSGD means very senior position with 15+ years of experience. This level difference very badly affect if you try to internally movie to any other MS entity. Most of the cases you need to join as almost freshers in other MS entities though you have 7-10 years’ experience and you are technically very sound. . Attrition rate is very high. Yearly 20-25% people leaving for last 3 years due to above reason/ politics, no opportunity etc. Onsite opportunity also reduced over the years. Some of the practice like ‘Productivity’ domain you should not expect any onsite opportunity in next 2-3 years. . Some of the managers are there for years, do nothing, play politics and survived here due to very less challenging work. They will make your life hell. Most of the time they will ask to do some other activity apart from your work that will not going to bring any values to you nor the company. Only managers will showcase that to their managers for their survival.
Highly complex organization with many changes happening simultaneously, constantly redefining jobs, skills and pushing management decisions to be taken quickly and some often within a very local context.
Must use windows for work. and the traffic to microsoft is not very convinient.
appraisal rating system is not good. Live issue can come at anytime. other than that every thing is good.
The quality of work is very dependent on the team
1. stress 2. hard 3. tuff 4. closed 5. new
All the tech jobs were moved out of uk.
Retail - customers can be difficult
don 't get focused on study
A bit more hands-on labs would be appreciated as not always you get the opportunity to work alongside Microsoft employees.
salary is just optimum. Not as high as other companies.
Difficult to grow in the company. With regards to operations and processes, the company can be very slow at times.
Internal politics and internal politics
Long working hours and large work pressure
Product management is obsolete and clueless, just focused on their own careers instead of products.
The challenge though very often is reflected in long working hours as there's simply a lot of work despite rigorous prioritisation.
They use the technology only they will use. Not so open to the technology.
Hectic , career progression path not very lucrative
Work life balance isn't the best, career opportunities outside Redmond aren't the best
-the establishment also need to quickly embrace the future & re-tool skills & capabilities alongside people, products & processes
they have FTE and contact employee, that will make person feel not good
No such cons i have come across with
WLB is a problem with a particular role. It is another manager-biased company (at-least in India)
Non-transparent performance assessment system, really depends on the subjective opinion of manager. No clear link between your performance and the bonus (for non-sales employees). Over pushing for a career development - nobody cares that you really like job you are doing and want to grow in your role - you have to move and that's all. The target for Good Attrition for managers - every manager must fire and replace 5% of the team every year. Often people are ranking not for the results they achieved but for activities they drove (even if these activities haven't led to a business growth or success).
The downsides of working at this company, I'd like to say that there aren't any cons as such... As far as I'm concerned.
Too complex at times Very Hierarchichal Smaller sub don't have a lot of autonomy to make decisions
Work depends on the BU you join
No such cons i have come across with
Too big organization for individual to focus on your primary role
WLB is a problem with a particular role. It is another manager-biased company (at-least in India)
Non-transparent performance assessment system, really depends on the subjective opinion of manager. No clear link between your performance and the bonus (for non-sales employees). Over pushing for a career development - nobody cares that you really like job you are doing and want to grow in your role - you have to move and that's all. The target for Good Attrition for managers - every manager must fire and replace 5% of the team every year. Often people are ranking not for the results they achieved but for activities they drove (even if these activities haven't led to a business growth or success).
Huge Company Internal politics decisions are not always transparent
- Uber big company politics - You're just a number in a huge company - At the time, lots of arrogance
Not find yet about the company.
Too much politics. Commission payout policy not great
Sometimes things move a bit slower than expected because it's so big!
Uncertainty with so many ongoing reorgs
They treat their vendor, supplier and contract workers very poorly in their Canada office. 60% are contract workers. They are treated like 2nd class employees and are not involved in discussions. Full time employees don't care much for the company, competition among them is unhealthy leading to internal friction. Lay-offs are frequent, even for full time regulars. Co-ops are arrogant and treat vendors and contract workers poorly. Their recruitment only focuses on certain Universities like Waterloo resulting in groupism like you find in high schools.. 1/5 stars for Microsoft Canada as a workplace..
Not the best paymaster in the market
None so far that i have seen
> graveyard shift > some managers are only number oriented and not people oriented
Bureaucracy and speed of change
They don't spoon feed employees
As always, if your manger is not good, its not going to be good for the engineers. I have had fair share of Good and bad managers. Middle Managers lack vision. they just operate as foreman for the Senior management(who has good vision though)
No extra facilities available there
- big expectations, it's definitely not a "9-17h" job - not every team has big influence in Redmond, sometimes you'll need to work very hard (significantly better than peers in US) for years to prove your team is good - promotion is usually harder to get than in US (depends on the team)
Cuts year over year. Cutting of home internet expense, the company is cheapening out. Enterprise services has HUGE profits and yet they keep cheapening out every year.
Being in Services, you are always a second class citizen to EPG, where the quality of people varies greatly. Decisions are always made in the best interest of the licensing business, regardless of the impact on the services targets and objectives.
Time zone challenges are existing in some projects. US Team is more exposed when compared to India team to the career growth.
The promotion hierarchy is complicated and it is based on complex topic of "Impact" which is some times difficult to comprehend. Need a lot of networking to show your impact which undermines your true capabilities.
Not quality work Not as such because it looks like it is
Difficult to make an impact, most the real interesting stuff is done in the USA
Politics, Stress, intensity, Aggressive, competitive structure
India team has lot of bureaucracy and managers are just trying to move ahead by playing dirty politics.
American corporate culture, very Redmond based, office politics.
work life balance depends on the team you are,initially it was very bad for me,things got better
strategy, sales, challenges, objectives, commitment
Internal politics, titles not matching roles
Too many changes makes the leaders take decision in haste
Politics, Stress, intensity, Aggressive, competitive structure
Massive company, cumbersome processes and tools, more autonomy/empowerment needed, can be slow to react to the market
work life balance depends on the team you are,initially it was very bad for me,things got better
Uneducated customer about the handset
No cons at this time.
Full of politics, either very little work or too much of bad quality work. Unnecessary competition within employees. Hostile, humiliating environment. The managers will keep bullying you to work more and more, still will never be satisfied. And he has the full right to spoil your connect even if you have received good feedback from other colleagues. So if you aren't buttering your manager, or happen to get under a hot-headed manager be ready to be thrown out of the company. The answers you will get after that is Microsoft is undergoing restructuring. Very cruel way of firing. They target some people, humiliate them the whole year, make their "connect" bad, extract as work as they want, then ask them to give resignation, else undergo PIP which is targeted at termination.
It's not a place where you work 4 days a week and 6 ours a day, actually very hard working. You have to really serious at planning work-life balance, because if not, work will always win.
- Bureaucracy may sometimes hinder somewhat simple tasks - Work-life balance depends a lot on your team and the particular manager
none to think of at this time
Management sometimes lack direction. Nobody wants to take responsibility for a decision.
Too many employees structure, not so good compensation
Poor people managers. Internal politics.
There is a two tier system between FTEs and Vendors which is disappointing to see in a progressive company
Prepare to sleep there and forget that you have a family
As with every big company, you often feel like a cog in the machine.
I haven't find any cons
There are no cons as long as you are working on something you like to do.
Freshers gets the package of 8.0 lakh plus and 7 years experience joining gets 9 lakh. The salary is not based on experience or skills. It is based on how you negotiated with HR.
Beijing is not a good place to live and work, I think.
Lack of expected technical experience
slow progress in career timings become lazy
Politics, too much red tape
Senior management changes priorities all the time
Not all departments are great, you need to watch your back, politics play a major part in this organization
Internal politics and lack of transparency in prootions
Worse salary compared to other tech companies
- unclear strategy - too much politics/ clouds
Inner circle who have been there 20+ years End of yea rating system that depends upon some abstract concept of 'impact' and what your colleagues think of you strange working practices that are too ingrained to change Lots of internal admin Constant risk of redundancy
Work life balance can be a problem sometimes. Too many middle managers with not enough experience
Middle level managers hierarchical, not having enough engagement with lower level employees. Often too slow and bureaucratical in decision making. Not being transparent about plans with external stakeholders and customers.
lot of pressure, process and politics
HR has a little work to catch up with industry and levelling system is very 90's ... Some people I know have been impacted and stifled in recognition because of this but if you understand key measures of success you can still do well... I would welcome change especially for new incoming graduates
legacy code to work on.
work / life balance is not easy to adjust. very weak corporate memory.
no that interesting and engaging work
Very slow response to markets, not good at consumer products
it is competitive and lots of work
Have to complete daily timesheet entry
You can be in a situation where things are ambiguous you have to deal with that and if you don't you will have a problem , some managers will leave you literally on your own, and literally spend all their time managing up, one manager I worked for, for six months , I saw her three times in six months. It can be quite hard to get meaningful training as your workload is very high, and unless you have a manager that wants you to get on , you can run into a wall of indifference about your development. If you have a quota focus on that to the exclusion of anything else, don't let anything detract. There are battalions of lawyers that literally hold things up and have no recognition of commercial deadlines. Processes are tortuous, long winded, paper and system driven policed by accountants, lawyers, compliance etc , it can be very hard to make that process move and you have to build relationships to do that. Basic things like paying a developer or supplier in a country outside your own can involve conference calls to up to 15 people. I left Microsoft this year as a part of the large redundancy program (17K) people overall. When you leave there are loads of promises that you will be helped to find internal roles, you wont be helped, HR say this but you are totally on your own, They also say they can extend your notice if you are in process for a role internally , they wont, they push the manager to make a decision literally after the interview, they cant so you are unable to proceed. A job I applied for which I had two and half years on that product line, I interviewed for, and all seemed well , my feedback was one line and I didn't get it , I then saw this job advertised two weeks later as a contract role with a staffing agency word for word the same job description at 50% of my salary.... They also say when you are leaving you can extend to cover stock vesting they would not extend me for 9 working days (I requested this as unpaid) I lost 14000.00 as a result. HR are completely inaccessible you can only contact them via email, they never call back, they only do the absolute bare minimum and my advice is never expect anything from them at all ever and get everything from them in writing or it is meaningless. Ironically for the company that pretty much invented IT , internal tools such as getting access to resources, finding data, getting signed into programs and drives you need to access is again a painful process, you have to apply for logins that take ages to get approved, chase people to grant them and the processes can be clunky and slow. For example any pay query goes to outsourced providers who literally ignore the query, its all online , the answers when they come are ridiculously inaccurate reflecting the total indifference of the poorly paid staff in India that have to process these queries. Finally I would say you will move almost every year, and if your business unit is not doing well, look to move in the fiscal year early, as HR in their wisdom enacted the "consultation" period on Jun 1st this gave 30 days and then your notice started July 1st which is end of fiscal year, there are no jobs posted in July as all budgets come down 2nd /3rd week of July and new jobs are posted then. You will be left with literally 7-10 days to apply, interview,, and get to 2nd interview (near impossible). If you recognize your business unit is doing badly look around and get moving as your bonus, job, stock is always at threat even if you are doing well personally, you can meet your target (I did) over 100% in first half of fiscal (Jun to Dec) business unit did badly Jan to Jun (2nd half of fiscal) even then I made bonus , makes no difference you are out. Don't assume you are safe as your business unit can disappear overnight. I moved four times due to restructuring in five years. MS Corp in Seattle is famously disconnected from international markets, it is not a global company it s a US company that tries to force US centric models onto international markets, quite one size fits all, and as a result lots of head scratching when things don't work .
- No free food in the office
Innovation is limited in certain aspects.
Business intelligence practices are outdated. People are rigid and resistant to change. Appraisals are based on the number of meetings you hold and not on the basis of work delivered.
There aren't any that I can think of
Vertical growth is difficult as the top positions do not get vacant
If you're not in Seattle, you don't exist from a business impact point of view. The obsession with scorecards inhibits collaboration
Bureaucracy Multiple roles with the same goals, if things happen it's because one guy made it happen and the remaining 5 or 6 or even 7 all take credit, but if things fail they all run away and the only one to blame is the guy that actaully did the job. Ugly work life balance, at least in sales
No cons. Great environment. Might be easier as a FTE.
Very frequent team changes Expensive cafeteria
politics too much travel time constraints changes timings
Equal opportunity provider and nothing much to say as "Cons" about the company
Build your own network and get the work done no matter how impossible it looks :-)
At time decision making can be slow and long.
Less Perks Less Appraiss less qualty people More Crowd
The company is too big and it is hard to make step up.
My boss. Told me after a year of working that he expected me to produce the same amount as a FTE even though i clearly don't have the time and was not part of the employment understanding. But one bad manager doesn't reflect much on the company.
The senior leadership team in China from R&D, Sales and Support, however, doesn't seem to work closely enough to earn a strategic position in the company's decision making chain.
Depends on what team you are placed in, everything has been great here.
Competitors offer higher salaries in many areas
1. Night Shifts which screws your health and work-life balance 2. Office politics if you are under wrong manager (mine was good- so never faced this problem) 3. less increments
Lack of stability of jobs. During 2 years, 30000 head counts were sacked.
My boss. Told me after a year of working that he expected me to produce the same amount as a FTE even though i clearly don't have the time and was not part of the employment understanding. But one bad manager doesn't reflect much on the company.
Work life balance sometimes becomes difficult
Limited opportunities outside of Redmond.
Org is too fragmented, so that it take long day to make a decision
Did not find any during internship
Retails Sales, Great Place to work
Pay, gap between management and employees.
Fast paced, high expectations, could be complex and bureaucratic sometimes
very less salary compare to others
some times boring to do the repetitive work
none as of now i know
Lunch varierty was not much. Lot of teams have to depend on USA counterpartsto get funding Most of good work happens in USA Not as such any cons awesome place to work.
Low pay. No discounts or benefits as a contractor.
Slowness in promotion , promotion map not clear some times
American centric way of handling things is sometimes odd in Europe
It's not that easy to shining or to achieve great success
* You need to be able to manage your career. Figure out which projects are going to succeed and not. Which opportunities will be good for you and not. * Not all bosses are good. Generally decent people, but not all equally competent at helping you further your career. You need to take ownership of your career and * Lots of politics, which will affect your rise, opportunities that you get, and if the products you work on will hit the market. I was on a project that was restarted 3x in 2.5 years, moved between groups. * Pay is definitely under market.
Leadership need to think ahead of time
Consider there are more than 10,000 FTE working here. Double that for vendor. It's very hard to stand out and move up in the company.
different time zones.. however, if you are are ANZ or EMEA or India time zone, a great place to work.
May also get frustrated working with so many smart people ,)
Low pay. Not always hire competent people.
When you are remote, visibility is an issue. This is something that you need to fix on your own as if your boss is not in Japan, they cannot see you and if you aren't seen, it is hard to move and easy to be overlooked. Case in point, Redmond (Windows team) decided in 2014 to lay off all Windows Program Managers who were not in Redmond (a few slipped through the cracks, but the majority went). Didn't matter if you were a high performer, low, or middle of the pack. They gave us a month or two to find a transfer position, or accept their package... to took the latter. This is another negative about the Japan office if you aren't in sales or support, the jobs are few and getting fewer (when I left). If you are willing to move to Redmond, the sky is the limit, but if you want to stay in Japan, sales and marketing may be the way to go.
Taking delayed actions in management to improving processes and making changes however, that is currently being changed through Growth mindset strategy seminars to employees.
- Really massive. You are lost in a crowd. - Lot of (planned) redundancies in work. Multiple teams may be working towards the same goal. Hence, internal competition between teams.
Middle Management only average and MSFT hasn´t gone the full way of Transformation of being a leader in terms of innovation and agility.
A very top heavy company, lots of processes, lack of young talent in many departments of the company
Sometimes work is hard but it is worth it in the end because there are great opportunities
Big Corporation, salary for interns could be better
Not much career opportunity for employee
It is a bit tough to get projects of your choice given the competition. Though you do end up working on a few cool projects if you stay long enough.
Very aggressive atmosphere, none supportive culture
Taking delayed actions in management to improving processes and making changes however, that is currently being changed through Growth mindset strategy seminars to employees.
None specifically that are not part of working at bigger companies.
Difficult times for the company to move to the cloud, many changes in organization, many left in recent years due to uncertainties
Not much opportunity Highly Process oriented
Low on compensation as compared to google and Facebook
- Sometime improper management of talent. - You may find some salary difference while comparing to some well funded startup - One Bad thing is that you have to have 5 yr experience to move to US internally, which disappointed many.
-very political, almost toxic environment
Nothing I have not come across any cons in my career here
The company is so big that you won't feel important
Measures are done by scorecard, and if you don't measure up, out you go. There are a lot of internal politics with many people competing internally as opposed to competing externally.
Moving to corporate is very hard. It is only good for retail.
vary few negatives i found out of to be very honest
Low pay, wish it was more
Too many re-organisations recently
long hours , shifts were not discussed
Very political Internal facing Top heavy org style
Very processed oriented Very slow to react
Hard to switch teams here
Don't let the Microsoft brand name give you illusions that this is a great place to work...it's not. People are all type A on steroids, highly competitive to the point that they want to bring you down and will stab you in the back. Employees especially target new hires...they do not want new people joining the club, many cliques, passive aggressive back stabbers so they will catch you off guard. Toxic environment driven by robotic managers and a system that rewards individuals to the detriment of the team and the overall subsidiary. Canadian leadership team is a revolving door, mostly of persons career hopping from the US, so they don't really care about the Canadian employees. I am in my 30's and I feel I will have a heart attack soon if I stay here much longer. If I had only known about this toxic environment, I would have never worked here. Planning to leave soon for the sake of my mental health and physical well-being. If these things matter to you, do not work here. Employees do not have a life, meetings are scheduled on a regular basis on a Saturday and Sunday, on top of working until midnight during the week. I have done my best to be committed to the role and the organization, but at this point the price is too high to pay if I stay on.
- Politics, so many politics. - You cannot speak bad or negative about anything Microsoft. Question anything "Windows phone" and meetings will be held. - My old team used to joke, "are you going to a meeting about a meeting" and the simple answer is yes. 5 to 6 meetings a day and most pointless, resulting in working later to complete actual work.
I do not have any con about this job
Quite a lot of bureaucracy , quite slow for change.
Very very low pay for what they keep making you do Beyond poor management , youd think a big company like Microsoft would hire quality managers
You can forget about work/life balance
Corporate driven, changing from an informal into a more formal and political organization, centrally management, less local development opportunities, more b2b than b2c.
A little too much work
not clear ideas and no manager control
Some of the downsides include large workload for minimum pay.
none, there are no cons
Not much work depth wise. Internal politics. Not many opporunities if you want to learn new things
Not much progression and career enhancement.
no cons as of now.
None really, I enjoy the intensity.
Overstaffed and too many over laps in jobs that everyone is trying hard to prove themselves.
Microsoft just can't compete in today's market.
it's hard to get promotion.
CCG is not a good department
it's hard to get promotion.
Pay is not competitive enough Large company. There are always teams that are not suitable. I myself had to switch teams to find myself in the right place. Not all the teams provide the fast paced growth. You have to choose the right one carefully.
Very competitive hence it's very hard to get in.
Too much travel (70~75%) Salary and benefits Work life balance
Work life balance difficult to keep. Always need to be available, people managers have lack of experience, most technical background.
Senior leadership/PM tend to take too much control and try to reduce their P&L by hiring vendors and start cutting cost on them. Many of the Senior Managers are not good enough career planners for their team or able to make a good development plan. Promotions and growth is dependent on how good you can project yourself.
Political, bad salary, hardware, mobile, size
1. Internship experience is completely team dependent. No generality of experiences or work.
no work life balance whatsoever, also the bonus seems to be rather subjective
Very competitive culture, not all type of people fit on this atmosphere.
Career progression can be a little be hard if you are not willing/able to relocate to different regions
Pay is well below industry The advancement options are really slim
-Bad work culture (politics is prevalent within and across teams) -Non-ubiquitous technology stack -Type of work varies from team to team
Work 30% - Advertise 70% is the balance to stay.
Hours are long People are very competitive Hectic Schedule Annoying
overlooked priority on the work-life balance. It seems like it depends on the management team.
I don't have any.
Sometimes pm and designers discuss too loudly. And toys are too near from working area. So it is hard to focus in the office.
Average market Salary and compensation
Terrible targets, 75% gate, average local management which leads to a very high turn over of staff which makes selling hard and no one really knows what they are doing.
There are reorganisoin all the time
Nothing I could figure out
too many re-organisations in recent years...
Work life balance isn't that great
Strict Management, Long hours, Short Holidays
The ´real´ company strategy was a little opaque, but this possibly because I was so remote. The administrative and billing system, as well as compliance is an absolute nightmare.
Large company no room for improvement. Can be hasty
scrum meeting is stressful sometime
easy to get trapped in a bubble and lose sight of competition
Manager doesnt meet enough. My work was not properly evaluated. My manager was obsessed with theoritical aspecta rathee than the practical implementation of my project. Information regarding ppo conveyed to us very late(nearly 3 weeks after the end of internship).
A lot of work some times
Slow career progression, still still based on individual performance and visibility, which leads to Very competitive colleagues (forget teamwork) Managers, managers, managers... heavily focus on command / control hierarchy Lots of in house tools and technologies. Takes a while to master and isn't useful anywhere else...
Sometimes is too competitive, nothing else :)
There was no room for growth
Interns are asked to do all the logistical work as well.
Learning curve flattens once you start working, internal politics is very bad
_politics _US is seen as far more important n the London based operations _Lots of people working on the same thing
poor non-professional manager, hr team which never helped to us. Business conduct policy works only for US
Task complexity Long hours Obligatory trainings Poor localization
Microsoft leadership is currently not having a focussed strategy it seems. It is always a trial and error which they call "Growth Mindset". Growth Mindset is actually taking decision and executing it to make it right than reversing those decision at later stage.
too much gray area too much travel
away from home. lot of hours
Slow growth HR tries to hire you at lower stock levels
You need Stephen Hawkins to explain your commission structure to you. Having worked in IT for many years I have never been exposed to a more overly complicated and unclear compensation plan ever. It is truly useless. Trying to find someone to explain to you what it means will be your first major challenge. Good luck you have been warned.  You are just a wing nut on the side of panel on the side of bigger panel on the side of another panel etc etc. You are basically so far removed from decision making and being able to influence it forget trying to make an impact. It remains dictatorship and everything is geared up to be on Microsofts terms and not yours.  The hiring process is truly tiresome. You may well find out at the end of it that the job you have spent months interviewing for might not even be signed off internally and then you get told well done you have made it but we have no job for you. Ask if has been approved before you waste your time.  On boarding - mm what on boarding. Sort your own laptop phone etc...these can take days to arrive.  There are some great brains internally but they seem grateful to be part of the cult that is Microsoft rather than changing the world. It is not a place for dynamic people who want to cut a deal and get on. I fear that too long in this world and you will be stuck. I am not ready to retire just yet.  Probably some of the worst communication I have experienced within a company and quite possibly down to the fact that the people you are asking questions of do not know themselves.  Many of the lifers at Microsoft refer to the good old days....good expense policies, fun, the good old days. Today to them and to me those days are long gone. The nice cars in the car park are driven by those Microsoft lifers with good share options rather than those smashing sales targets. It does feel like you have arrived after the party has finished.  TVP reading is the dullest place I have ever worked.  My advice is if you are looking to join here speak to a load of people you might know who have been here past and present before hand. I did and 80% gave negative feedback. I joined and then regretted it.
outsourcing and vendor hiring structure
A lot of opportunities for improvements:)
company is too big, sometimes dri makes you crazy
Politics is all that matter for your advancement. crazy hours. No work life balance.
Low career opportunities for new hires even after 3 years
sometimes the work get overloaded but that's because of passion of more work at this place
Moving "desks"/target/reviews, general level of education is fair, not integrated in country specific doing of business, week management on first and second level, team leaders is overstressed and is not qualified to lead by example, selfish behavior of collegues not sharing docs(compettive market studies), unmature strategy of business software selling (marketing driven)
- Too many re-orgs - many teams undergo a lot of re-orgs very frequently - Goal in which a division is headed is sometimes not clear - Slow growth - technically and salary-wise - Quality of hiring is going down as years are passing!
Nothing as of now .
The usual of a company this size: - Easy to get lost in a company this size, not easy to find where the proper resource/contact is - The performance review is terrible
no disturbance during the work
our response time to external opportunities and challenges needs to be better. processes need a revamp. The work pressure can get intense at times around key cycles.
not feeling valued as an employee.
sometimes it's difficult to push your ideas
Large size means administrative tasks and process can be counterproductive.
environment, managers, development opportunities and local leadership
Salary, job (80 calls a day), they said "bonus", they don´t give commission plan, managers not professionals,
Internal politics, use of back channels, and games people play to make the score card "go green".
very jargon focussed, meetings about meetings vs. actual action
bad negotiations no wok life balance no proper facilities all are very unhepful
Not fun at all very boring
level increase is slow, technology culture
Food not so good. South Indians may find it bit difficult.
Huge amount of employees are Vendors and has limited space to grow.
Some teams have rigorous meetings and scrums 3 times a week with needing a new solution every meeting, but not necessarily. If you can get used to a similar routine way of working in the IT industry then this is the best place. If you are interested in more of interactive work any IT company is not recommended for that case.
1) Pressure is high, as we transform to a Cloud company, but perform today. 2) Everyone needs to contribute, no coasting here. 3) Work-life balance continues to teeter totter
Huge amount of employees are Vendors and has limited space to grow.
Some teams have rigorous meetings and scrums 3 times a week with needing a new solution every meeting, but not necessarily. If you can get used to a similar routine way of working in the IT industry then this is the best place. If you are interested in more of interactive work any IT company is not recommended for that case.
Needs to work on team dynamics and petty politics. Pay needs to higher to rule out the competition.
Managers and dept heads change on a very frequent basis, and every 2-3 years the latest business strategy is changed back to something that looks very like the previous one but promoted as "totally new". Re-orgs are constant, disruptive and cause uncertainty in staff, they take up loads of time which could be spent better with customers.
company is too much USA employees focused
Hard to advance, not enough opportunities to get ahead and lead
Local offices are just sales offices, almost no strategic decisiones are made at the country level, you will just obey.
Internal competition, culture vary influenced by area head style, product driven (inside out)
Sales culture is toxic and there is a lack of value that the organization has in their employees.
* Lots of scope for growth/ability to work on different areas up until senior level... but many then move to Redmond to progress beyond senior level. * Less of an issue at lower levels, but having senior-level influence on Redmond teams (with an 8 hour time difference) means calls up until 6, 7 or 8pm.
Flexibility, Salary, work life balance
Internal Politics, Very Judgmental
Managers are too cozy in their positions which they can occupy for a very long time (In my managers case 8 years) without any career development plans. I cannot speak for the rest of the Organizations within Microsoft, but in the Advertising Org, the team dynamics are so dysfunctional because of the peer to peer comparison instead of individual impact. Too political (There are teams really have no contribution to the success of other teams but when asking them for something they are paid for to be doing, we are advised to be very political, tactical and gentle when asking. Features are released without any training and everything is US friendly and EMEA needs play catch up the whole fiscal year...Really disappointing..I really want to see Microsoft succeeding like in the 80's and 90's.
Sometimes you had to work long hours and it was challenging
pressure, competition, workload, lack of staff
Nothing much to worry about.
Too many org changes which diverts from being focused on long term projects
Politics and no true defined career path
nothing much.. it is a nice place to start
Can't complain about anything here
It is demanding work, and you have to speak up for yourself and stick your neck out - but I've seen engineers call out senior VPs for being wrong on something and get praised for it (of course you'd better be right) and that means a lot.
Sometimes there is lack of teamwork
If you work at the subsidiary, it´s all about numbers!
I really saw only two shortcomings there: 1. We as a product marketing team in the field had to produce a lot of management reports and bureaucracy was at the top. None of these reports contributed positively towards business. 2. Microsoft caught the wave by pioneering the desktop OS development in the 90s, however, much of the management was struggling to see how to direct the company to be the leader in the emerging trends, not the follower. Good example is Mobile OS platform where Microsoft lost to Google. SalesForce.com is another example. etc.
In Services, way too many managers and hierarchy Most of the managers or leadership don't know what it takes to deliver, or get to the next level Work life balance sucks, if you are part of high visibility proect
Satya's cultural values are diluted as they filter down the organisation.
sometimes it has bad effect
less in hand salary cut throat competition
Management sometime is inexperienced Management is a bit stubborn at times Clients can be difficult Some infrastructure wasn't in place
difficult to make an impact not easy to get promoted cause of high competition working long hours from time to time
Management sometime is inexperienced Management is a bit stubborn at times Clients can be difficult Some infrastructure wasn't in place
Information overload (with many outdated info), lots of process that might seem redundant
Asks for full time dedication to night shifts and long oncall hours. Pretty much no life balance with people who work general shifts. The managers are almost always pushy (but you might be lucky if you get a good team with helpful mates). End of the day, you are left with a fat bank balance, week and exhausted health with life sucked out of you, and almost no time to spend all that money you accumulated, and detached social circle.
Internal politics and competitions are quite important to survive.
- Less opportunities according to interest (esp, ML, AI)
Nothing very good people and atmisphere good opportunities
Toxic culture, rampant politics due to still/existent stack-ranking performance review system.
Too many useless processes and tools, top down work strategy and direction, quite aggressive working environment, lacking in genuine team spirit
Change, you need to be comfortable working within a matrix managed, rapidly changing and evolving environment and organisation (and one still driven by a somewhat US centric view). Product development and therefore related coding and product management roles are still largely based in Redmond, limiting scope if you're a European based employee.
Change, you need to be comfortable working within a matrix managed, rapidly changing and evolving environment and organisation (and one still driven by a somewhat US centric view). Product development and therefore related coding and product management roles are still largely based in Redmond, limiting scope if you're a European based employee.
Depends a lot on the manager assigned.
very corporate. individual-focus. totally driven by the employee scorecard. getting sponsorship is critical
There is a lot of work that needs to be done
Very complex, extremely large organisation that is often challenging to navigate, but to be expected for a company of that size.
No much work in Data science in Hyderabad
- Located in the middle of nowhere - Slow career progression
Always make sure your role is directly in line with the company strategy or you risked getting bounced around.
Frequent team restructures with no clear planned outcome don't help the customer relationship. As stack ranking is gone, you only rely on your manager now to get your EOY review
Work-life balance is not great, but that is expected as the main business is in USA.
No product designers - the whole product development is based on hunches and their design on 'good enough' Strict salary ranges for a particular position - to get a raise you need to level up which is based on your popularity Strict enforcing of internal tools and processes that slow developers down and make them miserable for questionable benefit Many interactions with people outside your own office seem to be Kafkaesque and they do not seem to want you bothering them so they try to do the absolute minimal effort to get you off their back
Only provide the minimum benefits for contractors: holidays and pension, no healthcare cover. A company who ask his staff to keep evolving. I think it is great but some might rather work in a more settled environment.
Microsoft is too big, your boss will ignore your feelings.
Closing rampdown opportunities messy nofuture
Every year you are expected to do significantly more with less. Manager spend more time measuring everything and justifying outcomes than focusing on innovative ways to win the hearts and minds of customers. Each year is a different mantra that everyone needs to snap too. Career success is measured by how many different jobs you can amass in the shortest period of time. There is no real walking the talk
- Large opportunities across different subs. _ Interesting place to work. Good work ethics - Remote working week on week - Celebrate people and chievement
Too stable, not helpful for personal growth. The learning curve is steep enough, especially for young people
It's hard to be promoted as people manager due to limited open positions.
Location is not easy to find, as a intern you can not join any online projects,but the company will create some small cases for you to finish.
- Career opportunities are limited outside the US, especially as so many in higher positions are staying in their current positions for 5, 10, 20 years or more, it will be very difficult to get a good position i.e. progress through the ranks, work your way up, than if you had joined in the 1990's, and very early 2000's. Today, the company is over 120,000 employees, so there is very little room for career progression " and say I can be here 20, 30 years. - Work is constant changing, always being challenged too much. The job description is very different reality to when you get inside and on board. You will have to take tasks which are always above your normal job title. - Review system is "we have two slices of cake" to share with 10 people in a department, a lot of people feel its very unfair, as everyone is chipping in and adding to Microsoft's value. One year you can get a slice of cake, next year none, yet you did same work as year before.
Location is not easy to find, as a intern you can not join any online projects,but the company will create some small cases for you to finish.
Slow moving. Not keeping up with same league companies.
Bad management & people management culture: Very top down style of managing that doesn't want input from people below them in hierarchy. Bad results/output: As a result of the above (and other things) the output of the organization is very poor and not fit-for-purpose (i e bad usage numbers)
work life balance is not so well
Large organization isn't agile at times. Have to work across many dispersed organizations to get things done.
Crowded office Good attrition Many changes generate uncertainty
Upper management brings the company down. Over-time is not payed. Reducing cost in the weirdest ways. You can have a laptop to work on but you buy your own laptop bag to carry it but if the bag is not good enough it is your responsibility.... Weird way to work the employees to the bone. You have an yearly usability target that you MUST meet or else. Next year it's like: "Oh, you met the target, so we can set it higher this year". And you MUST meet that also. Imagine what will happen next year.
Too much hierarchy, you will never know the bigger picture of your work. Very slow code to deploy cycles. Old practises, old technologies, old people, old outlook. They over hire from the top tech schools in India and end up giving pathetic work to you crushing any sort of intellectual development. The initial package is good, but subsequent increments are very less compared to industry standards.
- Demanding work - result-driven - long working hours
Biased Interviews as they selected only girls
Complex business with complex processes. Lack of communication/integration among different business units. Slow to respond to market, although that´s been improving.
- If you are not a change seeker & looking for a easy similar kind of work for long then its not you. - As you grow senior, job options in India diminishes within Microsoft.
can't think of any cons
- No effective leadership and management
Being structred and networking are the most important thing to succeed in yout job
As many things are run from HQ it makes working from side office bit hard especially with huge time zone difference
A little more on the focus
Heavy structure coming from the big corporation size. It is difficult to make a difference and bring innovation in the processes while those needs to be approved by 4-5 layers' up.
Highly political, need to spent a lot time with self-promotion
May not be the pay master compared to new companies
May not be the pay master compared to new companies
Working hours are way too long
No good balance for work life balance
Company needs to advertise lot of good things they are doing and not neglect it.
Managers without experience as People Managers, Internal Office Politics, too much bureaucracy and too many process.
Management is disjointed. Certain managers lack leadership and communication skills. Qualifications may be questionable. There is lack of consistency with disciplinary action.
Lots of internal burocracy Follows plans before thinking
doesn't move as fast as startups, lack of full-time PM and designer.
Very high level of pressure
Not much transparent, hasty decisions, lacking growth mindset, too many leaders, many hidden things, teams contributing to a product are not aligned.
office politics, too much redtape
- work is so fragmented so that one cannot focus on anything important - managers have been stripped of power to make decisions, so there is no-one with decision power to talk with - organization spends more time on politically and financially optimizing decisions rather than taking company forward - resources as spread ridiculously thin - up to a point of failure - increasing number of invented reasons preventing people from doing their best, such as hiring/promoting female candidates or school hires instead of merit, internally invented compliance procedures, etc. - lots of issues that can only be discussed in private - there is nobody to talk with from management. Everyone is under same pressure and do not have power to change things - lots of burnout - some incompetent and abusing managers are keeping their positions
Because its such a huge company, there are areas of overlap between functions and roles. You just need to get used to that
corporation. you are just a cell in a huge excell sheet. huge stress, everything is oriented to sell more.
Really strange guys at the managment The work on windows products is Boring To Death
Massive corporation with tons of deadlines within short time periods. They do their best to accommodate new employees and give good guide lines.
Management satisfaction over customer satisfaction. Middle and upper management are risk averse. The upper management has an "old boys club" feel and is predominantly male. HR openly acknowledge that if you work outside of Redmond you have no voice in the company.
Too many meetings to agree on product roadmap The "too much" search for consensus can make moving foward too slow.
Pay doesnt increase as you show more commitment
Work on not very important projects.
Sometimes it can be too diverse, and a bit far from my area, Computer Science.
uncsrtain future @ this poin due to firings
It was typical working place.its take some time to adapt there.
Not so great work, sometimes appeasement is what makes bosses happy
Declining budget for travels, team events, decreasing support for knowledge transfer, high utilization and margin pressure.
Complete night shifts, slightly difficult to move to different teams as there will be dependency on you once you grow in a particular role. Hikes and bonuses can be better.
- Internal politics is really bad. - There is a gap from vision to strategies.
not a bad thing to say.
However, due to its size there's many times too much beaurocracy. Also there's huge variance between groups. Which makes it confusing.
Very large organization that can be difficult to navigate for new starters. Limited visibility of work going on in other teams due to size of the organization.
You need to be willing to learn everyday to enjoy working here
Product direction across the board has been pretty poor at Microsoft, with countless products being rushed to market with a poor experience design or incomplete/inadequate functional quality.  Middle management (e.g. director levels) still seems to not understand the new priorities, and on the ground it still feels like business as usual.
Work/life balance difficult to obtain but you choose this and most employees would probably be the same elsewhere as they are overachiever personalities.
Tough work place like any sales organization. Not friendly environment where Numbers of sales is the only concern by hook or crook! Teams are fighting on clients to fully use the IT budget on their services.
1. You might get positioned in a small unimportant project with minimal effect on constumers
No growth, Low Salary, middle management
No promotion scope, no HRD, no finance department, no admin etc.
weekends working days involved and over time as well.
Big, broad businesses, tough to align.
Too monotonous. Too focussed on selling licenses rather than selling solutions to customers.  At times, goals of one team contradict with goals of other team, creating disharmony in teams.
Too monotonous. Too focussed on selling licenses rather than selling solutions to customers.  At times, goals of one team contradict with goals of other team, creating disharmony in teams.
Poor middle management. All they care about is their review and not the people. There have been several instances where the management has actually fired good people for their ego massage.
very good company to work for.
- working in consulting there was a lot of focus on utilisation - you needed to manage it carefully
HQ centric, centralised working model, remote location employee find difficult to grow, less risk taking, slow tovrespond to competition
Scale, agility, process, tools, scale
biased recruitment, work life balance
Lack of team spirit and unachievable quotas.
No work life balance, and huge pressure to transform and deliver today, many conflicting priorities and internal chaos.
Not a lot of free time apart from working. Huge amount of work. Deadline very tight. Joy of having a challenging job!
ranking systems, bonuses, cost cutting
Needs better managers Limited career advance opportunities
Bad management, too much politics. Work life balance
Bonuses change every year, normally for the worse. Management has too many people who lack people management skills. Less training then there use to be. A culture of vesters and resters (normally 15 years in, middle management with little ambition or desire to do well while they sit on their pile of unvested stock).
you are just a number and the workload is immense
Employment status as contract benefits No growth
Microsoft always re-started everything from scratch, like from windows mobile to windows phone 7, from windows phone 7 to windows phone 8 and 8.1 towards windows 10. each new version can't back compatible for old version.
isolated location, frequent overtime requested for engineering employees no fixed loyalty bonus, complicating working process, huge fluctuating labor demand, rare training courses for support function division
high targets, high working hours
You won't be assigned to what you like.
Work-life balance isn't great, growth mindset is still a work in progress, "Scorecard" driven
isolated location, frequent overtime requested for engineering employees no fixed loyalty bonus, complicating working process, huge fluctuating labor demand, rare training courses for support function division
Don't know. Not enjoying the work. My potential is not use to the fullest.
No good Quality work at Hyderabad Center. Mostly dogfooding. People take over proud of being at Microsoft. Folks around you will feel they are super talented and in reality dont stand much in compare with similar product based company. I feel it is Good if you are joining from any Service based company.
You can seem like your only a number in such a huge corporation like Microsoft but thats the way it is sometimes.
Some of the cons included the length of the review process for designs, as they needed to be checked by all involved parties before development. A lot of time was spent in these reviews that can make it seem as though you are moving at a snails pace at times.
Too much bureaucracy, it's hard to implement new ideas depending on which department.
High performance-based and result-driven organization - Seeking credit of good work done is hard to come by. Survival of the fittest.
Always playing catch-up with Apple and Amazon.
Since the environment is very challenging, sometimes engineers start working long hours to achieve their goals, which has the potential to compromise a little bit their work life balance
Career opportunities for Green Badgers.
Too large, with too much corporate governance
Too many middle management or career managers who simple target is there own 2-3 year pathway and are the detriment of the business middle and long term success.
Can be easy to become too settled
Being an intern can get solitary depending on who your mentor is because some of them are very busy.
Difficulties in work life balance NO process define
No clear company strategy in the subsidiary, following only central directions without any flexibility
There is a lot of work to be done :) but since that is interesting, it's not that much of a con.
Good company for opportunities if mobile. Limitations in smaller subsidiaries for growth
None so far, too much comfort.
its a huge company . Things dont move too fast. Opportunites to have high impact work is limited .... but the culture is changing ... the go getters can still create their own space
Be prepared to work long hours, forget family or social life, devote yourself fully, especially around December and June. Very sales oriented not customer focused and can drive you mad if you are in sales or sales support roles. Unless you are a geek or inspire to be one, be prepared to be surrounded by them ( sometimes can be quite entertaining too) Learn to play the office politics, only way up is by literally recruiting sponsors ( everybody delivers as if you fail your quota twice in a row, you will be out anyways)
Pay is not so good and neither is work in India office.
None that I could think of.
Work may become monotonous after some years
Cheap politics, Managers are like dictators - don't listen, all the people who joined 2 years back were impacted without reasons even though people performance was good. However they gave insurance for that calendar year, some severance - I really felt very bad as my team also got impacted without my notice though I was Manager could not do anything.
Everyone is Micro Managed, with some managers who think they would be a level 3 or 4, are just a 1, maybe. Should hire management that have some tech knowledge, and not from just any retail store... They do not like to see long term staff move up within the company, prefer to hire from other MS stores, or Staples, Best Buy or some other retailer ie: hardware stores, pet stores, clothing, all which have no relation to technology as far as I know
POlitical scenario can affect the growth
No cons, neef a vision for the product
it gets boring and repetitive after three months
Local office is shrinking, very political environment, weak strategy for consumer market
Management isn't great. Meetings seemed disorganized and IT were not very responsive to needs.
poor Career Opportunities. MS services in Shanghai is not important. So I don't recommend. Maybe Beijing is better.
large company - many departments & groups
it gets boring and repetitive after three months
Wrong management decisions. Wrong selection process, at least for the management positions. A lot of mistakes in addressing the local market
If you are looking a nine to five job, Microsoft is not for you. Technology access requires strong personal control to ensure better work life balance, otherwise you are always online.
No Cons as such in it
disorganised, too formal- not enough room for innovation, long hours, competitive
Slow decision making. Very centralized and all major decisions happening in Redmond. Too big to have real impact as individual.
happy to have worked with such a great company and would recommend every aspiring student to dream big
the hours were very long
absence of benefits, absence of changes of daily activities
No. I don't think too much downside
Few Full-Time opportunities in HR function
Technologies that you work on are Microsoft specific.Most of the similar level companies don't use them.
Unsure future of devices is a drawback
still very Seattle centric company
Lacks Quality of work..lot of paperwork
- Alot of pressure to perform
Lacks Quality of work..lot of paperwork
The company has an obsession with analytics and reporting. Depending on your role, you may find yourself buried under an expectation of talking about what you need to do and showing why you need to do it, vs. doing it
Reorg happens every alternate year which impacts ppl. Many females were asked to leave post maternity leave. Not an employee friendly company
Benefits in Canada are not as great as the US. Working for the retail department as well limits you to career opportunities in corporate though not completely impossible.
competitors have created better operating systems and Microsoft still relies too much on customers to debug their products in my opinion.
None that I can recall
most of night shifts, but no issues
Middle Management can be very bad.
Work culture is not very satisfying. Here you should be lucky to get good manager. I find so much domination/show-off of experienced MS employees on new hires. Company should try to take actions to avoid them.
It depends on the team you are in
Top heavy management, leadership decisions lack customer focus, internally focused
Less pay compared to industry standards and politics in office
- High pressure environment,very competitive and quite agressive
had to work REDMOND timezone -- living and working in Europe that sucked. you had to work normal days starting local time at 7am and then ending at midnight - 01:00 in the morning local time.
Nothing that really bothered me
contractors (vendors) are treated very inferior to FTE employees.
strategy is changing yearly basis
- very boring tasks, no interesting products are handled in Israel. If you really want to get successful in the company you have to be at Redmond. - Only using Microsoft technologies for development. lack of open source community culture.
There aren't many cons here, still to fill the space 1.Some teams have better work as compared to others. Sometimes the discrepancy can be large and causes stress to people.
The difficulty in navigating, prioritizing and fulfilling my requirements whilst at the same time, struggling to get the correct stuff in place in time, because without that I'm not allowed to deliver. Catch 22 (But this I think will calm down over time, initial phase is TOUGH.)
- Your salary depends on your line manager's review only - No clear career opportunities for non-US offices' employees
people in microsoft show bad attitude there they are the best in the world by the way perks is less than other big companies
Complicated business structures, and lack of initial training
The work environment is restless. Work pressure is very high. Career path is totally unclear and you have no idea how/why promotions are granted.
Long Hours, very competitive and bell curve
Nothing i can think of
too operationally heavy, need to be more agile.
Dificult to get a permanent role so the company is full of contractors
- labor tracking practices are atrocious - work load can be overwhelming at times, and underwhelming other times - both cases are undesirable, as having no work means having nothing to show for what you did that day
- Most opportunities are in the US - Politics
Tussle between old MS and new MS within ranks. Transformation is taking a toll on some.
1. Time Tracking and the working volume. You can put 100 % in the system and there will be some things that you cannot complete or finish at the end of the day.  2. The lack of incentives and retaining policy. You will be told that you are always replaceable. You don't learn 3rd party stuff because it's not Microsoft business and because you are limited only to what Microsoft components can do. There are slim to nonexistent chances that you will be able to learn something else.  3. The lack of "Work Life Balance". Simply there is none. As long as you are willing to work non stop everything is OK. Once you want to have work life balance, you'll notice that this is not possible, even if flexibility was promised from beginning. If you'll somehow attain it, then the review at the end of the year will wake you up.
Some issues with internal communication between teams. Not very good senior management appointments. Strategic mistakes and slow to change.
Large company...and with that comes some degree of bureaucracy and multiple layers of management to engage...and that slows down innovation and transformation.
-- No work life balance, completely ruins your personal life.  -- aweful higher management, they have made it a complete call center environment.  -- specially new managers, total let down. -- now matter how hard you work, no recognition, only people with great buttering abilities get recognised.  -- it's a shame company is not looking into it. Worst ever experience in last 12 years.
Office located in industrial area
Continued change management will require nimbleness
expensive products like windows office SQL Server
Politics, ability to grow limited
Less investment in training and building teams, compared to other industry peers
It is a major company and as such is not for everyone, my advice is to stay positive
Dont have any such could increase stipend
Salary is not showing your right value
Difficult to convert to perm role
Long working 9 hours a day with only an hour lunch break May give up sales as the company is particular about who it wants to sell to Company is highly regulated in terms of how it should be managed No free cellphone for managers and other employees
to much internal burocracy and difficult to grow you career if not in your original area
Worklife balance can be at times challenging for customer facing roles, but is part of job
The organization is very hierarchical so it takes time, sweat and blood to get noticed and climb the ladder.
can feel a bit too big for those who long for a small-company feeling
not so good work life balance
Tendency of many managers to pigeonhole internal job applicants based on current role only...makes external role changes more difficult. External candidates with less experience often brought in above better internal people as a result.
Worklife balance can be at times challenging for customer facing roles, but is part of job
Team Manager are ever thing to decide you appraisal. No transparency. No clear business plans. Employees are not valued
Big organization, hard to make a huge impact
not so good work life balance
Big corporate bureaucracy, spend an awful amount of time reviewing vs action
Just got made redundant. No employee loyalty. Definitely feel like a cog in the machine.
Excellent nothing at the top of head
Process is bit slow Transparency is severely lacking
cab facility is not available
Revenue landed matters , nothing else
Performance management for low performers take a lot of time, too many politics involved.
1. Overtime Work seems to be mandatory
not open source. limit choice
It is a large company, so you have to know how to navigate the many layers.
Work life balance and more Redmond driven
Too much churn because of attrition to US
If you want to get up the ladder, it is not enough to be good, you need to travel to Redmond a lot to get connections.
No opportunities to learn and grow for Contract Staff.
nothing as such I remember
limited benefit and career oppty for contractors
Work itself was boring and unchallenging with slow processes and development tools. Company is slow to change and feedback regarding products and features is usually overlooked. While some managers are amazing, others are abysmal to the point of increasing employee churn rate around them. HR and Senior management do not seem to care regarding this.
Also lots of not so smart people who are able to hide in the corporate hierarchy
Politics is way too much. Too much of redundancy and stupid decisions are being taken/ There a many projects and many employees which are not needed and are just still part of the organization.
I could spend very less time at MS due to some personal reasons and that time frame wasn't enough to really figure out any real shortcomings. Strategic transformations by Satya will be something to watch out for in upcoming times
Fast Pace. Really. Fst! But when you start to manage\filter all activities you got involved in - you can keep this pace. But sometimes it`s really hard.
Too heavy a focus on Microsoft products versus the general tech world. May have changed since I left.
its big! too much work load but that is it. otherwise its amazing
Low Salary, no Insurance for spouse and too much internal politics.
time is going with again time
come from an acquired company (Nokia) have lots of thing to adjust, up and down in transition period and uncertainty makes things a bit unclear.
its big! too much work load but that is it. otherwise its amazing
political, red tape. need cloud sales strategic plans.
Teams are still working very independently and co-operation is may times missing. People are also not challenging their boss, if they see some work does not make sense.
There is an important lack of organization and unreal targets that mean excess of work.
management consists of long term employees who has no insight about outside industry trends
- Work-life balance - Pressure to reach your quota is enormous, but if you cope with it, that's ok. - Communication between departments could be better
Corporate, slow moving at times
the offices are in 2 separate buildings, one in Tudor Arghezi and the other in Piata Presei, so it's a bit difficult to work closely with everybody.
Hardly any cons to work with
The package of the company is comparatively lower than the competitors.
hardworking place, pressure, salary low
focus on diversity against performance/capability
their is no downside
Can be boring when store isn't busy Could pay more for stuff you do.
too big company which do not have opportunity to talk with higher manager.
Vertical growth takes lot of years.
As in every multinational company, corporate decisions don't necessary reflects local o regional reality when it comes to local strategy
High demand and challenging culture
Can be micro-managery but all their work is standardised so that's fair enough.
China sometimes is not prioritized per its own market lelvel
Significant internal reporting and administration (operational and compliance).
Everyone wears a mask to work. A lot of land grabbing and due to the overlapping responsibilities and work, lots of politics and everyone ends up justifying their own existence. Sometimes people just think of "good ideas" to be executed but if you scratch beneath the surface it's just to keep teams of people gainfully employed and managers with big teams to manage and in power.
Microsoft has been one of those "pay-masters" as they say in the Industry, or at least used to be. However the current industry structure is more competitive and I believe they have fallen behind in the game a little. The pay is very decent nevertheless but they might have lost out on the "we are the best pay-maters" tag at this time.  Work is always on the higher side so you have to strive to strike a balance between work and life.
These days it has become too much of politics which the Engineering community is not liking
US centric company with centralized decision making evening calls with US colleagues
lots of change happening senior management directives often conflict with ground reality a bit too big and can get lost inside
- You might have to work in Night shift if your team is responsible for handling north America region! -
Politics and regional/linguistic favoritism is the bottom line of this company. Once legendary Microsoft interviews are now run by temporary HR contractors, who just care about meeting hiring targets. No accountability from senior management about quality of people being recruited.  Government jobs like concept of "reservation" has silently creeped in the recruiting process - drastically separate levels of technical questions for top colleges(tough interview questions) and 2nd string colleges (cakewalk questions), so that HR can just meet hiring targets.  You have to do buttering to your boss if you want any career growth at all, else you will be branded as "lacking soft skills". Technical skills and your work have zero value.  Rather than working for a common goal of creating great products, the company culture encourages people to step on others head and prove your "visibility", which is nothing but useless chattering and giving junk fundas etc.  As part of cost cutting, some of the best in-house engineering systems have been blindly demolished.  So many internal scams going on openly. They have banned team outings beyond 100 km distance but there exist several teams in Hyderabad who make trips to exotic destinations under the disguise of "training" and nobody questions it.  Internal employee survey is simply used as a means to identify and penalise the "complainers" rather than genuinely addressing the issues. After conducting a so-called "anonymous" annual poll, the HR will conduct team-by-team meetings (if team's review is bad) and will try their best to trap people into talking and indetifying those who raised any issues in the poll. Once you are on the radar for giving any negative feedback, your career is a gone case. Have seen at least 6 people being "managed out".  Pathetic degradation of company culture since exit of Bill Gates.
Very spontaneous with short deadlines.
- You might have to work in Night shift if your team is responsible for handling north America region! -
too far way from home
They acquire venture and after a couple of years, they re-structure organisation and many of us lost our job. I wish they offer bit more for us as an option.
Some of the tasks might feel redundant to certain people. But if in a good team, all goes good for your career.
Some bugs take years to get resolved. Because of this, it gets even more difficult to gain the trust of the business partners.
Hard to contribute in a fast paced way, due to heavy organizational processes
many off shift work during weekend
In my 100% unbiased opinion there are no downsides to working at Microsoft - in some respects they don't give people long enough vacations though.
12 weeks is bit short quite intense for a research project and the UK visa policy is not flexible for non-Europeans.
Work can be competative and hard at time dnd djdjd djdjdj slalla sjsie labsjdl ahdkdls
- Slow progress - Political - Cases of bad management
Politics all around here, lots of people have shifted to US and India is mostly a back office now
nepotism, sometimes growth opportunities are not fair, focus in more on internal selling/lobbying rather than actual performance
Very large teams. Harder on decisions
Not much of any cons of real significance. May be sometimes even if you work hard you may not get excepted amount of satisfaction because every one works hard and are brilliant at the company...so its difficult sometimes to be very successful
Maybe it can be 100 percent working power of one employee during week and sometimes is hard to be into all new software which is developing very fast.
Complex corporate structure at headquarters.
Lack of clarity (sometimes), corporate bureaucracy, difficulties cooperating with other departments
Sometimes things don't go as it should but have to keep trying no matter what there is a lot of people working so it is very hard to concentrate
sometimes pressure from the upper management
work pressure can be difficult to handle
Politics and cash bonus could be much better, specially in non sales areas. May take very long to get promoted even if you perform great.
Its a very big organization, hence one had to be very focused.
More work time less balance
Best place to work is in the US. Working in the UK was career restrictive, a few years ago but is now improving and there are many more opportunities in Europe.
Huge Disparity in compensation, be it between College hires and lateral hires or within lateral hires.
Late hours, a lot of email, overworked first line managers, and high expectations
I have no to much working experience as well as but i have lot ideas in my head.I need a proper place to share my ideas and oblige thereby.
It is a very large company
- You have to be very disciplined because by the time a new tech is released to the market there will be no in-depth training ready for you, so you have to expend a lot of energy on in-depth learning by your self. -The company loves acronyms, so prepare to learn and be fluent in tons of it
Brook street should be avoided. They use a secret tactic through BMOs which allows Microsoft managers to bully brook street contractors and provide preferential treatment to individuals.
bad decent but hey how woop woop
Employee need to be on their toe when it comes to company's expectation on performance
Worked in the Singapore operations Centre. Culture felt less than progressive--people were managed by fear rather than by empowerment and motivation. The general management team at the time did not impress me. To me they lacked breadth of thinking and international exposure. The company was too complex and a few structural impediments surfaced during the quarterly forecasting and annual budgeting cycles. employees focused on their own worlds with little cross functional collaboration. Those employed as contractors were made to feel like second class and it showed in their low morale. Desperately need outside perspectives by way of fresh blood across the board.
Long admissions process - a lot of steps . To request permission to install software . ( Large bureaucracy ) . The management is objective and has trouble thinking
- Work-life balance can be challenging. I witnessed a few people burn out yet it really depends on how you manage each situations - Compensation vs responsibilities. It is not unusual to get the scope and responsibilities of 2 or even 3 professionals would normally get in other companies but the compensation does not follow - Too focused on hitting quarterly targets versus long term strategy and driving disruptive innovation - exec in Redmond living in a bubble too far from the market reality across the globe
politics and poor year end appraisels
No much compensation or benefit
Its been more than 2 years here and have found none! Although the human trait is to crib for something or the other... but the real fact is that i have not seen anything so big to be called as a Con.
There's not much opportunity for growth Progressing in the company is based on Manager's favoritism not your skills or effort. They say it's about customer service but it all comes down to sales.
Sometimes elephants shall dance faster..
-- May have to work long Working hours frequently -- High work load
The company is very 'Redmond-centric', a lot of events and news alerts are specific to the global HQ in Redmond. Apart from that, nothing majorly negative to say.
Internal processes can be improved for cloud selling.
You have a big coorporate culture to fight, watch that you always keep doing what you like and avoid the rest
large org that changes direction and cuts huge amount of roles
There are politics as in any companies this size.
Workload can be very unpredictable You have to sell yourself to management to be given a good rating at the end of the year. People don't notice you, u advertise urself.
Sometimes lack of organisation, not competitive salary
Movement within organization is little difficult.
Workload can be very unpredictable You have to sell yourself to management to be given a good rating at the end of the year. People don't notice you, u advertise urself.
Retrenchment is very normal, people are more self centered, human resource department is known to be horrible and incompetent. Sucking up to bosses bring you benefits.
Processes Too much old school thinking at the top exec management.
Nothing major that springs to mind although sometimes there does tend to be a bit of a blame culture
Aggressive organization, fast paced and not for the weak hearted
the biggest SW company, but care little about the hardware and mobile terminal design.
need to wait long for higher posts
I cannot think of a con to working in Microsoft Research India. It is one of the nicest and most rewarding experiences to work there.
Internal competition is high, sometimes other organizations won't collaborate
International transfer can be difficult, especially if you are younger and haven't demonstrated huge impact on the company yet. Whilst understandable, think about introducing a transfer program with other subs to give the younger even more opportunity.
Too much office politics can be a distraction work life balance is sometimes compromised, especially during the end of each quarter
Lack of execution to achieve business goals.
Turning into a Sales role and becoming number driven
Transforming slowly. Every process is too global, so very little space for autonomy & experimentation. Fear of failure is huge in the culture, this has also effect on innovative thinking ...
Too much backward compatibility, inter-team dependency
Political, poor team relationship,
Management can be messy and political.
Can't think of any now
Hard to get to the right people due to the complexity of the company and the innumerable different roles. Harder for people that needs a clear direction to do work.
Too demanding and hierarchy is a bit long.
Big, slow, trepid, static, office
Bad career opportunities Boring project Work extra hours sometime
Its been a month here, need some time to figure that out.
longs hours.. as per most software jobs
support manager roles are not on par with industry std
Less open source is used.
Not much flexibility in terms of progressing your career. Very rigid organisation.
The culture is too aggressive
No cons. So far so good
Career path is not always clear.
Career path is not always clear.
I can't think of any
Not good to acquired companies. Too U.S. centric
To me, theres no downside. Its just a matter of how good you handle yourself on your own. If you know how to handle yourself, you'll be fine.
Takes some time for leadership to adapt to the new style and culture under new CEO
Silo working. Secretive to an extent.
Big company, hard to make big impact as individual contributor
There's a lot of red tape. The fact that there multiple autonomous business groups within the company adds friction in terms of growth and innovation both for the company and individuals. Managers are provided with needless amounts of power- sufficient to exercise micro management on the employees and excessive enough to decide their careers in a biased fashion.
None that I can think of
While work is interesting after a while it gets monotonous. Continuous high pressure can lead to burnout. Huge difference in India org management. Its localized in culture. Difference are made personal.
a lot of change about business but it is intresting learn about it
- Redmond is the center of MS's universe. - A big pyramid full of mid-level management. - Impossible to follow Agile and Scrum. Quite a few people stuck to obsolete corporate mentality. - A lot of bureaucracy.
a lot of products, offers, Licensing contracts to understand and explain to customers. A lot of information coming every day, every hour .You need to prioritize by yourself.
Some people are frustrated with the small scope of what they work on or the slow pace but I think that's just a symptom of the size and complexity of the projects you work on at Microsoft
Very high work load, quite stressful
Brand and strategy tightly controlled from Corp
Very short contract, not competitive salary scheme
The weather is too cold, sometimes the office seem to be in the polo
Can't think of any at the moment.
Can be rigid especially when working with the US arm
- Vertical career progress is excruciatingly slow - Customer facing roles have to deal with unrealistic expectations of themselves and the company offerings due to the price of doing MSFT business vs the regional business market - It always feels like you're working in a small subsidiary and rarely feels like you're part of a giant corporation - There are way too many processes and procedures surrounding work - Stack ranking is officially dead but still exists in the afterlife
No real cons found yet
Too much Competition between employees
Workload can be very heavy at times.
There are few cons associated with being an employee at Microsoft.
The hiring bar is getting lower these years. Microsoft is no longer the most attractive IT company of the world.
Hard working environment, lot's of politics and team collaboration not the best one. Everyone watching his own back, and trying to get ahead. Hopefully the new CEO will reverse this as he managed to reverse and improve many other things
- Company culture (though changing under Satya). - All Israel products are getting cyber oriented. - Working with Microsoft only technologies. - People can be not that social.
A lot of Alpha Male and unconcious bias is common. Metric drive behavior so don't be suprise if you ask questions and don't get any answers.
Manager were difficult to find.
unnormouse working hours (alwase 48-60 hurs per week)
Not easy to work indirectly with Microsoft. Especially in Africa
Not much chances to learn non-microsoft specific technologies
Projects can seem a little over-engineered in some ways and some tooling can be a little tough to work with but it is rapidly getting better all the time.
Job promotion opportunities are relatively small
work load deadline struggle frequent changes bond signing teem management
Nothing much - very happy of working here
* Politics is prevalent among upper management * Lack of transparency
Though to get the partner channel to join the transformation. Very focussed on control (finance, pipeline, scorecards, metrics,...), which takes up a lot of time & energy
had to move away to be near reading
complicated process, sometime react slow
Lack of innovation, level management is not so well
There are no cons i. Can think of now.the only disadvantage being it is away from my house.
■ Career path is up to a level. To move further (top positions) you need to know the right people and be accepted by them in advance. ■ Luck of NEW ideas and inspiration. It’s not only improving products and services (not that successful in many cases) it’s about listening the market needs, which means having employees with a vast variety of experiences (market sectors / backgrounds)
bearocracy too much process lack of innovation
Bad ecology and unfriendly collective that's cause stress situations.Irresponsibility.And dishonesty.
Not very stable, projects come and go.
long hours and sometimes being called in on weekends depending on your super visor.
Lots of products so can be tricky to keep up with all the latest updates and roadmap
contract employees benefits are way less than full timers
Can get bit overwhelming at times!
However its all theoretical. Opportunities come to only those who are politically aligned
Lots of products so can be tricky to keep up with all the latest updates and roadmap
There are not really alot of cons except for having to driving alot to get there. MICROSOFT is a must go !
contract employees benefits are way less than full timers
- Long work days and non-flexible work hours
Poor cross-discipline mobility. Continues to be a company working in siloes, which stunts mobility and drains creativity. Too much politics and headcount.
constant negotiations about downsizing people not so good possibility to change position within the company training facilities and possibilities could be much better
Still a bit behind when it comes to moving out of Box product approach into a service driven company. MS is making strides in the right direction, but some teams are still slow to embrace a worldwide cover, follow the sun model that fits better with PaaS and SaaS teams and services.
Keep employees engaged and offering exciting challenges is tough for any company. Microsoft should strive to make sure all teams allow individuals to seek out new projects and challenges that align better with their interests.
all was fine, nothing bad to say
Big company, can be bureaucratic
Project & culture is very bad.
The projects can get very big and you feel like someone very small.
The techniques / engineering tools are relative close. But for the recent years, Microsoft has become more and more open.
Good place to work. Big company
Everyone is for themselves while it looks otherwise. Their HR department and their policies are poor. There are good and poor managers. Absolutely no work/life balance, had to work 7 day a week. I have not seen anybody working 9 to 5.
too big, not personal managment.
Big communication cost across team, different guidelines to follow.
Performance review is still to the discretion of the managers
high pressure work environment, high level manager is ....
Products are low impact compare to Microsoft global.
Hard to get a promotion as they hire senior level managers from outside, you need to take a lot of care for your visibility inside the company
Performance review is still to the discretion of the managers
slow compared with industry, could be better if there is core dev in China
Everything is cool and you should keep on working.
Can be more fast moving. The traditional ways of developing software with 3 years development life cycle is so engrained that moving to smaller sprints has been a challenge
Most Snr Mgrs are promoted based on their ability to manage up, rather than manage their teams. Its essential to be tolerate a lot of office polictics
- India storage division management is not well organized and full of politics - Randomness in technical direction to employees
Work life balance should be better
- India storage division management is not well organized and full of politics - Randomness in technical direction to employees
More work and opportunities than there is time in the day.
Microsoft is a large organization with a lot of talent but it felt as if most of the people were being under utilized. Also the forced rating of the stack ranking ( which largely most companies are removing) doesn't necessarily evaluate the performance of the team. If the team had 10 brilliant employees the leader had to choose a few to be brighter and a few to be less brighter than the others.
not enough employee oriented environment, not a place to feel too comfortable on your chair
It odes not involve a lot of technical skills. It is more about leadership skills. so it is not a software engineering position if that is what you pursue.
No cons about the microsoft
Full of Politics, and stupid HR policies and stupid HR Partners
facebook inc aplication rusian no originaly
This is of ourse dependant on the teams, but there can be too much emphasis on processes which can be obstacles when wanting to move forward. You will have meetings where nothing gets done, you will have a LOT of them since many people in Microsoft like to discuss vague things like strategy, vision, direction and goals so it can be tiring when all you want to do is some actual work. You do also need to count with the fact that when working in a Global environment, you might need to participate in meetings outside of your standard working hours.
Big difficulties to get a full-time job despite working for 3 years as a contractor. Vendors have some downsides as not parking slot, you cannot work at the office more than 3 days a week.
Like most big companies, tend to be slow to respond.
There are only opportunities to move up if you are one of the management's select favourites, work/life balance is non-existant for being retail, management aggressively pushes sales as opposed to customer experience
This is of ourse dependant on the teams, but there can be too much emphasis on processes which can be obstacles when wanting to move forward. You will have meetings where nothing gets done, you will have a LOT of them since many people in Microsoft like to discuss vague things like strategy, vision, direction and goals so it can be tiring when all you want to do is some actual work. You do also need to count with the fact that when working in a Global environment, you might need to participate in meetings outside of your standard working hours.
Have bullies within their workforce that are left to bully and nothing is done about it. HR have no power and do nothing, staff leave and report the bullying but are silenced into agreements that force them to leave quietly so as not to "hurt their careers" and the bullies stay. Worst experience in my 20 year career in IT, would strongly not recommend people join.
You don't always feel empowered to effect change, even when it would be really good for the company's bottom line. Everything has to pay the Microsoft tax, meaning lengthy legal, tech and process reviews.
Very bad organization and very bad high level relationship
work pressure is too much in some teams. some teams don't have work. People are competitive.
poor communication between stakeholders and colleagues
None to speak of currently
Make sure you are not distracted and maintain work life balance.
Little Salary, bad internal culture
not the ability to drive a car
flat management structure, doesnt pay as well as competitiors
Management, career opportunities, lack of transparency
bad people bad weather bad management
- No interest in challenging the status quo / innovation. If you mention the elephant in the room you get to take it home. (As in, if you mention a problem you become the problem and your manager is unlikely to support you. - The review system forces managers to give negative reviews to a fixed percentage of their team, whether they deserve it or not. People are being calibrated against each other, which fosters and atmosphere of defensiveness, competitiveness and withholding of support
Very competitive. Some people don't like to work together.
Since, it's a very big organisation sometimes actions are taken after a long time and opportunities are spotted late.
- Many people want your position. Highly competitive environment that keeps you under pressure
Growth opportunities are less for employees.
Low on Career opportunities. Need to keep your manager happy .... else look for glasdoor
Too big to be able to make a relevant impact
* mid level management not willing to transform * internal relations more important than real result/impact * too much of internal promotions (or with same type companies) like no 'new blood' in nature causes DNA problems in future :)
Completely scorecard driven, the company can struggle to think outside of the box. It is often made clear that you are a cog in a sales machine - dispensable and replaceable.
Many teams are still using the bell curve method internally even though they have removed it Some teams are known for very bad office politics though most of the teams are really good and changing
egotistical management, very poor operational IT systems
Everything is about the score cards, that are top-down guidelines. Manyy working hours, which could happen from time to time.
A lot of politics Slow turnaround
Internal bureaucracy, still not customer focused but internal
Quota aknowledge. Reporting time. Internal work
A lot of politics Slow turnaround
Duration of tenure is often the main reason people are in management positions, rather than their ability. Can be too political.
- Reduced focus on technology, must equally deal with business and tech
Poor management skills, Too much relies on internal selling
Competition is high within the company
- Great employer in past, but a lot of things have changed - Low innovative capacity - High sales pressure - Micro management (in some teams) - a lot of administrative tasks - low empowerment for sales teams due to the existing processes
At this point none of them
It can be like hell if you are an IT-pro and would like to keep it that way
Slow seniority evolution for Young hires.
not possibility to become a FTE for Microsoft once you star as a vendor
not possibility to become a FTE for Microsoft once you star as a vendor
Nothing as such. I just want to be a part of microsoft, as a virtualization SME
phone, size, complexity, too many players, decisions speed
A recent wave of American sales leadership with near psychopathic behavior are killing employee morale and customer goodwill through short term sales execution.
nothing to mention here for now
Insane politics. Managers and higher are more worried about politics and bureaucracy than getting real things done. Lots of egocentric and paranoic executives, micromanaging competent people and making them more and more frustrated.
Promotion is mainly done by your manager engineering system is crappy
Very political environment. Missed some critical technology wave, like Mobile.
pretty much nothing as such. Evrything is fantabulous
Corporate headaches, slow in decision making, very hierarchical
1. No Growth. After 3 years you wonder what you know after all when you talk with people from outside. And you are self-conscious what you can do if you are laid off. Perhaps nothing. 2. Debating Country Culture. So many employees from a specific country that is full of vendors, and those employees sometimes give me an illusion that I'm currently in that country. You understand what I mean. PMs from this country are so good at debating that they eat debating for a living. They bury you with debate in meetings that you are totally lost. 3. PM Managers and Directors. They are a joke. They shouldn't have existed. They are humiliating themselves. They are pure overhead that brings down the engineering team's morale. I seriously believe Microsoft will benefit from firing all PMs, but allowing PMs to convert to engineers if they can survive a high-school level coding test.
Management is not Professional enough an senior
Confined to a specialty is a problem.
Redmond centric to some really ridiculous levels, a lot of people are working on job security. Be prepared to have menial tasks if your commanding chain is held up in politics and covering their tracks.
Like many global companies, working outside HQ adds challenges. Work life balance can also be a real challenge in some roles.
One third of your work there is about making yourself visible to other departments by doing several case studies and attend many meetings irrelevant often to the nature of your work. This takes a lot of your working hours and as a result you have to often work late to meet up the demands of your role.
Poor planning and too many layers
Amount of everyday information is huge. You need to know what and how to filter otherwise there is high risk that you will drown.
You are never done. When you have done what you are responsible for, you are asked to do what others can't get to -- even if that is because they just do not want to do it.
There are no specific cons, as I only volunteered for the win8 Program.
Incompetent management. Career is largely build on individuals - you don't get courses or conferences
Very bad work/life balance in my team. Though I know other teams are fine.
changes happen everyday so hard to keep up with those changes
Need to move faster, resistance to change
Amount of everyday information is huge. You need to know what and how to filter otherwise there is high risk that you will drown.
not much to say - need to be hungry for chances and appeal to your mentor to get interesting tasks other than the routine assignments
dublin it's amazing but the weather can be an issue
Management team have their favourites and if you aren't one of them, they make it obvious to everyone. But like being at school and trying to get in with the crowd. They work you so, so hard and even then it's not appreciated. The culture makes everyone too competitive
You get really comfortable working here. Won't find enough reason to try something else. :P
Good work life balance. Unless you are looking for startup life, this would be a great choice for an IT professional.
Salary structure is very complicated. No benefits to save tax
Good work life balance. Unless you are looking for startup life, this would be a great choice for an IT professional.
Hard working environment - global remit can be tough
Cause improve on the lunch breaks becuase I didn't have the longest lunches it would be better if the location had a kitchen
Management is a lot of politics and to go up the ladder you have to be a politic within your high ranks. The salaries should go up for some levels as the cost of living increased a lot in Dublin Ireland.
Low pay, much office politics
low salary and poor dormitory
Internal complexity causes a drag on sales people spending too much time internally focused when we should be with customers.
few teams have control from Redmond and co-ordination seems difficult due to time zone
Hard, customer high expectation, readiness
Hard, customer high expectation, readiness
Poor Management. No transparency. Over the top speeches but limited action plans. Business minded with almost no Empathy and care for Employees. Blunt and aggressive decision making.
too much distraction sometimes with all sort of opportunities around
after sales services on on on
Company is not ready to make consulting business. Real ware between departments (no team work).
Not dynamic enough as it takes long time to cascade directions from top hierarchy to field. vice versa all field experiences takes time to be absorbed and adopted by corp.
the pay check may not that good
Way too much bureaucracy here and way too many managers just looking at budgets rather than focusing on innovation. A better mix of both would help but that's been a problem for years since we started hiring management execs from companies which are doing nothing else than doing so....
Most of sales have a huge sales quota and numerous scorecards , you had better give up your incentive at the begining of finance year.
Nothing as such.except that u had to learn always
Can be stuck in boring team and end up doing very meaningless work. Huge company, and it feels that way for good and for bad. Older crowd. Lack of direction from management. Old technologies in many teams slow things down. Also, learning is not transferable to other web companies.
none, none, none, none, none
Slightly detached as an international outpost
The new South African leadership does not appear to share the same focus vision and passion for the company, although they claim too. Being an ex IBMer it is starting to feel a bit similar to the business I left.
MS was/is going through the change from traditional software sales to cloud which gave strange effects on sales quotas. Thick, slow mid-management layer to muddle through - spent more time selling internally than externally.
most downside of microsoft lacking of apps for lumia or windows store for mobile.
A bit more salary expected for the role and job. Well their is no end to desire.
There None that I can mention , none observed at the moment
very dynamic company, that drives into stop projects suddenly depending on market conditions
Too many layers of politics. Risk averse business that does not like to lead from the front. Locks individuals into the company with invested stock program.
Too many layers of politics. Risk averse business that does not like to lead from the front. Locks individuals into the company with invested stock program.
Not all teams at IDC have exciting work, especially products that have been around for ages. Non agile teams are plenty here and it's very slow paced and monotonous often. It's pure luck, your experience could be very different depending on what team you join, since the work at MS itself spans so many domains.  Too many re-organizations within vertical divisions, and people and teams keep moving too often.
nothing to worry the cons as no issue.
There was no Cons for me.
Night shifts are the only bad part of the work
Very demanding, a in house competition is very encouraged.
No worklife balance. Expect to reply email at midnight People are not helpful Very bad ranking system, more people will become unhappy than happy
Work load was unmanageable, culture in uk was toxic, senior management were unwilling to receive feedback, staff punished for internal feedback (MS Poll).
I can't think of anything right now.
There is no teamwork. Should be part home office but that never happened. Ego is the real problem of management.
Management in india is really bad and HR does not listen to employees
too internal-centric company. No flexibility in your role, stick to your scorecard. too many processes and red tape. Growth opportunity limited and based on how "politically skilled" you are.
hard to move up especially if you are a contractor.
Usual corporate challenges. The division that you belong to matters in your career growth. Nothing comes on a platter and earn for what you deserve sometimes the efficiency is lost while other people 'Manage Up' well
Constant re-orgs that slow the company down and destabilise.
Not challenging project was assigned
There are some "big corporation" quirks like terminologies and a little bureaucracy at times that may take time to adjust.
Have been a contracted for 10+ years and no openings for full-time employee. Once a vendor, always a vendor.
mentally stressful, lack of management communication
High competition , difficult to survive who does not invest in learning and stretching.
not always interesting thing to do
bad salaries bad salaries bad salaries
Strong focus on quarterly & Fiscal year financial results (short term)
Hierarchy, management style, associate performance review
Very software oriented which doesn't give you the chance to go in depth with CIO or CEOs as all the contacts are always in IT department
They were trying to tackle this when I left but there's too much internal competition and it gets in the way of business Matrix organisation that doesn't alway incentivise collaboration across teams - but as above this may have changed Microsoft has suffered huge market share decline across products and this can be demoralising This is true of anywhere, but you need to make sure you land in the right place with the right boss and the right people around you. There are pockets of high politics which can be corrosive If you go in too junior, you'll get stuck. In spite of Satya Nadella, it's hard to rise Business planning and forecasting processing often more about showboating than reality - again not always good for business
Projects should be better structure as in my view sometimes money is waisted. Performance review although improved still need some mind set from "old school" managers. No chance for accelerated promotion even if you are doing exceptional work. Way to much of politics! Network important over anything else!
Huge amounts of complexity. A tendency towards paralysis by analysis. A company in transformation phase, so the work levels are high.
Wish to have more challenging role
Perception of not being on the cutting edge -- but this is changing!
none so far, maybe never
have some pressure for staff
Local teams are caught up in politics from the top down. Talent passed over or left to stagnate in preference of graduates or friends. The new rating and review system is subjective. The company locally tries to embrace diversity, yet pushes out anyone who has a different view or approach.
No cons could be found.
travel policy not good. needs to be generous
work-life balance, technology depth but no breadth.
late night work and cant think of anything else
Although the company has become open to new technologies, it is still deeply invested in Microsoft specific technologies. There's a lot of scope for adoption of newer, better tech.
very though in level changes , need to use your "elbows" from time to time
Top-down approach when it comes to target settings. Often at time you found the feel team exhausted and demotivated chasing after dreams and dreams.
too much internal reporting and processes, which takes away some focus from serving clients and delivering solutions, very long turnaround on internal decisions, takes plenty of time to get all the approval needed to implement something new
Work flow is too long, and really spends much time. There are too many black boxes which we depend on in the process of development.
Not many great projects to work on No motivation to produce results
Long working (gaming) hours, lack of organisation within the team
Redmond-focused (other location has very minimum impact and influence)
No recognition for your effort.and.tecgnical abilities . If you do not meet your nos tour job is at stack
Work is not always guaranteed.
The bell curve systems needs to be retired - pushes the good out with the bad
- base salaries are average
Number based company and matrix
bad for working overtime as usual
The culture is extremely US-centric, at times it feels people at Redmond HQs simply don't realise there's a whole world out there. Lack of global mind-set to handle employees is a heavy burden.
not best of the pay packages, still lacks agility
- Work quality is average and fluctuates from project to project or team to team
Went from customer focused to sale focused. It's retail so work a lot of evenings and weekends. Very little training besides pk and sales training. Quite a lot of promises with no follow through.
Too much of bureaucracy.
Found the management hard to communicate with
Old fashioned and a bit stale, felt a bit like working in the civil service at times.
Internal politics and competition, sometimes counter-productive, overall many great people worldwide are working or worked here.
More enterprise oriented. Everything take lots of convincing and changes aren't accepted till you can make a really really strong case for the same.
Because this is a support role, work-life balance could be negatively impacted sometimes.
Work more hours other than regular working hours
Perhaps I’ve been fortunate, but that I’ve never found myself bored with any job I have ever held. There was nothing in my prior position that I found overly difficult. I can’t think of anything of major consequence. I’ve always enjoyed hard work. As with actors who feel there are no small parts, I also believe that in every company or department there are exciting challenges and intriguing problems crying out for energetic and enthusiastic solutions. If you’re bored, it’s probably because you’re not challenging yourself to tackle those problems right under your nose.
Too much emphasis on what you are doing on daily basis
Salary is not that good as it might be expected
Tough in the field. Depressing to work for a company in such decline
Old fashioned and a bit stale, felt a bit like working in the civil service at times.
The pressure mounts a lot on you as you grow older in the system You can be forced to take a promotion which is not a part of your career plan just to survive
Re-orgs are common and frequent.
Downsides of working outside of the corporate head office limits progression eventually. There is a brick wall.
- people avoid to do things due to so many beauracracy,and control needed. the enviroment can be stresfull, few carrier opportunities if you are new in the company, high learning curve for onboard due to organization complexity.
non free food, bad work in some teams
Complicated Organization Structure Very High Expectations Nothing else worth mentioning
You may find that your work wouldn't relate to your passion. Yet, you should make use of opportunities to pursue.
No comments on Microsoft please....................................................
Will be dependant on the roles. Some can be repetitive.
No transperancy on how internal positions are filled, internal positions are published as a formality.
could use better cleaning staff for the washrooms, and more office supplies to use
Sometimes you have to face and work with unwilling groups which makes the collaboration harder to achieve more through teamwork
Overall lack of transperent mangement
Not any as such now.
24/7 work - limited 'switching off' time
No transperancy on how internal positions are filled, internal positions are published as a formality.
More nose-to-the-grindstone in APJ, with less time for home, family. Obviously much more sales-driven in the region that at HQ, but this carries over to winning the sale at all costs, and little focus on selling what the customer actually needs.
Sometimes you have to face and work with unwilling groups which makes the collaboration harder to achieve more through teamwork
Impersonal, Inside out, work-life balance issues
difficult to be a manager
Redmond is not really exciting, but that's easily fixed by living in seattle and commuting to work.
Too much work pressure and lots of Travel depending on the engagement
They don't work on cutting edge technology Management is worst compared to any other companies. You never know when would you lose your job. Microsoft can be your high paying temporary job. Hyderabad office is full of politics. I was interviewed by people who were technically moderate. I had fair idea after the interview that I will work with same kind of crowd which is in a third class support project. Work is non technical. Managers are just passing their time, you work in MSIT for more than a year believe me you will go 4 years back in terms of technical experience. Again, as I said job security is not there, you're on mercy of your manager, save money for your family while working. Who knows when will you get fired.  I don't recommend joining MSIT to anyone. Any job at MSIT is a high paying temporary job. Also, you will be technically decades behind the technology market once you join them.  I have experienced the worst in my life here. I pray no one should go through what on have gone through while working here.
- Poor work life balance - Top down management leaves little room for creativity
work-life balance almost doesn't exist :-(
The only thing I can think about is that it doesn't offer free food like other start ups are doing.
Nokia purchase was the worst movement from Microsoft ever. Too political.
I can not find any downside of Microsoft not really a big deal to me. Many companies has its own ups and downs. But still Microsft is the best ever.Best management, best employees, and the best policies and systems.
It was at the start of the Nadella turnaround, so lots of people who'd been there decades and all they talked about was the old days and many were reluctant to change. Even those that did want to change were hamstrung by the concrete poured on them from the US with the "rhythm of business" and lack of consultation from the US, and lack of respect from the US. Don't go to Microsoft if you want to make a difference, you will be squashed and bored before long. If you want to take it easy and ride the coattails of others' success then it might be the place for you.
The performance review system looks unclear at the moment. Also, sometimes the current level/band can be decisive for the role that you aspire internally, but this may vary from one org to another
I could not think of any.
Information overload If you work there a long time you can become blinkered to the rest of the world Sink or swim Process and bureacracy Legacy of the old Microsoft
No career evolution in lisbon
In my division, there's no balance. I've worked in other division as well and it was lot better in terms of the balance and the planning done by the management, way better.
some what competetive atmosphere in the office
lots of work to do   "Work life balance can be very bad" (in 552 reviews)      "The performance review system is broken"
worst work place environment ever
1. Lots of other things needs to be done other than work
Too many agencies and external contractors. Employees are not valued or looked after. Very hierarchical structure. Yearly reviews very subjective, unfair stack-ranking system so employees moral low.
non-sales roles in a sales organization are not rewarded. people are primarily seen as resources and not supported to grow personally
Merge working Microsoft way still ongoing. Ex-Nokia site's working on Lumia products are still chained by (bad) Nokia way of working managers.
I'm not in HQ but China. There seems to be something unclear coming to cooperation across countries. Documents in the company are not so good. Resources are divided differently among different departments.
Sales team mangers were incompetent
Make sure you pick the right team. Different cultures across the organization. Find one that fits you.
Punishing work culture, work-life balance does not exist. Too much emphasis on going for only high impact visibility that discounted the importance of the needful to be done that keeps the engines running, thus Performance reviews are subjective, based on what you had on your current portfolio given by manager. Diluted customer focus. Changes in organisational structure are too fast and too unmanaged.
Roadmap not very clear as of now
A busy and fast paced job which requires dedication and the ability to focus on all detail in long tedious tasks
i dont think any negative point
I had not enough time to judge the company
Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented. Numbers oriented.
Nothing much negative to talk about the company
none really it was truly an amazing experience working in this company
- Many a times we ha to come on weekends, planning could have been better.
Missed opportunities during the last decade.
Review process horribly arduous, pathetic level of business acumen, managers are uneducated, no business degrees or MBAs, surprised Microsoft has become what it is to date. However, they build on the backs of those that do work. How Bill Gates managed to steal an OS from another and sell it as his own work is indicative of how Microsoft operates. I can see this turning into another Nortel story in the next two years. Learn the definition of Machiavellianism. If that's what you're like, you'll do well at this company.
not so good for young graduates
Not much technical work for support engineers
Getting started might take more time than expected.
there are no cons as such
Politics is very important to be successful.
You must take care your boss like your father. young worker doesn't have respect from older.
Nothing really negative to say other than I wish we all had Surface Pro's
High expectations can be met, but how you organize yourself to meet then is crucial for work-life balance. It's easy to get trapped into working long hours.
Office far from city centre in Dublin
Too slow in implementing changes. Very outdated in terms of using technology for internal processes and operations. Takes too much time to bring in a change which requires buy in from multiple stakeholders.
Too slow in implementing changes. Very outdated in terms of using technology for internal processes and operations. Takes too much time to bring in a change which requires buy in from multiple stakeholders.
KPI's - would be much more effective if they were more outcome driven. Also, middle management should invest more time in people. Get a direct contract rather than through an agency. Contractors are treated like dirt even through they do the same jobs...
Heavy and long processes, loss of information due to the complex organization, best practices and knowledge is not sufficiently well transmitted.
Very centralized in Corp, lack of process and systems, too much operational work, lack of agility to answer to customer needs, lack of flexibility to customize offers
Workload is very for very long periods
You are just a number A lot of weak managers US management don't rate or care about employees in other countries
night shifts, opportunity to move across to different orgs internally is tough
No visibility, no career perspectives, gap between junior ad senior virtues.
Heavy and long processes, loss of information due to the complex organization, best practices and knowledge is not sufficiently well transmitted.
WLB could be better Work on MS related technologies Aggressive schedules Vendor Management Weekend Support
Too be honest I can't really fault anything there, I enjoyed my time so much, only thing I would have liked is more training
night shifts, opportunity to move across to different orgs internally is tough
No visibility, no career perspectives, gap between junior ad senior virtues.
The activity may be less and the talk with you and the mentor is less. And maybe it's too short for only 3 months intern.
Big company, slow moving Middle management needs improvement Subs need more local vision
Crappiest HR I have ever seen (can't write a contract and wont correct mistakes, "forgets" about things and people, documents go "missing" or "lost"...) Upper management doesn't know what it's doing, one day they announce a new project, the other day they announce another one that nullifies or goes against the previous one. They have unrealistic expectations and can change their mind on the fly without notifying you, but expect you to go along with them. Teams also don't know about each other and what they're doing, there's a lot of overlap, practically no communication. There are no good training or carrier opportunities in Budapest. The whole company just seems to be a big disaster from here, no insight, just a big chaos.
Not many cons. The Hr is not transaprent
It is a huge corporation that the process sometimes might be longer than your estimination.
Nothing I can think of
If you are in a department that does not bring profit soon enough you are free cattle. But you should anyway think you are enterpreuner even when you are not. You have to earn your position every year at least here.
Working for a big company has its downsides. Sometimes it takes a while for a company to start a new project.
hard to progress your career development. enterprise policies
nothing much..may be little work life balance...
A little insular (so focused on its own success)\ Uber-cautious when it comes to business risk
having to figure out your own vision constantly
* Your experience is very team based. Different team will have different experiences. * No free food * Culture can be very bureaucratic.
Some teams, especially in Hyderabad can get influenced by local politics.
Not enough work life balance
Restructuring and reorganizing are very often.
- The first month is a big hassle of getting network access and filling out endless HR forms. If you ask the HR person a question, they simply ask you to submit a question to the HR intranet website. Coming from smaller companies, I really miss a personal touch. - We are asked to work weekends and evenings, however, no laptop is provided and VPN is blocked from my home computer unless I upgrade to Windows 10 Professional. The no laptop policy will be reversed in 2 months, so I'll have to deal with it for a while longer. - As a group of new employees we were thrown into a big deadline while taking over a project from another team. So, we have to learn a great deal from the other team while working extremely hard to make the deadline. The past 2 months were easily the most stressful of my career. - Even while working super hard, the end result is not that great because the partner teams are equally stressed and it's too easy to make mistakes in such an atmosphere. - Only one 1x1 meeting so far.
sometimes too focus on work.
you have to be in an environment that works with you, otherwise you are alone.
None that I can think of
Every thing is ok .
They are catching up in the web service world late in the game.
As all subsidiaires dependency on others decisions not always adapted on French market. Too much looking inside and siloed organisation. Some middle managers are not up to the task. You should consider yourself on CDD and always have "B" plan even if FTE. Internal evolution is very difficult.
Lack of start-up spirit. Many people choose to have a stable career rather than a risky but potentially very successful approach. Risk-taking is still not a culture in the company.
-Not much team work -need to support newer ideas
employment stability, internal politics, unhealthy competition
usual MNC day to day frustrations (Managible for many)
Scorecard metrics, interal politics, chasing quaterly Nasdaq goals
Organisation is direction less. massive restructuring.
- Work Life Balance is a challenge - Too much analysis driven culture - need right balance
- Design complex and technical architecture which at times fail - War room culture - Everyone tries to smarter than other, to win Manager's trust and rating - Screwed Work Life balance if you want good rapo in organization - Screw professional appraisal rating if you try to have fair Work Life balance
can't think so any cons for the company.
Mobile offices had pros and cons.
Too much focus on internal stakeholders.
Fair in compensation in term of salary and incentive
The work is sometimes challenging I think some people ask a bit much of the workers and don't allow them to be the best at what they do and not what the company wants them to do
- Work Life Balance is a challenge - Too much analysis driven culture - need right balance
As with a number of places, a large degree of support comes from the manager and his/her leadership style. Despite the degree of flexibility available, work is hectic due to high workload - work / life balance is a consistent challenging topic year over year.
You need to understand how to work in a matrix environment
Total waste organization Not suitable for youngsters/freshers poor work life balance
would like to work with it
Very dynamic environment , you need to keep updating yourself, being flexible and always have backup offer, anything can happen here.
Windows phone engineering looks bad.
The food is very expensive. It is a very big company so it's really hard to get to a higher level.
They don't push you enough.
Get rid of the useless middle management who are disengaged from the customer, leadership and the employees demanding money and quota achievement above all. It was seriously challenging having a person not understanding technology business benefits over sales numbers without value......
Politics, politics and Politics Nice
slow-paced, no clear objectives and not goal-oriented - may feel more like a uni environment than a real work multiple teams doing the same tasks - which leads to internal competition and politics rather than focusing on external clients too many layers of management most project don't lead to any noticeable impact and don't align with company strategy - the emphasis is on 'PR' aspect to make the manager/team look good (you spend far more time on presenting/ improving the power point slides than actual analysis or work)
Lack of opportunities to grow (because of the economic crisis), work-life balance doesn't exist
No cons at all, everything was good
MSFT driven by use of dashboards
I liked working here. I'd recommend it.
Too many process changes and too quickly.
rating system subject to bias rating based on perception not actual accomplishments
- tons of politics (which is normal for any MNC), not so much about the actual result but more in positioning and knowing people - lost its root with developers/techies, some people tend to be business - selling to customer comes second, most importantly is to fulfill all internal extra curriculum - peanut butter management style - same stuff spread across all organization - water mellon effect - for kpi that shows green on the outside but inside is red - need to be smart maneuver it as certain roles are doomed at the beginning
Few bureaucrats who are the black sheeps spoil the environment.
Whilst broadly Microsoft is a fantastic place to work, a new starter must accept they will be part of a large complex organisation which can lead to an onerous amount of internally driven reporting and reviews.
Poor work-life balance in some teams.
Metric oriented , game biaised by managers. Scorecard impacts management , the way people are promoted Reporting and overanalyzing. Regularisation discussions , lack of disruptive innovation Customer upset from surveys , account planing Marketing kids mentality
The pace is absolutely relentless - although there is masses of flexibility in terms of where you work it means that you are "always on". Everyone I knew routinely worked evenings and weekends to get the job done. Although working patterns are flexible, there are little to no part time opportunities. Everything is scorecard driven and there is heavy pressure on managers to manage out a proportion of staff each year which drives the wrong behaviours in many cases. More and more heads are being cut but the work doesn't go anywhere which means people are just expected to take on more.
Too much flow work and not quite state-in-art tech.
Atmosphere needs improvement, changing from innovation+passion driven to pure burocracy and "I just want to keep my job"
Lack of diversity in Senior Leadership teams from women and other minority groups. Difficult work life balance for Lumia division with continuous yearly redundancies, creating a very strained working environment.
it gives more money and i belong to a low class family so i need money
unstable long term strategy on the field
Some managers only do politics. The whole aim is to identify candidate for low rating and whatever you do they will say sorry . If you made in good books its very nice otherwise ...
low pay and no healthcare
Needs to re-align with market pay, Needs to get the right balance between layers of management, empowerment of individuals and operational efficiency.
Sometimes hard to get connected to team at off-site.
Too many KPI, scorecard, strategic products,... marketing driven Company, and very political on Director level.
Very difficult to survive if your relationship with manager is not got, other options are literally nil.
New to company and a lot of processes to learn.
Bureaucracy, planning framework – 1 year only, staff changing, official salaries level – medium on the industry
Not really, maybe only negative thing was the open office workspace.
Heavy workload lots of people
Being a vendor means you are typically frowned upon in comparison to other employees that have the *blue Badge*. Ultimately you have to pick what you want - title or salary Lots of politics internally.
there are no cons to report
In Microsoft internal controls and compliance are quite important slowing down decision processes or the speed of serving customers. (Eg. Inviting customers to a normal lunch and pay for it is already - depending on the customer - not possible.)
Technology domain is limited but they had a strategy to increase it like focusing on open-source technologies
Very large org so it is difficult to measure your impact
Company is on transition phase, fully depends on how CEO steer the Big Ship. As it is BIG company, a lot of bureaucracy could be observed all over the company.
After a while, you'll regret the lack of any real innovation happening in the India offices. Many people get sucked into staying, beware of that.
Some managers are really below Microsoft Standards.
compensation not competitive enough, projects not technical challenge enough,
Been through several big changes recently and no one quite sure of how things have landed. A lot of people have to get involved for a simple request/ unclear processes. A lack of support between different teams.
After a while, you'll regret the lack of any real innovation happening in the India offices. Many people get sucked into staying, beware of that.
too big, bureaucracy, culture, attitude
In fact there are no CONS regarding to this company. There you have all the knowledge and instruments to develop a great work with an increadible team.
no cons at all for this great company.
Sometimes it can get very demanding
MSGD has lower levels compared to MSIT and MS IDC
Not well understood or appreciated role by internal teams
Political, lots of legacy people, difficult to change historical practices and act on new ideas
No Cons as such working here
big and old style company, unfriendly to open source
Career not in your hands, vendor you better leave and then come back. They value more people out of the company than the ones they have in house.
There is no cons as we are emerging into best software company in the world.
learn faster than the rest of the world sometimes too fast breadth and depth to be maintained.
not much except for issues with any big company
Difficult to change the job in other country, and maybe the LATAM headquarter is no good.
Managerial and +10 year leads think of them as know it all. If vendor they will consider you as a second class worker. Will look for outside talent instead of developing the work force. Takes to many years to grow as a professional
Always work pressure, no good work life balance
Long Hours , Politics , Really Ineffective HR
Just another corporation with lots of toxic competitiveness taking place.
Time commitments are considerable and if you are in a regional role expect to spend time away from home. The company competes across many product areas resulting in a matrix organization chart that can be overwhelming. There is a considerable amount of time and resources devoted to reporting internally. The job rotation every few years can be a distraction for customers and partners.
Poor bonus/stock contributions to long term. don't expect so much from people managers as part of your career path.
Microsoft corporate structure is complex and may be a very challenging environment for those who have not have any working experience in matrix organisation. Very fast moving company and much efforts are spent on internal lobbying. The constant reorganization and leadership shift coupled with less than effective change management creates unnecessary insecurity and confusion.
Lot of emphasis on numbers and metrics. Moderately-high competitive environment. Isn't for everyone. Still a very top-down company, not a lot of value/ideas can bubble up from the employees to top management.
Worse management ever. No work life balance.
High-pressured and fast-paced work environment
Processes related to human resources are too slow.
The company needs to watch carefully what kind of employee succeeds and make adjustments to better align with its corporate values
Some of the most closed off people I have ever worked with.
There is an extreme lack of collaboration, management can be very impersonal, and you have to be comfortable in being managed by scorecards.
Food is paid. Head count is high.
Food is paid. Head count is high.
Great flexibility but demanding work load so better focus on work life balance
People are not very competitive. Salaries are typically on the lower side of market average. Work can become monotonous. Some idiots also get through so beware.
There is NO diversity of people whatsoever. They are very ethnic and different nationalities, however there is only one kind of "culturaly-fit" employee.
- Redmond / US centric. Core product work is mostly done in Redmond. - Very cumbersome and time consuming purchasing process. Hurts day to day job execution
Vendors - You might have vendors for administrative functions. One Microsoft - Don't believe in that. You might be escalated easily while working with different teams (other internal org, etc), and it would be used to terminate... Performance Management - Looks like crazy, but again you should have closer relation with your boss plus his boss. Otherwise prev point is applicable..
KPI's are becoming too much relevant
too Bureaucracy in the top management High pressure less time for family Company business direction not properly steered not easy to move upto the ladder
No cons noticed as Such
Well, really can't think right now.
global Company, timezone issue to work with global team
It can be quite difficult to move outside of your group.
Too much competition between teams and within the same team instead of cooperation. Working atmosphere is often tense and on survival mode rather than being relaxed with perspective of growth. The company is not able to retain the most skilled and qualified people due to low salary compared to other companies and to the few possibilities of internal growth. Too much politics and exchange of favors rather then meritocracy seriously affect the possibilities to grow and develop inside the company. Internal feedback system and related bonus policy are only top down making your direct manager your master, it might work if the middle management was top quality but it is not the case and politics rules. Employees are treated as numbers and not much interest from the middle management in keeping the best ones. Company is not able to retain the best resources as the best ones leave after a few years.
Political/friendship commections are taken more in cosideration for promotions than execution
IDC doesnt get any interesting projects, if it becomes too interesting then redmond center pulls it back
Micromanagement, Less trust on Employees work, Work life balance is very bad, Forget about your style of work, Night shifts
Work profile, erratic shifts, lack of learning opportunities
Salary is not very good and low increase. They only have yearly review and there is no exception for high performance staffs
never ending night Shifts, no transparency on how to get to day shift - some manage to do it due to rapport with managers while others suffer in darkness forever.  stress.  no prospects within company to move to better departments, India GTSC is a death trap.
Regional job requires a lot of night calls. A company who doesn't want to retain long service employees. Highly political environment.
Collaboration across teams a challenge
1. Though Microsoft is a great employer, Bangalore IDC is 5 yrs old but the unrest is never settled. 2. Bing Ads being the core component of IDC Bangalore, its importance is least among other products 3. Attrition is too high that you will keep seeing multiple 'Last Day' mails every week and this is a big set back for a Centre with 200 head count. 4. And a bunch of folks keep moving for US and leaving the division more weaker 5. We had multiple centre head but none of them sustained. Either they left the company or moved back to US 6. Bad Work-Life balance. Be ready to work 18 to 20 hours a day 7. Too many org changes with bangalore can de-promote you to lower levels
The differentiation between SDE and SDET is bad. It hinders the dev cycle. The triad of PM, Dev, Test is good, but can be improvised.
Not many things that I can think of right now.
Salary is low compared to living costs. Work is pretty boring and engineering processes are ancient - although they tend to change, but very slowly.
Needs hard work to get noted
small company have not to much name
they don't pay enough and send too many emails
Nothing I can complain about all around good company.
work on weekends sometimes as working with partners who are free only on weekends
There is no much cons really. There is no much cons really. There is no much cons really. There is no much cons really. There is no much cons really. There is no much cons really.
It is now really big and hard to make a meaningful impact. Not the best pay master but decent. Find the right role ... make the product or sell it.
You are made responsible for things you cannot control. Sometimes the weight of personal relationships overshadow professional performance and meritocracy becomes questionable.
Work at microsoft it is not that great or challenging.
canteen is not satisfied! fitness center is too small, not enough equipment.
less people every year, high pressure
Very centralised. outside US it is all about execution with strict guidelines.
In the most boring place on the planet (Reading) and PAINFULLY SLOW for young people
Less hike, less challenging work compared to similar experienced employees of other Indian IT companies, less opportunities to explore in Global Delivery.
Very busy all the time
Work with demanding customers High level of autonomy No one is responsible for your career except you. Bad for lazy ones, Traveling up to 30% of time
No comment on this portion, So far so good.
Work Life Balance is big problem, sometimes you need to travel a lot Business management metrics oriented The business rules change every day Products needs improvement
nothing is bad with the company
Very political and a lot of time and energy is spent on internal self promotion and managing upwards. The messages from corporate are not to be questioned, almost religious. Micro-management of employees has negative impact. Can be very hierarchical.
have not encountered any problems
For the same reason that it has been so profitable for decades, most of its employees are anchored in businesses, which are being disrupted. People are very aware of this, but not able to change it, having to continue milking the cow. This leaves a big part of the company operating as if one hand is tied behind your back, which means that even smart people will have trouble against more nimble competition. Regarding career opportunities, while there are plenty, you really must be willing to relocate to Redmond, so less promising if you are not.
it feels as though sometimes you have people managing you that are not experienced in the field. i wonder how they got the job in the first place?
your salary increasing very slowly, and during the first five years, you stock bonus is very poor
Challenges to implement the ONE Microsoft corporate culture, to enable higher synergies between different areas and functions.
Riddled with politics. Nice guys don't win, neither can they last. HR operates at a 30000 ft. level - no connect with employees. Career opportunities are zilch unless you oil your managers and his peers. CUlture of meritocracy doesn't prevail.
Very bureaucratic with lots of red tape
Large matrix organization therefore, a little complex
For the same reason that it has been so profitable for decades, most of its employees are anchored in businesses, which are being disrupted. People are very aware of this, but not able to change it, having to continue milking the cow. This leaves a big part of the company operating as if one hand is tied behind your back, which means that even smart people will have trouble against more nimble competition. Regarding career opportunities, while there are plenty, you really must be willing to relocate to Redmond, so less promising if you are not.
Many positions are contracted as "vendor" type, even thought the job is the same of a full-time employee. The only reason they do this is to mantain a certain headcount of formal "employees" which has a limit for each country. Vendors are treated a little bit different and of course have less benefits.
No good work - life balance Unclear strategy
Not always clear where the company is heading...
Leadership team. Scorecard metric focused, short term vision.
closed development culture, not agile since it is TOO BIG
Top down decisions. Frequent reorgs
Travel can be overwhelming time to time.
Culture is more process- than result-motivated.
Too much corporate pleasing, locally hard for leaders to take or encourage more business risks, to learn and apply. Political culture of not displeasing people and open negative feedback in fear of affecting your own performance and evaluation.
not that creative, the company is too large to make a change, it is not easy to change the team within the company
Being a Fortune 500 company, there is a lot of processes and periodical checkups. Very detailed oriented on reports.
Too big and hard to align goals internally
The food is not free.
Cut throat when it comes to company cutbacks.
- canteen was not good
Politics. Too big a company. Performance alone doesn't count.
Big company with requisite problems associated with moving large pieces of organizations forward, prides itself on hiring talented people and creating a challenging work environment, but surprisingly very little ongoing feedback about individual performance and direction.
Hierarchy, middle level management and out dated review system. Currently the review system has been changed but yet to see the significant impact of it.
Politics. Too big a company. Performance alone doesn't count.
Don't like discrimination between CS and FTE
To hierarchical with too many managers. Development processes can be a bit slow.
hard to talk with senior management team
Culture shifted to a very negative one which essentially pits peers against each other to earn 'ratings' in annual employee reviews which are tied to compensation. Can be an extremely toxic environment if you don't land with a supportive manager. Vanity Fair published an extremely accurate article several years ago that I recommend reading before deciding to accept a position.
It is difficult to move from one team to another or from one location to another.
1. Many teams have no clue on how to ship. 2. A lot of red tape in many teams 3. Many executives are empire builders. Very little idea of technology
Yearly shakeups/redundancies are worrying from a job security POV.
1. Many teams have no clue on how to ship. 2. A lot of red tape in many teams 3. Many executives are empire builders. Very little idea of technology
Slow on implementing processes changes Too tactical
Working environment can be socially not so friendly so need to reach out and connect constantly
Complex organization structure. Difficult to understand others' Roles & Responsibilities outside your team. Separated company policies for Microsoft Finland & Microsoft Mobile Finland making transferred ex-Nokians feel like 2nd class employees. Too many changes every 3 or 6 months which results in discontinuities and disruptions to the business operations. In addition, frequent changes make employees confused and frustrated. What you've done in half way today might become rubbish tomorrow.
Very hard to implement changes that impact team's efficiency.
1. Politics is rampant within upper management
Absolutely crazy way of treating people. No respect for individualism.
slow, unclear strategies, design is an option
Lots of reporting and processes....but probably not more than others.
If you join IDC,this is the best place to work.Otherwise, it is very unprofessional in handling employeees.Managers in GD are horrible and misguide people.Very had to get promoted
Poor experience with immediate manager, Limited or no support on employee's success.
Lots of reporting and processes....but probably not more than others.
too many movements, and diversifications at the end are different companies
I don't see Nothing on the concerns Nothing on the concerns
The office is a little bit too overcrowded.
politics! everyone.. they will find a way to get you out of the system no matter how good you are
wasn't too keen on management style. some were always breathing down your neck and micro-managing in order to make sales.
However they are restricted only to microsoft technologies.
Long working hours. Red tape.
Discrimination and Lack of respect with contractors
Company Culture steadily declining Majority of company is agency placed - a way to keep a person on contract for years without providing benefits Salary is not competitive
Internal tools could be more mature.
Everything is fine . I cant think any cons in microsoft.
need more time in each day
One need to be very technically sound to survive there.
To much process & time consuming to get the end results
Huge discrimination between full time employe and contractor
too low salary compare with google and apple
Less opportunity to grow, slow growth, preference to known groups during hiring process. Vendors and Partners in HR decide the fate of full time employee's career opportunities.
At times the work pressure may create worries but nothing serious.
Microsoft has many employees and people have very specific jobs and depending on the project you are working you will have to align with several stakeholders and it might take longer that you expect to achieve the definition you need.
Exposure to latest technology. Great team work and collaboration. Experience working with premier Microsoft customers. Word-class office facilities.
Late working night shifts. Less challanging
-Taking up new roles immensely depends on business needs more than the individual talent. This is common to most of the MNCs which have established market so shouldn't stop you from giving interview. -Many of the competitive technical roles in India region mostly serve US customers that means you will be bound to night shifts unless you are serving middle east asia / India customers.
- need to work on different levels and projects - typically long working hours
Bad travel policy of economy class travel, even to USA.
not the most customer oriented company out there. If you don't work in Redmond, you are a 2nd / 3rd class worker.
Too much corporate politics CEO and company lack vision after Bill Gates' "demise" from the company. Back biting and too much internal competition among employees
The YP program is not well planned, they have a lot of rotation due to the low salaries they pay, different positions in the program have the same salary but different responsibilities. Only 10% of the YP gets a job opportunity
A lot of work and meetings
Need to continue to reinvent themselves and not be so stale as a brand.
not the most customer oriented company out there. If you don't work in Redmond, you are a 2nd / 3rd class worker.
Too much corporate politics CEO and company lack vision after Bill Gates' "demise" from the company. Back biting and too much internal competition among employees
- In Ireland the teams are less dynamic - Working in a remote office isn't as good as HQ
* Huge organization, which makes everything move very slowly. Lot of Bureaucracy.
Very lean operationally, which impacts customer satisfaction
WLB, change, process, regional teams,
Business Process and reviews sometimes too onerous and time consuming Over analysis and use of data fo make decisions Can be very political between different teams and organisations
- Extremely poor management. Top managers often come from overseas on international assignments for a couple of years only, and all they care about is their bonuses and visibility in front of the HQ, - HR is the weakest function locally, acting as enforcer of top-down decisions from the management and not ready to hear any concerns or voices from the team, Zero investment into growing local talent and creating career opportunities and growth for local people, - Wide practice of stretch assignments, when employees get to do a lot of additional tasks, not necessarily related to their positions and without any additional pay, - Low salary and job security for vendors (70% of the local workforce). They are constantly discriminated against and perceived as disposable, - Lots of read tape - reports, permissions, etc.
Night shifts Less pay Complex process Confusing reimbursement policies and process New managers from other industry unable to follow same MS culture
Main team is in The U.S. and it's a bit isolate here in Dublin.
food benefits are low for the region where the company is based in Sao Paulo
Work life balance, role clarity, hr policies, compensation and to some extent the culture.
Projects require integrations with many systems
- Very large company, many layers - Many changes lately in the Mobile departments of the company - Should not only be a software first company, they have great hardware products!
Career oportunitty, Humar resource management, employee environment
Redmond centric, some positions need to be on call
Less pay as compared to other players like Google and Facebook
Too large and slow perfoming vision, late to embrace mobile world, platform company so not tangible execution and connected to end users.
huge organization. sometimes a lot of bureaucracy.
Too large and slow perfoming vision, late to embrace mobile world, platform company so not tangible execution and connected to end users.
MSIT projects and managers are not up to the mark, and you does not feel like challenging yourself.
They don't have time ta all.
With the new organization structure, it is hard to get a promotion
Bad work culture. People work selfishly and much too late. Not much work life balance owing to stiff competition. Also not much team outings and perks given from the management. Morale of the employee is usually down.
Not sufficient workforce to handle sheer volume of demand
Lot of negative and office politic in management and lot of bunch of incompetence management team.
No Cons, to be considered
low chance of becoming full time
As a Brookstreet employee I was belittled and bullied by my managers, it was really difficult to be taken seriously for roles directly with Microsoft
Microsoft IT India is lacking in terms of accountability and alignment with overall organization priorities
Hard to build carreer beyond certain levels.
Disconnect between team's and company's goal. First line managers need's improvement.
Large layoffs soon after on boarding was like a big joke, after the on boarding that was taken so seriously.
Compensation versus what is demanded is below the market Lots of management levels creates more layers of people which don't know how the business actually works but like to give new foolish ideas of how we should work There's lot of focus on keeping running costs down, which means technical suppport is loosing quality
Bureaucratic company, is too oriented to services and has low understanding of the hardware/devices business.
Local subs have lots of politics, work life balance is not good
Has become slightly middle management heavy
difficult to change career path, working hours can be too much sometimes, work is top notch most of the time but can also be average some other times and can get repetitive
You work around the clock. Hard to balance work-life.
People take time to accept when you are a new joinee.
Very difficult future transformation with new ceo
Less Salary and allowances, less exposure
Work life balance always a challenge. Company has been contracting and changing direction on a number of fronts that can make job tenure challenging. You earn a job, 1 job at a time and therefore not much support for your long term career and protection if there is a change in strategy. Hiring is very tight.
The company is trying to find its way to the top again, so sometimes the directions are quite confusing, which generates rework and misses opportunities.
No real cons, but I would have liked to be able to attend more talks from current employees to get a better feel for what else was going on in the lab.
at times too matrix in organogram
so many managers looking for the tiny value to raise their presence, pay is not that competitive against other company.
Not many cons. You are in the largest software company and therefore there are some conditions and terms in order to make the company work efficient.
Technology is still very cool. Get to use the latest, greatest MS Software
I did not have any cons to write.
Microsoft IT work is not to the standard.
culture is negative sometimes, a little bit of red tap.
Not enough opportunity to grow for lateral entrants
Management, too much hurry, not caring much about quality
No cons.Worked there for along time and no reason to leave.
Remote office. Doesn't have access to all the SMEs as it's US equivalent. Salaries in New Zealand don't really match the cost of living.
Competition for senior roles, hierarchy
Extremely political and bureaucratic. Need to be 'visible' to the senior management and team. Playing favorites and having fiefdoms makes working in and navigating the organization nearly impossible.
limited legacy projects, middle level careers saturated, long timers at senior level need encourage younger talent with more embrace
hard to move internally in the company
Stack ranking of 5% company wide each year, High workload,
It is very difficult to work with other areas
I don't have the bad pointo for my company.
Work life balance was not the best, timelines were not realistic, hard to gain access to other teams
Red tape and politics, not the place for young people. Microsoft as a whole is very good tech company but everything is different in Japan.
Bad Politics, dice situation, no respect of your follower
Will not get total ownership of a feature before 3-4 years. Some teams had to work on legacy code base. Base pay is less than it's competitors.
For some workaholic, some teams in Microsoft may make you feel too lazy. The culture here is work life balance. Sometimes we may have a lot of meetings discussing about small features.
trust seller, transparency to top management, reduced accountability as many decisions require 2-3 levels up agreement
Work life balance was not the best, timelines were not realistic, hard to gain access to other teams
Where do you begin? Management are too busy fire fighting and complaining about the meaningless elements of their roles, rather than better understanding the issues around the organisation.  All strategy is developed in the US, however the business struggles to understand there are different consumers across the world and different retailers other than Best Buy.  They are world recognised brands, but for the work it did pre-2010. It has fallen behind its competitors on all fronts. PS4 winning the latest console battle. Apple winning on the consumer space across all formats, as Windows, their device partners (Dell, Lenovo and Compaq) are too busy fighting each other, rather than fighting the bigger beast, and Nokia (Microsoft Mobile) is just so far behind its untrue.  The whole organisation is worrying too much about why consumers prefer other products than getting their products up to a level which can compete.  I cannot put into words how much of a painful and awful organisation this is.
Life and working balance is too much to the work side, employees cannot go 24 hours without sleeping.
No work-life balance, High employee turnover
Bad Management in Austria, is hard to be there.at 45+ , customer is not important most important is the own career and nothing else
Managers can manage badly & there's nothing in place to stop that. You can't be succesful without being known so you must manage your brand as well as do your job.
In Seattle for the 4 months of rain
- Managers, in general, has an old mindset with micro-management. They do almost everything except manage well people. They aren't people managers. - A rule created by a VP about fire 5% of employees every year as a way to 'refresh' company - Small mindset in term of goals to the future - HR thinks only in terms of be profitable and don't work to keep talents
Limited career advancement possibilities beyond the senior level. Poor work/life balance. (Though, better than other companies like Amazon.) Lots of bureaucracy. Lots of randomization in online services.
not fied place for satying
None that really come to mind.
head quoter is too far away.
Sr Management too unpredictable and short of inspiring leaders
Some teams are more modern and agile, some less. Too many re-orgs...
Too many meaningless meetings to make a decision that could have been made in 30 minutes. Too much efforts spent by the management team in internal politics
MACHs have to struggle with the traditional, hierarchical working style at MS.
Lot's of reorgs. Your job changes all the time. Sometimes hard to finish one project.
> Profit and Impact driven - focus is more on domain knowledge than on programming skills and coding standards. Good code is seldom appreciated > Too much QA work - since there is no test role, devs who write production code spend more time in testing than in development > Less inclined to open source technologies and primarily focused on MS tech - this is slowly changing now but there is a lot to improve
It is a large place to work so you need to be prepared to network and navigate.
New hired leaders are unfortunately disruptive rather than construtive via misuse of "hacking" mentality. Profitibility triupmhs over talents which they once called assets.
None I could spot here
there re no cons for this company..
huge pressure and huge targets
Big company, too much politics vs. core development time, low team spirit, almost no innovation in the DNA
Not great technical work, you might get rusty here, majority of migration work in services.
Not transparent goals of acquisition. Very poor information to acquired employees. They told me to look for a job in their website instead of suggesting a new placement in the company for me. It was pretty humiliating.
No work and no actual defined roles and responsibilities. Feels lost after working in this role.
There are no cons, unless you dont like customer service then this place is not for you
lots of politics, some products are bad, development cycle too long, Scorecard mania, people don't think anymore what the customer wants they are mostly concerned about having their scorecard green, too many top down metrics
Politics can crush creative minds
poor communication amongst management and staff
- not too many opportunity for learning.
huge company, difficult to navigate
Extreme corporate politics. Too much focus on "visibility" at the expense of actual impact. A lot of corporate fat means there are way too many people trying to justify their roles by creating documents, which means lots of meaningless meetings and templates that you have to fill out. Culture of "lowering the bar" during target setting in order to meet/exceed Scorecard targets.
Very rigid performance review system, hard to explain fairness within and between teams.
Lots of office politics,dirty games
Not a place for team players
Training for new launches is severely hampered by lack of resources
Politics and employee evaluation system
Lots of overhead built into a lot of processes. Difficult to get answers in a timely manner. Focus on measurement but not always measuring the right things for success.
No life balance , not compensated well
No cons as far I worked for 2 months as intern
like most large companies politics is everywhere. Microsoft Dubai however it is based on your race and your culture. if you are not part of the group, you are out. weak HR department terrible managers. they need training or to be removed. managers make a point of stepping on their teams to get to their next role and when there is a failure, your manager is the first to point fingers at you no accountability at microsoft. dubai still seen as a software company here to collect license money and nothing else. terrible sales teams and management. creative practices to when it comes to dealing with customers
1. The old timers are stuck in the old way of thinking. There is a lot of slack in the middle to upper management (Principal level). Most of them don't have their plate full when it comes to work. There is a sense of discomfort and insecurity impacting the work. 2. Every business unit behaves differently. Org culture is divided between being extremely agile to totally waterfall types.
Slow growth, US driven, management savy
Only focus on short term business
not so great work culture
Some meetings at night if working with teams in Seattle
Very demanding, so make very good use of your flexibility do Help balance work/life
To many accounts for AM's to manage well
Work Life Balance could be bad, depending on team. Long role as Individual Contributor due to 2 levels in each role. Largely Individual Contributor Career Path
I work for Microsoft India and it's lacking the innovation as compared to other orgs within the company. Typical indian senior management so one has to face a lot of politics when it comes to career growth,
Legacy code-base, demanding work, long project turnovers.
worklife balance, worklife balance, worklife balance,
Need to work on Work/Life Balance.
- Management bully and micro manage - Highly political and unfair to employees - Difficult to progress in career - Average pay
- You have to earn good work - Sometimes your work may not get that much of an attention.
I haven't seen any specific cons though. Depending on the region, the team etc, there could be room for improvement.
- Lack of clear direction from middle mgmt and leadership team. News cascaded down are usually late or over generalised, leaving it up to your own imagination/interpretation (because you are not high-level enough) to hear the real situation.  - Do not expect any kind mentorship on your own career growth. The middle mgmt managers are too caught up with their personal agenda and 'showing visibility' to their intended target audience trying secure their own jobs/ looking for next move. They have little interest in being mentors to their directs nor investing time to make their own team successful.  - Despite hiring all the highly qualified and skilled candidates, the management has little tolerance for alternative voice. The mid level managers generally expects 'Yes' man, no questions asked type of behaviour. They will also resort to petty and biased actions to get back at you for 'disobeying' them by giving you a negative testimonial/performance appraisal. period.  - The open secret is : How well you climb in this company is not truly dependant on your performance but how well you network and show your visibility to the right people. Quarter after quarter, it encourages people to form alliance to "scratch each other's back". Typically such alliance will come up with some random rubbish project that has no real impact to the business nor help to solve real customer issues. They use up a whole lot of resource from support teams to do all the dirty work for them and at the end of it, they get all the credits and praises for "leaning in"  - Many of the mid level managers are long timers ( >10 years) , they know the game so well hence they are too afraid to try or do anything different for fear of losing their jobs.  - Stack ranking. The performance review system is time consuming, a lengthy process and final evaluation is flawed & biased. Employees of the same BU & of the same ranks are pitted against each other. Only 10% will be the top performers and 20% will be average performers , leaving 70% of the entire crew falling into the lower trench. What's the point of making 70% of the crew feeling like they are failures in their job when they are not ?? Of course, MS have since embarked on new review system that is less time consuming but the methodology of grading the staff has not yet evolved - basically new skin but same crappy insides.
work a lot of hours need to learn new stuff on your free time
None. Basically because I abided by the company values and thus felt very comfortable.
Corporate is corporate, some things can be slow, but things are changing
- Shark managers - job insecurity
None really? I've yet to come across the cons
Extremely unsafe and political environment, fear of speaking the truth, high distrust between employees, too much of mimicking management leader's works and phrases, authority without influence, inability of managers to control rogue behaviors, bullies, lying, mud slinging. Self imposed incompetence, lack of ownership of decision making at team level. Pathetically poor decision making at management level, absurd criteria for decisions, eliminating capable candidates from key meetings etc... Not easy to get accustomed to the culture - "anyone who joins Microsoft (MSIT) his career starts after one year" is an arrogant saying with in the company.
Compensation plan is not the best around
Nothing except layoff's if that can be curbed.
No cons. Everything was perfect. A little far if you are from Toronto but you can also work from Toronto office occasionally
Management and HR is not care about you and your performance, highly corrupted environment...its not your technical skills or performance to survive in this company but its matters how good you are at buttering your boss...They is mental and physical harrasment for females, and if you escalate you lose your job..no legal action or even acknowledgement of issue from management . If you opt for internal transfer, you are treated as alien and external candidates are more preferred than retaining old employees who served for more than 6 years The saying holds true for MS - all that glitters is not Gold
Needs to increase the pay check for the employees
Needs to increase the pay check for the employees
my manager dont know how to manage people
hard to climb the corporate ladder because the company is too big but that's okay.
market share in devices in going down
No work life balance in work
local subsidiary become just execution engine, less authonomy
Bad leaders, too much politics
Poor work-life balance, sometimes happens to work isolated from the rest of the company (one-man-band).
Scorecard crazy. From top down, everything is scorecard driven. Forensic forecasting and pressure, almost daily. Constant internal 'fire-drills' that detract from client focused activities.
Management and their management anddoesn't always know what your role is or all the responsibilities.
Work life balance is often difficult, can be extremely stressful.
It's a challenge for me to compete with other competitors products.
- Cost cutting measures for a flatter organization - Forcing Leads/Managers to take IC positions - Having a structure not level adjusted to industry ..
big company usually suffers from inability to react to market in a agile mode, time to market need to be improved
big company and so much to do.. sometimes you can get lost Mentors not always are suited for the job and you might find yourself alone in the dark
Too many people and too little opportunities
Sometimes suffer from large company bureaucracy and slowness
Alot of wanna bees and career climbers
Complex office politics, alliances base on past experiences, who is the ceo will drive all their people in strategic position
Development opportunities are too much focused in US
Depending on the work pressure, sometime an individual needs to take up more than one project at a time. It happens sometime only which is totally fine as company also does lots of things for career development.
Sometimes, it can take a long time to accomplish things as there are too many people involved in decision making. Co-ordination between teams lacking can cause delays
Too political Technical leaders are mostly doing management not leadership
too much politics in mgmt
100% top down management, organizational change every year, no consideration for your own skills and experience
Feels like a big start up, still learning how to get all the components into alignment.
Some poor management people, work life balance a wish, but work load is against it
Product, Management, Support, Software, Marketing
Work in some teams may not suit your interests. Some teams are maintaining products, you may not like that.
no worklife balance, my boss was not suitable for management position.
no worklife balance, my boss was not suitable for management position.
Slower moving large company. Sometimes more focus on process/scorecard than on delivery. Marketing is very distributed across different functions within Microsoft with the actual Marketing and Operations department more focused on operations.
none, good company over all
Insane hours due to need to work with Redmond on telco all the time. if you have product job, then add China to the mix and you have no life.  Power shifting to Redmond. Lack of believe in strategy with regard to mobile. General resentment for senior management transitioned from Nokia. Many Sr management wanted to leave in last layoffs but process meant they faced no choice but to stay, or resign with no severance.
At times work becomes not so challenging - may be due to the project itself or due to the clerical tasks ( filling up forms etc ) involved in the work.
Very high and exhaustive work hours sometimes. Too much pressure and workload. The human resource management system is not responsible enough.
Bureaucratic processes Frequent reorganisations Late in competition
No cons to report whatsoever
Most of the company is based in Redmond, and if you're not there it's harder to get promotions or just to let your voice be heard
It's a company very demanding, you need be following the rithm to the business. Sometimes, It's hard to achieve a vertical promotions, there is very much internal competition.
it would take 2 days to decribe all the cons about this hell hole
The work became pretty boring after a while and they son't really provide opportunities to grow
Being away of my friends
many heavy procedures interns are often patronized
1. Food quality is not best but okey. 2. Less foreign opportunity .
Some divisions are good, while others are pretty ordinary. The middle management in some teams are not upto the mark. Lack of vision in the team that I worked for
Limited growth, the options to move laterally are scarce and very time consuming.
Small local empowerment, limited decisions allowed, lack of focus, always changing kpis and organisation. Very internally focused.
a lot gets decided in Seattle, fields office do not get to say strong politics going on Still somewhat of an image problem
Staf leasing contract are not so good
Staf leasing contract are not so good
Salary lack of competition. Support engineer is not a good career path actually, which has very few choice in the future. And the role is a 24*7 job, need to on call very frequently.
Movement across the organization, though claimed to be easy, does not always happen. Also, once you grow inside the organization, moving out becomes difficult
A very poor leader has had 8 direct reports wih combined 100 years of msft experience Underfunded business units with huge goals, rapid terminations
Poor people management. Lack of clear career progression. Broken talent retention program
- no respect to company that they bought, strictly adhering to a single way that SteveB widely advertised: "if the culture does not fit our business - we redistribute the company".  - hungry for business requirements, never respect the product quality and end user experience, always competing like crazy
None seen in 15 years.
work life balance and benefits not the best in the market
Some internal policies makes the company slow in giving quick answers to customers needs. and the new evaluation model have poor metrics and is too subjective.
Interesting leadership strategy and self protection of its members to the detriment of lower status employees. If we did or asked for what some did we would have been sacked Salaries 10-20% below market morn.
Some poor managers, not really working together as a single company yet and a bit slow as larger companies can be
The complicity of license. It's not easy for new employee to understand the license. And we have lots of works to do in order to meet the score card.
Lack of projects, interesting areas not so many
Still too much fat in the middle(management). Too many people "managing" and not enough doing actual work.
Software Company now focusing on Software services
Maybe the salary is not so satisfactory
High pressure Lack design appeal Boring Bad co-worker
now, became management company, managed by themselves
Hard to navigate networks. Lots of focus on Redmond based employees.
no down sides for this company
too far from dublin city
Some old habits and culture need to change. Leadership is consisting of all old souls and some fresh blood at top level can bring about the change that Satya has started.
The environment is very competitive
You need to be very resilient, willing to debate your ideas, and prepared to support your assertions with solid research.
so far I could not find any
They only sold Starbucks in the cafe!!
Work life balance, constantly changing landscape
The benefit isn't competitive among Internet companies.
Very few annual holidays. Low bonus for the past few years. Low job security as they were cutting employees due to realignment .
Nothing to write, No downsides
Challanges, Process, Many policies, WW cotetitors
Lots of technologies MS used are just for their own, not popular for other companies. Salary is not competitive. MS is not like the previous giant anymore. And the work/life balance in my team is very bad.
Like any big company, a communication skill is highly requirement to reach next level
Lot of bureaucracy stopping agility to go to market..
Nothing in my mind now, Overall everything is good.
It's very difficult to get promoted into other roles, simply because there are a lot of very good people who are very competitive. People Manager and Director roles are very sparse in Dublin and the 'fight' for them is horrendous. Before someone get become a people manager, he/she has to have led a team of vendors for a few years first even if it means to step down a few positions. This is a very stupid system.
Review system is very screwed. If ratings gets spoilt once it's hard to come out of that.
small work force, lesser flexibiity
Driven by a lot of scorecard metrics which causes all sorts of strange and irrational behaviours
You need to be patient to grow with individually.
Politics affect decision making and not business logic. At times I felt I had to work longer hours to make a career.
small impact on the overall company and low decision power, no bonuses
Salary is not that high!
Have to know which clique to align to, very political, big divide between vendors and FTEs in terms of pay
The hiring bar is not as high as before. I met some really clumsy engineers here. Also you don't have many serious projects here in China as a branch office, which might not be good for your career development.
Applying to other positions outside your country of residence is not easy, takes lots of time (you have to apply hundreds of time to the same role internally...) and you need contacts before doing that... sometimes I believe that is easier changing the company than trying to be relocated within Microsoft! Career opportunities depends on the country you are living, in Redmond there are lots of openings, but are not easy to get due to visa issues.
Distance from Headquarters. Recognition lacking. Depend on the organization.
Not much presence in many cities in India
Chance s to get promoted is very limited due to job nature
Company has no clear vision. If you are working in INDIA then praying Redmond counterpart on daily basis will keep your job Low on ethics Complete manager oriented
work/life balance, money, no company car
no comments about con for Microsoft
Not feeling like part of the team.
The commission structure is the worst in the industry. The requirement to hit 75% to hit 34% of your OTE still reflects the belief that we are dominant and not a challenger in the market. You will not earn your full OTE if you work in Public sector. This is due to a proportion of your commission linked to a cloud number. Cloud is still not adopted widely in this sector. This shows a lack of understanding or worse. So beware when total package is discussed
Internal reporting taqkes a lot of time, Manegement needs to engage more with the client, across many different roles. Very metric focused, but are they the right metrics for the company today? The ability to move quicky and adapt to changing market conditions needs to be more in evidence in the digital world.
lots of freebies ad ad
WLB can get screwed if you are bad at planning yourself. Agility, Uncertainity are expected as part of deliveries. So, must be prepared. Still manager-pet things happen once in a while - which turns up too bad for the deserving folks despite better talented.
It is generally hard to grow here, when your expectations are high in terms of technology relevance or people maturity.
The old guard is slow to adopt to new culture but they have no choice.
Too much politics... Lost focus... Too people centered (read manager)... No Transparency... Sinking Ship with many firings happening every other day....
less Innovative ideas than their competitors.
It gets busy in the high season. Sometimes it's difficult to convince clients of our product in opposition to Google's
culture, social side of work, commission structure
No share of knowledge from the begining
Delays in actions as it's big corp
Pressure, risk of negative work/life balance, more strategic than operational (on regional level at least)
1) Microsoft is driven by stock levels, i.e. 55,56,57, and so on. MSGD is treated as lowest stock levels it used to start at 55 but now it starts as 56, all other companies under Microsoft like IDC, MSIT starts from 58 or 59. So overall you are valued lower at MSGD. How it will impact you->You will not get stocks of Microsoft in your package. also it will be problem if you want to switch to other groups like MSIT or product Team.  2) Work Life balance is totally screwed here. As Microsoft their billing rates are very very high so to get projects they estimate very less so eventually dev team has to face that consequences and work day and night to complete project on time  3) All projects are driven by consultants here, there are project managers are there who works like assembly line supervisors and try to put every thing on dev leads and test leads. So if you are going to join as lead position then beware or project managers here. They are the reason why lot of people are leaving this organization. 4) You do not feel like "EMPLOYEE" working in MSGD you are just another RESOURCE.  5) On-site is very limited in most of the service lines. only one of the service line which is having high onsite. That service line is related to infra. So if your aspiration is for long term onsite then do not Join MSGD.  These all are true feedback not from any frustration or anything else. i can challenge anyone if any one say this is not correct.
none. I just can't find any
Little too big and many internal rules.
Legacy vendor compare with Google and Amazon.
Hikes are average not as lucrative as initially thought
Little too big and many internal rules.
Too many meetings Some form of bureaucracy Big company so things take time to change
Hard to navigate internal organizations to explore new job opportunities
Your work life entirely depends on your immediate manager. If you are lucky, you might get a good manager. Majority consider you as mere resource.
Attrition target in some departments is "hard coded", meaning that 5% of employees are to be actively managed to cause a "healthy" performance culture with new hires bringing in new ideas. This system may be useful for a year or 2, but at some stage you realize that you have to let go of people who are from an absolute perspective more than good enough. The system is based on the 5% bottom *relative* performance, and hence fully ignores the absolute performance of such employees.
Politics in some teams Canteen not that great
Projects are shuffled pretty often. Very competitive.
misaligned kpi's between teams makes it challenging to run cross-teaming projects
small company, stressful, work on weekends, no vacation, many working hours
there is nothing bad about this company
big ego managers and middle managers
Huge Competition, Sometimes you may not be very well rewarded
artificial stack ranking and forceful messaging based on it.
no onsite, underpaid, too deep management, lots of meetiings,
can be stressful at times
Lots of internal politics in some roles and locations, people in Europe can put minimum effort and still keep their good jobs and salaries General impression is that Redmond gives order and others need to execute on them no matter what. No consistency in levelling and pay across disciplines, different managers, teams.... It depends on your manager, time when you joined, how you negotiated... So some people have undeserved high levels while others have surprisingly low levels considering how much they contribute.
There is nothing negative about the company.
Stupid Office Politics at times
We don't have predictability of our agenda, so it's difficult to plan yourself.
Very flat structure, insider culture
You cannot learn so much things
with far too many people with ambiguous roles that don't add any value to the business... fire 50% of Microsoft employees and you'll still be left with far to many people. Go elsewhere if you want to get things done.
working with a small team in remote, it is kind of different from working locally. though there are still many opportunities to work on.
Strong budget restrictions and big targets and pressure on contribution margins that is slowing down innovation and adaptation to new market trends. Lack of mobility and slow process for promotions and lateral changes.
stress due to tight deadlines
Difficult to perform well, as there are many roles. Cooperation within the company is complex.
A lot of travel Slow career development
Hard to move quickly in terms of executing new strategies with all of the approvals needed by corp.
A very bad culture has been imposed in the last 4 to 5 years. Extremely focused on the scorecard and taking out of the picture in many cases to the customer. The new executives are task oriented and want people who execute instead of intelligent people with different approaches or visión. Many decisions are based on impacting the scorecard even if they damage the company image, future business or customer relationship.
IT company driven by process and data. Employees working hard for review and planning, hardly find time to do the real work
Too much work pressure sometimes
Honestly cant think of any cons for working here. Its a great and open environment.
Large organization, can get lost at times Difficult to switch within departments in India Difficult to transfer to Redmond from India
Work life balance can be a challenge. Seattle area traffic..
Even though they have great products and service, their selling and marketing motion has become conservative due to hard operation of unbelievable number of detail Scorecard.
none, unless and until we are updated nothing goes wrong..
We are working on a huge code base built with lots of out-of-date techs. Most of the senior guys are in Redmond which makes things worse.
Since it is a small company, I have to do a little bit of everything.
To much bureaucracy Poor team management
No innovation in this company
Compensation system, Quota attribution, work life balance
Only con would be when your position is outsourced.
Lot on internal politics. One should have very good networking skills to flourish well.
1. Work life balance is a question mark. Even without management demanding, peers work day and night. This causes peer pressure and jolt work life balance. 2. No place for fun. Hardly any team building. Expected to work and contribute from day 1. 3. Need to talk to multiple internal teams to understand stuff and that can get tiring at times.
Too many interns, lowering average proficiency.
not pay much!!! not pay much
In India as always politics is heavy, if you can sustain then great company to work.
Very much "DIY" culture. Many, many, many metrics to meet, reports to file, dashboards to fill in. As a salesperson, I experienced that the internal measurement was more important than the customer. Senior management locally in the AUS subsidiary needs a radical upgrade. Previous EPG lead was a bully who finally left the company in SEPT 2014. More of the sr. mgt team - who are cronies of the AUS MD - need to be replaced by experienced professionals. Untalented people are constantly promoted due to tenure - oftentimes, MSFT has been the only place they've worked in the past 15 years. This sustains the internally focused mentality.
Long decision making processes which makes it difficult to put through your initiatives. As they are focused on professional development the process for this can be time consuming although very much appreciated within the company.
Politics needs to be cleaned up especially in the middle management Innovation needs to be cultivated
Pathetic politics. Managers just use their engineers with sweet words and while giving hike & visibility, they give it to those who keep their managers happy (even if they do not work at all) There is no limit to the workload. Engineers are expected to work for more than 12-13 hrs a day. After all this they ask what did the engineer do for the company apart from taking cases.
Payment to entry level software engineers is not too good
Trouble getting open positions for Lower levels in Brazil if you are a vendor, they take a long time to make you an fte
Constant reshuffles, constant pressure, landing up in jobs that are not what you wanted to do as a result of reshuffles.
Relatively high level of bureaucracy, a lot of office politics and confrontations between departments.
Workload might be a little heavy
very tight competition as all employers are technically very strong
higly hierarchical and burocratical that confront the innovation vs the money making process
very difficult to get employed and sometimes boss can be rude people are kind but of different cultures
Con: Managers are really bad, they play poor politics, even the peers play it just the environment is made competitive. Top Management should do something about this to avoid such frustrating situations. Rating should be done based on the Utilization and deliverables and customer feedback. First of all manager are like GOD, they have all power to screw a person or help a person. Not Democratic. Very much Biased
Complicated 3D structure, 5 people doing the same and 6th really benefiting to company's business
Something wrong and even strange on mid-management level. Company looks like Collector-agancy hunting for revenue quota by quota. Long term projects and commitments fully damaged due to revenue rush.
need to work harder no time for ownself
Very bad treatment of non-permanent employees. There are hundreds of such employees in Munich alone who do not give their opinions in any "Best Places to work" surveys. This is a new trick that companies employee to avoid responsibility of hiring a permanent employee and remain flexible with layoffs.  The non-permanent staff are called just as 'Temps' or 'Vendors'. They have no rights, if a Manager is abusive towards them there is no protection for them except to leave the company.  Temps are openly discriminated, in every email that is about any small benefits like buying company smartphone/tablet or purchasing softwares internally or going to off campus dinner, at the end of email is written "FTEs Only".  Even it can happen, they would invite everybody to an all hands at an offsite and everybody books travel and just before the event, the "Temps" would be told, they are not allowed to go because of "budget constraints" or "policy issues".  There have been people working as "Temps" like 8 or 10 years and layed off with a single sentence.  Aside from non-permanent employees, the environment for FTEs is apparently very good but when it comes to promotions, only good at making connections to with the higher management get promoted. There are people at very high positions like who dont even have a University degree, they are there because they know how to be friends with important people.
Always recruiting from the outside with no internal promotion. Not enough practicality on the retail side.
If you want to build carrer within the company you must be extremely proactive and pushing what can contravene with persons mentality. That's why very often not the smartest and most skilled people are recognized and promoted but the most visible ones.
the management system isn't good enough. At leat, I didn't feel it matches to MICROSOFT.
muti-level culture, tight schedule, pyramided structural
There is a lot of people working for them
the management system isn't good enough. At leat, I didn't feel it matches to MICROSOFT.
The company operates in laa-laa land. Doesn't listen to customer or consumer trends at all. People take the work so seriously but there's little impact you can make, provided you're not totally useless. It's all about the metrics and nothing else. A hush culture for sexual harassment case whilst I was there. So political it's hilarious. No one is promoted of merit or capability just those who network the best and sound their own trumpet. Zzz
Depends on the team Might get stuck in outdated legacy code
- Bloated processes and time wasting: I would say that, on average, every Microsoft employee probably waste at least one hour a day due to unnecessarily complicated processes or bloated reporting systems.  - Unreasonably difficult career planning: In recent years, the HR department has been trying to put in procedures to limit nepotism in hiring and promotion. They have been unsuccessful, but instead they have made it impossible for graduates, interns and student workers to career plan. Most of my peers in other companies have career plans. I don’t even know if I’m still at Microsoft in three months. I've seen incredibly talented young people leave Microsoft simply due to uncertainty and lack of career planning. They now work for Microsofts competitors..
There is no clear career path, no room to grow in the future.
It became too bearocratic and people at corp think they know all, and they don't
Salary is decent. Not as high as other companies.
The internal process can drive you to craziness. Microsoft has lots of internal process, most of then is a useless time utilization. The internal bureaucracy can occupy your time to much and impact in your daily base work, forcing you to spend more time to achieve your goals.
No HR management, very agressive environment, not a people oriented organization
- a lot of work to do - high expectations
slow moving in some areas
not good for career opportunity
biz future is still cloudy as a breakthrough is needed
There are just too many lifers in the company who are really behind the curve in terms of innovation & fresh thinking. At times, it felt like the civil service where you clock in, put in your time & if you keep you nose clean and schmooze the right people- you'll move up. I hate to say it but I had some of the most incompetent managers of my career in MS. Not bad people, just unconsciously incompetent.Yet they are the people reviewing you and putting you on that slow train to nowhere from a career development point of view. This just exacerbates the trend towards settling into a role with comfortable pay & benefits, keep everything stead as she goes whilst competitors eat your lunch. Training & development are below par. And for a tech company, some of the internal systems & processes were beyond bad. Internal comms within larger teams is awful. People seem to hold onto information as some sort of ego stroking status symbol yet there is never any accountability for this behaviour.
Work life balance is not good. Projects are run with a very tight deadline. Almost always are on critical path
impact behavior required always and challenging when feeling confortable
slow work pace no team bonding relatively less pay
Rating system is not up to the mark, few managers are not having guts to take risk change ratings..mostly they prefer to keep last ratings only..  once you are below 3, then will never let you grow again and slowly make you quit the company...If you are good with your manager then everything would be good with you...or else life will be hell
There is a natural bias to Redmond as the focus for all activities. Most interesting stuff is located there and it's hard to get attention/recognition for work outside. Outside of Redmond, career opportunities in engineering are thin on the ground - people seem to settle into jobs and not move so it feels a little stagnant.  Historically, there has been competition and nastiness between groups. As I reflect on many amazing Microsoft stories, too many involve gratuitous nastiness or non-co-operation rather than building on each other.  There is a One Microsoft initiative that in theory is great and encourages teams to build on each other, but it seems unevenly deployed and you can't tell who is with the program and who isn't. At this stage it seems 50% chance of having a good One Microsoft experience.
Supposedly streamlined processes but due to the scale of the system it really can be a pain to get things done efficiently - perhaps too streamlined sometimes. It could be unclear at times to know who can help with what.
Supposedly streamlined processes but due to the scale of the system it really can be a pain to get things done efficiently - perhaps too streamlined sometimes. It could be unclear at times to know who can help with what.
Cant think of as of now
Quality of work depends on you team. It can vary from very awesome to very bad
Many senior Corp OEM management were in wrong positions, made decisions affecting the workforce and then had to be moved on. Big mistake in a great company.Loosing some very talented and knowledgeable people
need software skills otherwise it would be difficult
none best company to work with
the company is very segmented and the communication is very hard between them. This makes very hard to change between segments and to have a complete view of the company.
Bad project, I mean, to work on a project which is not promising like Windows Live Messager, is not a happy thing.
Too big so be dligent when handling people
american company culture is not as family-friendly as the scandinavian model
* Processes are often completely disconnected from reality, * Too much internal competition, little collaboration among groups (often even within groups), * Review process can be confusing, and focuses on very often non-measurable criteria, * Way too many managers, managers often have little to no understanding of the business.
But hardly keep a least work & life balane / Too matrixed organizations with different scorecards / Rigid and centralized ROB without zero flexibility / ginormous firm so sometime bureautic process with lots of red tape - it hinders for being creative and thinking out of the box.
All OK as expect to WW company
american company culture is not as family-friendly as the scandinavian model
-Testers (SDETs) used to be second class citizens. Less so in the UK. -Management (Ballmer) seemed to be clueless in terms of leading the company. Stock stayed flat for a decade.
Bureaucracy, bureaucracy, bureaucracy...lack of communication between different BUs of the org. I believe it is improving but long way ahead..
Too much of bug fixing work. No actual dev work.
Nothing to mention all good happend
no cons...i love to work with computers
poor Job Stability as company is going through re-org.
Poor work life balance depending on the team. Lots of office politics.
Still "rock-star" culture, where vocal / connected people take clear advantage (sometimes over the work of more skilled but less loud colleagues). Little team collaboration, Still "bubble" culture: whatever exists or you have done outside MS doesn't mean anything, "Old thinking" in most senior/leads, with practices and methods that have been scrapped more than a decade ago (e.g. waterfall, lots of planning and documentation), Too many managers, many outdated (above), others totally clueless about the skills for their work (e.g. test leads that don't know unit tests and CI). Little autonomy for individual contributors (every single technical decision must go through managers)
Cannot work long. Organizational change.
Promotions are time consuming if you are not the top notch guy. Time flies while working in this company.
Bureaucracy, Managers victimize sometimes, external training lacking
if you cant learn things by yourself then issue
It's v difficult to get promotions, salary increases, you coudl work for years and get 1% annual rise despite meeting all and exceeding some expectations.
Compensation in salary could have been better.
Nothing is bad there everything is excellent
A little bit of bureaucracy
Politics, favouritism, bad managers, lack of integrity and values, the review curve... yes they changed their review system.. but the curve is still there...
work life balance is a bit of a problem, sometimes you will have to stretch a lot to meet the deadlines
The work is not less technical
No Opportunity To Join After Great Performance
I don't like the office politics. Some of the senior management team members are far more interested in politics than practical work.
Compensation, Perks, PPO procedure, Management levels add red tape.
Nothing that I can think of
personal growth slight slow, management outlook
Life balance Salary only competitive for certain positions Be careful with the level they bring you in: It will determine your future
workforce reduction and performance management of people is out of control. Managing out since4-5 years about 40% of people
Lot of work and no play Work like balance.
Salary Despite record profits, year over year cuts to overall compensation. Going the way of IBM Record quarter, yet we lost our internet subsidy (mobile workers). Christmas party? What Christmas party? At a snookers club? Record high delivery margin in the services business - yet continual need to cut costs. Citing work life balance as a reason to work from home. "Doing more with less" - why? Corporate speak like no one's business Cutting training substantially, again citing every reason except with reducing costs. Stop saying people are your #1 asset when you care less every year
Perception are deep rooted. Need to manage up well. Good for Type A personalities. Few groups - Not much to learn. Internal mobility - practically difficult
Total lack of organisational skills
There is always peer pressure in spite of the fact there is no stack ranking system Ambiguity around changing roles and responsibilities Much better visibility and transparency of you work in Redmond office A lot is manager driven You will need to drive your Career
not all teams do good work. most teams have no apatite for risk
Its very huge company and sometime the middle layers tend to slow things down.
Only opportunities are in sales and marketing
The culture was very backstabbing. There are some great people some who I still keeping touch with but you have to try very hard to not get sucked into the hyper competitive ugly side that years of stack ranking and culling has driven.
Inconsistent processes will misguide employees
Quotas and performance metrics come down hard into the subsidiaries and creates unnecessary strain. Management is stressed and becomes a unhappy workplace.
First thing to know is that I've never worked so hard or been so busy as in Microsoft as there are so few people so be prepared to work evenings and weekends. If you work in sales and want to earn commission Microsoft isn't the place to be, targets are based on renewing Enterprise Agreements which dwarf's new business sold so if a customer doesn't renew your year is over, if you do any new business it's a tiny percentage of your achievement compared to a renewal so you carry massive risk with very little ability to achieve or over achieve. An example would be that since I've joined 4 years ago I believe 90% of product rep's have left and around 50% of account managers all due to not being able to earn commission.
- crazy working hours - travel
Training is as required basis, flexible, work life balance can be better
Very Poor and "BIG-HEADED" mid-managers Very Political managers and sneaky characters (Overheads) [SOME] Managers & Mid-managers -> Spoils the attitude of the company and Protect their interest with the expense of other sub-ordinates Some rudimentary process with NO-LOGICS
Waiting for the good news...
Most of the junior to mid level employees are contract staff with yearly renewal. Not good if you are looking for job security.
Too much politics within the company. You need to be very good with networking to work your way up inside the company. Too much politics within the company. You need to be very good with networking to work your way up inside the company.
1. Sometimes the work we do becomes monotonous. We need to take care of same (discussing with manager about the RnR) 2. Changing roles is still bit difficult.
Very busy and hard to be work-life balance, bad compensation for contracted staffs
a lot of people with crossed responsibilities, autocracy a bit, a lot of internal planning and meetings due to heavy number of managers
Too much pressure on targets
Learning about new products and development
Strict Organization with strict policy when it comes to Tenders
Very busy and hard to be work-life balance
It is not related to any product. Only working on the research problems. It is hard to improve the coding skills.
very corporate, very geeky culture
Salary is not very high to be attractive
burocreacy, old fashioned, old people, status quo
small client facing (revenue creating) people ratio, tons of mid management and "reviewers" who bother:( unreasonable overhead and pressure created by CEE people quarterly based targets+management that doesn't last long = lack of long term projects and visions poor leadership
Office Vulture is pathetic specially for lateral hires. No one wants to learn from other. Every department is re-inventing wheel. No good/bad practice sharing. Decisions/processes made/change without looking at good/bad experiences of people working on ground. Copy cat mentality. Senior management always talks about changes as competitors are doing instead of innovation.
Changes in Redmond are not reflected at all in the field. Huge administration and very few capabilities to innovate at the sales level
Unstable job. More work and work life balance is very difficult.
Stress and targets. Important to keep right work-life balance
Salary is below industry average
constant changes in strategy impredictability disregard for consumers
Too much work pressure in the office
need to survive the politics. complex organization
the salaries of Chinese employee who works in Beijing is lower than employee who works in US so much, especially for vendor staff.
Difficualt to get exposure. Compensation needs to be revisited variable structure is not cleared Stock level is not clear.
Overly metric and scorecard focussed rather than focussing on the "why" we do things Lack of career opportunities in Australian subsidiary (unless you are mobile to go offshore) Money is very tightly controlled - not a lot of funds for morale etc and it sucks having to fly to the US in economy class Managers don't spend much time focussing on your career - its every man for himself
The tech used is kind of stale Lack of management transparency The pace is kind of slow
Career development opportunities are good but could be better. The day to day technology use may not be satisfying for people looking forward to work in cutting edge stuff. Sometimes the progress feels slow due to politics of a big company.
a great man said that bureaucracy as a pace where as when work is considered done when you put it in someone else's plate. Nothing describes it better :) for microsoft Perks are coming down.
Some kind of politics in the work environment
People are focusing on kissing up but not the products. To verifiy this, look at IE, Bing, Surface, Winphone and MSN.
none, as everything is good here so be on yours work thats it.
Constant change in the company
We need a good direction going forward, sometimes I don't know how much value does my work hold. More recognition needed
low upward mobility for young people in business division
Shift made to become more sales focused,
there are no cons as such
Need to be more transparent. Some HR policies are just for name sake. Need more transparency there.
Work Life balance, Time off Policies
No cabins for ICs in India, other countries everyone has a cabin, or noone does
There are no cons i could see
- New management - don't know much about the historical sales, loading unreasonable quota and poor balanced of accounts assignment. - Senior sales gets lower quota, but better accounts set. And those with strong buying power verticals, get lower quota. - You do your homework of which account to get, but management with favouritism, gives to other sales rep! - Too much administrative work. Too many meetings. No time to do your work, but who cares, you still need to meet your target. - No promotion. No increment! While company is making huge profit. Money goes to...you know i know. - You must be outspoken, well-known, else you are stuck! Those shy, low-profile, introvert, don't think of joining this company, just the thoughts. - Too many trainings, but not useful. Waste of time.
People may feel stagnated. Experince depends on manager
Lots and lots of challenges. 1. No job security at all. 2. Work culture is poor. 3. The work is NOT satisfactory. 4. Worst management.
Very poor EQ in some management, poor team work, people are after their own interest. Stack-ranking system was "discontinued" opening, but still there behind doors. Not a whole lot of collaboration spirit in general.
Very poor EQ in some management, poor team work, people are after their own interest. Stack-ranking system was "discontinued" opening, but still there behind doors. Not a whole lot of collaboration spirit in general.
Middle level management don't listen to employees Work gets assigned without considering the employee opinion Avoid AppEx A.k.a AMP A.k.a ICE group
None found in my time there
great benefits selection. probably one of the best in the industry. However i think the great work life balance and benefits selection can sometimes mask very slow career progression opportunities
Too much of work pressure. Will be loaded with work. No onsite opportunities as such.
No good hikes corporate environment promotions are not based on work
Compensation is not outstanding compared to other younger and hotter companies.
politics is a killer in the indian space
As with any other large organisation, it is difficult to find out who have roles and responsibilities for what. It can make it difficult to get job done, and it seems to frustrate a lot of people. It can seem to be very US-centric.
More room for innovation needed. Sometimes the view of the world is too narrow focused on Microsoft and forgets the world interoperating with the products.
If you are in a satellite location as the UK, the US team will unfortunately make decisions that are not being communicated to the UK team. A project you have been working on might just be transferred to the US without upper management in the US involving the UK team at all. There is hardly any appreciation for hard work or any rewards coming from the upper management in the US. This is a very demotivating. Achievements are hardly recognized. The only goal is to centralize everything in the US. The UK is just a side step that doesn't seem to be important enough. Very unfortunate!
Too many rules, cannot push your software fast
Requires good relationship with manager to succeed and prevent feeling isolated.
Policies that slow you down, Old mindset from many of the leaders, legacy customers that aren't ready for Microsoft's new vision of productivity, mobile and the cloud. With such a large company it really depends where you work. There is some great forward thinking and laid back areas while other departments like MCS (Consulting) is still very much traditional and resisting change. Great place to start your career.
- As a big company it is not always clear who is doing and what. So if you want to get things done, issues fixed, it might take few attempts to find the right path and the right people.
* it's a seat-keeping culture. meaning that people are "working" there to keep the good salary/benefits forever, and not to deliver a good product or some value for the company. that may make you very angry if you're a delivery oriented fast paced developer. but there's no point in arguing or "escalating". because you'll most likely to escalate the issue to somebody who's also "keeping the seat", and they will most likely get rid of you rather than break their nice and safe environment * if you're outside of Redmond campus, it'd hard to find somebody from the interesting team with whom you can talk face-2-face, because almost everything about development is in Redmond. outside are mostly only Sales, Evangelists and minor development, which flows into Redmond slowly anyway.
Work-life balance, career progression outside of Ukraine is limited.
Flexibility while choosing next roles could have been a little better
perhaps too easy to get comfortable.
have to fit in to an existing framework, cause there are big dependency between what you do and what your fellows do.
oversea communication is not efficient.
Very tough to move internally at the stage the company is going through - reductions of 22,000 employees worldwide and a complicate business transformation. Very complex structure and internal processes that need to be simplified.
difficult to navigate career opportunities
Nothing that strikes me, things are little different when compared to US work culture and India work culture
The company is behind its competitors on innovation, and even knowing that the change into services and devices is on its way, the software BU still provides the most revenue - and gets the most attention. Work-life balancing is also not as easy to achieve, as deadlines are tight and communication may be a bit overwhelming.
Coming from an acquisition (Yammer), it has been a shock to discover the pointless number of management layers, reporting tools, metrics and other dashboards which are taking employees away from their passion to technology. The email communication culture, the inability to get rid of bad managers and overall lack of commitment and ownership is making it hard every day to find some passion. Almost impossible to move internally from a division to another due to very conservative and zero-risk approach from managers.
too much legacy to follow, many technology related things depend on the team you are working in and also the project.
Over the years Microsoft has lost it's way in terms of strategic direction. For many, the company has layered on too much process and too many metrics.
Lack of accountability , no clear rules & responsibility
very demanding company with tight processes and objectives to achieve
nothing really. no issues to comment
The culture needs to improve as it has come from many years bad inter-group relations. There are very strong winds blowing that try to change this, but moving this big mammoth is really hard.
dysfunctional, it is not run like other multi nationals, too much politics and Politian's, getting by in the name
the company is too large and the decisions need to involve a lot of groups
No cons really! Just have to be aware that you have to give in your best to stand out amongst the smartest people! :)
Need to spend more on marketing
Culture centered in Redmond, WA
complexity, quantity over quality, gold platting, do more than what in JobDesc scope,Poor management and leadership skills in the product group organization - kissing up - kicking down management mentality
* High performance standards puts a lot of pressure on individuals. * More onus on individuals to highlight the work. * Too many tools used - Requirements management, Code coverage etc, even for simple projects. * Too much focus on selling Microsoft products and not caring enough for the customer needs. * Firing employees based on short-term HR needs.
Growth is slow compared to other companies.
Growth is slow compared to other companies.
you must work to create visibility. You need to be smart to show case your work. your job is always stake every year due to performance management system.
the compensation is less than those new start-ups, the technologies here are somewhat out-dated, it's not internet oriented, in general it's slow traditional software giant,
In order to get promotion employees need to show off a lot
chilled not commnicative enhanced poor
Office culture is changing, low benefits
lots of administration work and limitations
Slow decision making So many managers, stakeholders to deal with
Work-life balance is terrible. Microsoft eats up all your energy. The bar is raised very high. You have to give all you get to make it happen. The impact on the familly is not ideal. Once people stay to long at Microsoft they tend to loose touch with reality. It's all about the Microsoft way and no longer about how customers think.
stop learning and promotions after some years
I had a very positive experience and no cons
Don't expect anything to be handed to you
Short term (fiscal year) view
It is very easy to spend too many hours on doing task and later on realizing that is not priority next year. I believe quite a few of the large company face similar situation.
there are too many re-org changes recently, and lots of people affected, you should be lucky enough so that not affected.
Job Security, no good projects, Management tooo bad.
Too much red tape, easy to plateau if you don't take care of your career
It's a big company, and thus a country of it's own (several, actually, if you consider how diverse the Microsoft universe is with units from XBox through Windows and Office to Mobile Devices). Despite the One Microsoft initiative, in practical terms, it's still quite siloed, and with a lot of management/bureaucracy overhead, the defining factor being how well can your manager shield you from it.
Confused poor quality senior leadership. Lack of strategy and direction especially across product groups. Still a very entrenched old-school mentality so unless you learn how to play in this arena you will not fit in. You have to fit in first and change from within.
- Too many contractors (vendors) - Hard to switch to FTE - Not treated fairly - No career path
Management has no vision, they don't act like a technology company, huge tier of unwanted reporting peple eating company reveiew.
Management – some of the worst management I have experienced in my 20 of selling IT. In the 6 years I spent at Microsoft I had 5 managers. Management rarely listens to their employees.
Everything is good, work life balance.
Too many level of management, people looks all senior people but less execution hands on
Since there are smart people all around , Management is also smart, they can prove your stack ranking anywhere they put you.
Sometimes people act differently. Sometimes your manager gets to decide what should worn on rather giving a choice among the undone work(This depends on the team actually)
Lot and frequent changes in management
Too much politics and procedures.
previous leadership, culture, market appreciation
Busy catching up with other companies instead of focusing on innovating new products.
previous leadership, culture, market appreciation
Too much politics, very competitive
Out of control. You are forced to cheat in order to deliver the numbers. Politics.
- company culture and values were superficial by most higher management
Not quick to fire anybody even when they ate horrible at their job.
None in particular, Always felt great about this company.
-Company's policy on FTs and Non-FTs
Constant Churn in the past few years is makes it challenging for employee and their career paths
some colleagues do not have require skill set for their own role
Highly political environment. Teams do not cooperate with each other. Spineless leadership that cannot get things done from redmond/bellvue for products to succeed. They have no say in product strategy. Dumping ground for dying products and their maintenance. In general the quality of work is pretty bad. Work is invented and features are done for the heck of it. Functionality demanded or desperately needed by users takes a back seat. Do not expect to learn any MS technologies as you will be fire fighting from one crisis to another. In between there will be new projects which you will ramp up on or transition old work to china. Frequent project and manager changes is the norm. You will not rewarded for hard work, skills or delivery of results only for "Impact" and "Visibility" as determined by leadership. Career prospects are poor here. If you are in display ads then work life balance will go for a toss and do expect any appreciation for the effort you put in.  If you are developer be prepared to test and do ops work since combined engineering is used here. One has to be extremely good in juggling multiple things. Program manager role has got diluted.  The viability of this center remains in doubt.
- Stability is a concern - Every new CEO brings in LOADS of changes and at times you get caught in the changes - will be difficult to work anywhere else after working there - Having enough technical knowledge is not enough. You need to play your cards right.
Sometimes we don´t know how to prioritize
- Change could be at a faster pace - Management Politics - Sometimes overlooking the hardworkers
politics. lack of vision. management not consistent: lots of changes and no clear view. Company is becoming too big and not necessarily more agile/innovative No work life balance
Some middle management may not be in align with your career aspirations, such cases it will be a problem for the employee. Work life balance in some teams is not good.
- Lot of Manager like ( for 1 Developer - 4 Manager) - Overall in whole year if u do one mistake, ur review is screwed - Overall in all projects worked in year, if any 1 dev lead or Proj Mgr give bad comment, you are screwed - Projects are all small size like 2 weeks to 6 weeks - Lot of gyan on Work Life Balance, while none are implemented - Hike is very bad compared to other companies ( this is only for GD specific, IDC pays well, MSIT is ok kind of) - Depends on which Resource manager you are working with, few are very gud and few very bad also. - Gud only for initial 2years of joining, if u are not superstar within 2 years , simply resign - For new joinees - if the offer is having less hike in Base pay and more of variable , simply dont accept - reject it (experienced suggestion) - there are no ratings now, while still as undercover they maintain rating - rather than technical , if your communication is gud - u have better future ( like saying dynamic lies to customer and covering up nicely)
Senior Management are excellent, some are not Too long in company and believe their own hype  Don,t understand the current market environment or listen to those who do Don't walk the talk
Dealing with Corporate & GEO folks Managing time to work flexibility & deliver positive results Learning how to work in teams with Smart People with Great Ideas Identifying the Big Bets
Not much learning. Being Microsoft's internal IT support organization, there is very little scope of doing ground breaking work.
Company has moved from bad leadership to no leadership. SN is not a good leader after all, 6 months into his reign.
Company has moved from bad leadership to no leadership. SN is not a good leader after all, 6 months into his reign.
The micro - managing is extreme at these stores. They are poorly run, poorly managed and it seems they are set up for failure. The workload that an average employee is responsible for is by no way compensated in their wages. One of the worst places I have worked. It's a popularity contest if you want to grow in the company not at all based on merit or seniority. They rarely hire internally and offer no incentive to work hard. The culture is also juvenile at best. Just poor.
Corporate values diminished in later end of the decade, 'curve' grading process eliminated great employees
Work life balance & career growth
Never be negative with anyone especially your manager. Whatever manager says accept. Your career is in Manager's hand. One can survive by doing crapy things (like vendor management), less technical knowledge but never be negative to anyone (manager, colleagues etc). Whether you like it or not always say yes.  Dont join in MSIT. Politics, Politics, Plotics
Stagnancy in career path, getting comforatble
Growth opportunities less as the company is stagnant
Microsoft software, completely useless people in leading roles, Microsoft lifestyle in a bubble of Microsoft products, ignoring the rest of the tech world
Corporate Hierarchy is Political and has babudom and mathateko culture. However, on a high note there is big cons, employees hired here are made to feel good about themselves.
tedious working hours at times.
extremely slow moving, layers of fat accumulated over years, red tapism, beaurocracy, chasing the tail light, low quotient of innovation
Flexible hours means longer working hours as you tend to check emails all the time, compensation started to deteriorate over time with share award getting lesser and lesser, review system generally killed the original culture of being great place to work, and turn everyone into politicking animals, promoting the wrong people to managers,
- too much pressure and no life - work balance
work is not interesting. Not using recent technologies.
all is best here. Company is big so, less exposure on core technologies than my earlier company.
Lower and Middle management doesn't understand or have long term view of the products. High dependency of direction from Redmond.
autonomy of local subsidiary changes a lot, subject to top down decisions from the headquarter, great local people are replaced by yes-man from corp.
Redmond centric, subsidiaries tend to get prefabricated corporate solutions, lack of flexibility and local decision making, regional hubs tend to be a burden.
Company is huge and takes a lot of time to act on opportunities (but changing) Undervalules employees compared to redmond since there is a huge currancy difference and market prices are very low
If you really want to grow here you would need to be co-operative with all managers. Should never be negative about anyone, the system, colleagues or managers
If you really want to grow here you would need to be co-operative with all managers. Should never be negative about anyone, the system, colleagues or managers
Bureaucracy, Risk Aversion, Territorial Management
politics, politics, politics, politics, politics
HR was very junior and not professional on so many levels. Very political environment & witnessed terrible attitudes towards interns. Some leaders were only scorecard driven & only wanted to achieve their numbers, even if it was against policy rules.
Organization structure being revamped but still there is a tendency to stick with the old ways. Too many people managers, company can definitely do better by making them as ICs. Getting buy-in from everyone can take a long time.
Too much amphasize on ppt and news letter
Work Life benefits can be some times screwed up, but you can control it yourself most of the times by talking to your manager
Recently a lot of changes have been happening and you might find it difficult to adjust with it.
still in early stages of transformation to devices and services, where we are in better stage with service offering, we have a big portfolio of service, and offer on one step away of being the world wide best service in couple only and the best in the rest.  in devices area we in the tails of leader we long way to go, with our shipment number related to competitors
The engineering culture are stupid. Microsoft has the most ineffective tools I ever known. Most of the tools far are more trouble than they worth. Almost for everyone in the 30-engineers team,the projects are completely meaningless. Long time exposure to them will only make an engineer more stupid. My dev lead was an middle aged loser who religiously follow old technology from companies SAP. He had been constantly playing dirty politics and made himself a fool around everyone in the team. Overall, the management emphasize on your age or diplomacy more than anything else. I doubt whether it's because that's all they got or they simply didn't understand how to evaluate engineers.
The engineering culture are stupid. Microsoft has the most ineffective tools I ever known. Most of the tools far are more trouble than they worth. Almost for everyone in the 30-engineers team,the projects are completely meaningless. Long time exposure to them will only make an engineer more stupid. My dev lead was an middle aged loser who religiously follow old technology from companies SAP. He had been constantly playing dirty politics and made himself a fool around everyone in the team. Overall, the management emphasize on your age or diplomacy more than anything else. I doubt whether it's because that's all they got or they simply didn't understand how to evaluate engineers.
Some employees are confused now a days due to possibility of lay offs and Org changes
Doing too much with too little resources. Everyone has high expectations of others, leading to an environment which is very stressful and pressurized.
- all about metrics, spreadsheets, reporting on the past vs. making real impact for the future. - No real power to influence most marketing, creative, product, or strategy unless you work in Redmond. Marketing positions should be renamed to 'spreadsheet manager'. - Budget cuts every year make you feel like a loser in a company with tremendous revenue growth - always expected to do more with less every year. - POLITICAL warfare. Get far by shouting your mediocre work from the rooftops vs. doing stellar work and actually spending time with customers and partners. It's more about how well you can get into the good books of key managers vs creating a positive impact/doing a great job. If you love to brown nose, trample your colleagues and managers to make your way to higher positions... It's a good place for you to work. - Many managers with very low to no emotional intelligence.
bureaucracy and mediocrity have set in
Not stable in recent years
Show no respect to pre-Nokia employees, I am one of them. Lack of interest on fighting in hardware industry, to MS it's a hard money Lack of promotion.
Nasty office politic. lack vitality, some businesses are getting cut recently
You will get lost in the process, magnitude of the company
very senior folks to work with
very senior folks to work with
Negative environment where your deliverables are not subjectively measured and rewarded. Far too much weight put on internal scorecard metrics vs delivering against market needs and being nimble enough to react to needs of customers.
Social Life balance Managers only care about revenues, sales don't work as one team (In my case it was consultency team not development)
too difficult to get an FTE contract
unfortunately, the actions were directed by KPI, instead of long term direction. The entrepreneurs spirit has been lost.
Career progression and pressure during end of quarters
I don't have many cons. It's such a big company with so many teams and managers it really depends how your team operate and if your manager is a nice guy or not. Some guys we had lunch with would tell stories of other teams who did not work well.
politics,high competition demands great deal of hard work
stack ranking of FTE has its consequences. changes will be good
One of the biggest problems with MS is the stack ranking. It forces employees to be in a "rank" and these ranks are relative to your peers. This causes lot of good people to be at the bottom of the stack.
It is a big company and career advancement is a little difficult. A big part is of course your contribution but at some point it also depends on your manager's connections and ability to stand up for you.
Less new projects coming, may restrict personal growth if you don't seek new opportunities in the company.
dont expect too much - You will be working on very small part of a component .Benefits
Behind on management training and business management overall.
Could be more human, to often employees are more like numbers
the project step is really slow.
I've had a great experience working at Microsoft and no cons that I can think of at the moment.
lot of travel and need to be away from home
Very dynamic, Competition, Chaotic sometimes
Too much internal bureaucracy (e.g. endless time-consuming reporting), lot of the under-the-carpet politics, company culture is encouraging people lay their hands on the other's achievement rather than do job them self, quite a bit of non-professional people managers.
Very dynamic, Competition, Chaotic sometimes
Work Life balance is very bad
The culture is good but sometimes it becomes to good and people interfere a lot in your life.
Nothing much to talk about cons
-The company is going through some painful changes -Lots of pressure during end of quarters, Mid years and End of year ( like any other publicly traded Company ) -Lack of consumer awareness with too much focus on the Enterprise. ( However, I am optimistic about the changes being made in this space).
The biggest problem with employees of Micfrosoft is that it is filled with people who admire Bill Gates and want their name branded with the company rather than doing something valuable. There is a lot of middle management which blocks people from progressing and the worst thing is the overt competitiveness to step on each other to rise to the next level. There is a lack of opportunities and the skills developed in the business roles you could teach a donkey. It is not real selling.  I would advise those who are ambitious, intelligent and go-getters not to work for this company. For the graduates, there is not any well structured training (they lure you in with a trip to America) and there are consistent brick walls. The culture is strong and they make you believe it is the greatest place ever but it is not. in reality, the company is a shambles and is only successful off the back of the legacy Bill Gates helped to build at the prime of the company.
Promotions are hard to get, some colleagues spent 4 years in the same position. It's very easy to lose control of ones work-life balance. Sometimes the work gets really stressful.
Some of them don't have expertise and experience in their designated industry.
#You are expected to deliver results, so no slacking off, #Sometimes under a lot of pressure to deliver.
compensation can be better and be more transparent
Metrics to death. Scorecards until the cows come home
Pay is very low for some positions Hard to advance to higher positions Can't move up unless you have "Staples" on your resume like the Market Manager
Don't challenge management. The talk about work / life balance . . . be prepared to have more work and less life balance unless life revolves around Microsoft. Learning new technologies will be on your own time. Very little formal training. They consider TechReady their training forum for the most part.
The company is left behind in the Internet field. The mind sight is still software focused, not user oriented. There are too many processes and overhead, so it's not agile enough. It takes 3 years to transfer from China to US.
compensation can be better and be more transparent
Bluetape. Some of them are real jerks, but t most people are cool, passionate and nice.
Maintaining targets is very challenging. Every quarter is an obvious classic slippery slope between missing the target or missing your own personal hours.
Poor corporate culture, people being constantly shuffled around and plans changed but not for the better. Abysmal engineering practices, lackluster discipline, bureucracy.
Sometimes the "not invented here" syndrome shows up. The culture sometimes make people stay in the comfort zone doing things in the way they've been doing for years rejecting ideas/comments/assessments from people that bring other experiences. Hopefully the new CEO will start changing this. Salaries are not the best in town. The scorecard culture needs improvement to allow mid term strategies and avoid arriving late to most of the parties.
Too manay emails Too manay emails
very poor work life balance
- Office culture - A lot of burocratic process - Benefits to friends and not to employees
dog-eat-dog style of working which is encouraged by management.
illegible accents from international coworkers
When deadlines approach, things get a little ugly and tense
Lots of Politics in office.
Slow growth. Boring work. No training for program management.
Need to be politically smart
Top management gets in the way of everyday things. Middle tier managers have the worst time: they are squeezed between the need to be hands on and the ridiculous amount of reporting, meetings, feedbacks, emails etc that is generated by their superiors. While developers are not buried in the latter, and top managers are not required to actually write code, the "man in the middle" has to do both.
Outside the US, most of the focus, benefits & rewards are for Sales. The company direction is sales focused rather than marketing or services focused. Too much pressure & stress in some areas. Work load is not normally distributed among roles & disciplines & accordingly, the pay is not proportional to the effort  No room for below average performers, usually fired. Internal politics plays a significant role but differs from one region to another
unclear decision making process too much politics (not surprising at this size of company, but it's still not helping) - lot of internal fights slow negative feedback is not really welcome
1) Silo way of working spells disaster for our products 2) No consumer focus 3) Poor marketing & lack of cohesive brand architecture
non-stop planning, meeting, review.... Bureaucratic corporate culture, Over-reliance on Windows & Office business.
Undocumented libreries, No free food. Transport facilities. No clue about the HR and whom to talk to in the system.
Political in some situations when it is convenient.
1. Movement to different branches of company difficult 2. Indefinite future strategy of top leadership 3. Horrible food
Very competitive environment Cut throat competition
Same old work Same old work Same old work Same old work
you need to stay with right department
The firm has a huge size that means it is a really big ocean.
Some time little unclear about the personal growth within the organization
The firm has a huge size that means it is a really big ocean.
The mentoring program is not good, don't have a HR orientation, Coach. The salary is in the medium of market, could be better. Travel time to different customers weekly isn't billable or compensable.
Graveyard shifts, work pressure , not relaxed
work life balance middle management poor indecisive
Employees (and especially contractors) treated as commodities. Culture encourages rivalry and individual achievement over what's write for the company.
Sometimes lot of projects in maintenance mode comes into India, which make the work less challenging for senior engineers.
Personal life hampers and good
Enforce to achieve scorecard by any means
- Sales Pay Pack is ridiculous - You get a higher base than most (sales roles get 65:35 pay split), but you get none of your commission until you make 75% of your target. So in a tough year if you make 74%, its all down the drain. - Red tape central - If you want to see red tape in all of its splendor, come and join Microsoft - Anal about Score card - Want to see sales people sell strategic products that bring no revenue? How to make sales force sell partner products but without compensating them for it? Join Microsoft to find out about their famed scorecard system, and you will see how you can squeeze people to do things they are not naturally inclined to - Buddy-buddy system - Its very common for friends to hire other friends in Microsoft because of the emphasis on an internal metric called Work Health Index, which measures and rewards managers for reviews by their downliners. If I were a manager, I might be very tempted to hire a friend who would rate me well than a good performer who might have something critical (but relevant and useful) to say.
Too many groups working on same projects that have to learn how to negotiate and compromise.
Management system isn't that great, specially regarding the great lay off of employees currently going on in the company right now.
Poor people management. Few of the people managers they demotivate people very much.
The travel and expense systems are truly terrible - makes travelling on business tedious Recent local decisions on a range of benefits show short termism and penny pinching Performance system getting better but employees have very little (no) input into their end of year outcomes Hitting arbitrary scorecards far too important. Needs to focus on doing the right thing for the customer Progression based solely on internal brand - you need to trumpet every little positive up and across the org chart to get ahead
Windows 8.0 is not a good product. Snacks in the evening not good. Cab number 22 driver is very rude.,
Changing the field entirely inside the company is very difficult
Work life balance in some teams not very good. Everyone is extremely sincere, so need to work hard to get good ratings.
Appraisal process is solely dependent on Manager, so your success totally depend on how good or bad he/she is perceived among his/her peer group! Overall the stack rank process is lot distracting from doing lot of innovative and high risk projects. Also job growth is little slower in few roles.
Nothing as overall I am satisfied with the company
Being a small module of a huge company could be tough. Lots of irrelevant emails. Stuff that only applies to the US employees. All the hype around reconfiguration that doesn't really end up affecting us. Security and distance getting in the way of communication and info sharing to do better, faster work.
Perception based, must work a lot to deliver above average results
Internal selling Tenured employees has monopoly no respect for new joinees No respect for work done by women So many processes no respect for talent they hire smart people make them work at so low level
1. Slow Growth Rate. 2. Managers Monopoly in some team. 3. There are some teams who ask you to work like a startup (and they don't have work like startups ). 4. Learning opportunities are very less if you are not in good team
No work life balance and no growth opportunitie
Sometimes too many direction changes but just roll with it and it will change soon enough However it takes a chunk out of you trying to always adapt to the latest but as Darwin said it is the rule of survival
very very very good good
Empty word from leadership at nowhere. No actual plan to survive in next decade
none that I can see so far.
Work life Balance.. Needs a lot of scope for improvement.
Slow growth rate
As big company it has a lot of structued administrative processes. You have to do a lot of networking and politics to showyourself in order to advance in your career.
Annual rating process, career progression, constant changes to management, fear culture
Depends on which Org you work. No job security, you are under the mercy of your immediate manager for your growth. Internal job postings are total eye wash, fixed before hand. please your managers for better rating is the mantra
Pay is above average, bonuses are average, sometimes promote the wrong people.
Complex solution architecture and licensing. Many internal roles and process to deal with when ask for help. Politics across team exist. Internal roadmap is no longer available as public rumor or announcement happen right before we are aware of.
Work environment/culture.  The quality of work by itself is good, but I think upper management should try to improve the culture/environment. Many times, good people/suggestions are sidelined/ridiculed just because of internal politics.
Changes very quickly so it is keeping up to date is a challenge.
Performers should earn more really
Management is numbers driven and doesn't provide much guidance Not enough support given when issues are escalated no accountability from the virtual team
challenging and sometimes added pressure due to operational challenges
Not a Sales Organization it's a R&D company, with too many silos, and competing Agenda
Can be a bit bureaucratic
People management practices are questionable - cascading top-down metrics on how many best/good/ok/bad people in every organization leads to very bad quality of annual performance reviews - talks between manager and employee are meaningless most of the time. if you have been successful all 5 years after joining MIscosoft - your annual vesting of MSFT stock starts playing significant role in the annual income, which is perfect for keeping good people in long-term for Microsoft, but this is like "golden cell" where many good people are imprisoned for 10-15 years. And working at different positions in different divisions of Microsoft becomes their profession - they will not be valuable commodity at labour market should Microsoft fire them.
Work Pressure and might have to work in shifts
Management style is not very nice
Managers not good, managers monopoly communication lags from Senior management challenging and sometimes added pressure due to operational challenges
High bar and cut throat at times.
Stick on old employee evaluation policy.
MSIT division in Hyderabad is terrible for geek people. Managers show favoritsm and hold personal grudges. Less value is given to employees of MSIT by employees from any other division. Some managers are 'tharkis' and hire many pretty girls with zero tech knowledge. Good looking females and beer buddies usually get better performance review than geeks (How sad!) No variety in technology except .NET. Few years in MSIT and you would be considered useless in any other tech company.
Unreasonable management and pink slip happy. The manager believing this is the 18th century puts pressure on you leading to producing sub-par results. It is quite suffocating.
Too much stress for developing myself for new released versions.
Really bad management. No idea how to lead or make any decisions. Really frustrating.
Too numbers driven, people don't count as much anymore, a lot of internal politics, a lot of de-motivated people, it is common to change your job every 2 years, so it is very unstable
1. Work environment is dependent upon manager, I was lucky. 2. Constant re- org. it was un settling. 3. Bad work life balance.
- not a typical post MBA job
All employees and departments need to be approached the same as a pit of vipers To have Trust in this building is childish and only those related to you by blood can be semi-trusted All equal under God is true here except God is the pay check, prize a promotion and equality defined as Anglo Saxon heritage and nodes of connections
Too much redtape Too much fake projections Too much meetings
Very bad teamworking. Not very customer oriented.
Management need to help get out of the inertia. Rivalry between areas
Only way you grow is by stepping on others Very bad communication from Senior management
Only way you grow is by stepping on others Very bad communication from Senior management
I was employed in a bad division.
Even prior to, but esp after the DOJ impact on the companies value (stock price) there was a trend to under invest in the customer experience, especially post sale. The rating system much lauded in the media lately certainly had it's downfalls and negative impacts on productivity and moral
-extremely political -poor competitive compensation -though breadth of products is large, any job potential requires experience in that workload in prior years. by default then, at an individual level, there is zero point to working in this company for that point, which is unfortunate
HIgh possibility of job elimination when the ROI is not clear regardless of individual's performance. Products releases are not always successful even puting resources and priority.
unhomely environment, discrimination, salary comarative less..
Rating system is kinda tough.
nothing specific for me to share
Leaves have to be negotiated with peers Career opportunities reduce after growing to a certain level New performance model impacts top performers and is more in support of average or low performers
A lot of management layers makes it hard to get things done quickly.
Ability to learn and improve ourself
Slow moving - its a large body and decisions / changes are happening for the good, but slowly Innovation not at its helm yet
Priorities change all the time and what was important yesterday is not important today. It is important to let others handle the pressure because otherwise you would go insane.
- Several (barring some exceptions) Seniors or long time Microsoft'ians are very prejudiced and bigoted. - Starkly unconventional culture which most of them find difficulty to adhere to, but almost 80-85% get jelled in pretty good. I personally don't prefer it, but that's my opinion. - Let's do it in the next release attitude generally prevails, - Local management is not reliable as since the past 2+ years I have been here, there have been multiple churns, 5 manager changes and 3 team shifts... Projects keep getting shelved or moving back to Redmond. - Constant pressure to always do better - no cooling off period or plateau option
Advancing is slow and if you end up in the wrong team, you won't advance fast. Salaries could also be bigger. Compared to Redmond where you can, when you're relocating to Dublin, you can't exchange Relocation Goods (Temporary Housing, Car rental, etc.) for cash. You can't feel the real Microsoft loyalty and spirit. You're allowed to have your Android/iOS phones and tablets and no one will tell you anything or look you wrong. It looks disrespectful for the company that's giving you your salary.
- Small tasks - No visibility in some projects
difficulty to compete with Open source
Lots of horrible internal politics and people succeeding because of the politics. In my 6 years at MS in Singapore I saw dozens of very good people leave because of stupid politics and even dumber HR guidance. Managers that are struggling to meet some of their business KPIs will make sure they meet their "diversity" KPI so they will hire and promote certain people just to hit that target. So when the business is not doing well the system makes managers promote people for their race or gender, not their performance. The GFC wasn't a major issue in APAC but things did slow in some areas and there were plenty of under-qualified people getting jobs and recognition that shouldn't have. I was told point blank "I would love to consider you for xxx role but I wouldn't be able to have a white male in the job. I have to hire an Asian female." That was from a VERY senior exec (ie: partner level) and he/she didn't bat an eyelid when he/she said it. I was gobsmacked! Surprisingly it makes it very hard for the solid performers rise to the top because they are often trodden on by climbers who take credit for work that is not theirs or get discredited by others who are looking for scapegoats.
Increment is less Policy oriented so we need to learn the policy and no policy is employee favoured
crap managers , managers monopoly, stack ranking, on place of collaboration they create backstabbing
no deep interaction with products
HR was too powerful. Time was wasted on unproductive processes. Years of slow technological progress have created many risk-averse naysayers. 'Religious' Functional structure (disciplines) impairs capabilities and achievements.
"Bias and totally non transparent management" The worst hiring process ever. The vendor hiring system should be completely stopped.No job security esp for vendor hires. Loads of work pressure and the worst part is you can see somebody worse than you growing next to you and you wont even know why. Growth can be just a fantasy.FYI your personal life will be shattered at the same time!!!
office culture and company values
Ms keeps the traditional development concept and is slow to adapt to change. Ms pay more attention on the competition between groups inside company.
Arugant management Much too much meetings
Not many cons that I can think of. MIcrosoft is such an amazing company. I love the work there.
have to work really hard to have an edge, very competitive
Too big an organization so growth is not exponential
Data Center in the production Environment
Microsoft is a BIG company and a certain amount of bureaucracy inevitably comes with that.
Too many re-orgs - hard to stay focused and really deliver long term services or functions as is it surprisingly common for projects get dropped mid-flight or abandoned after delivery. Also, even though there are stated company goals, it seems that they don't always translate to shared commitments and the siloed approach is very common from the top down.
I have nothing to recall now , but the current office location is not that good . the complicity of the process . and the change of the business required a lot of dedication to ramp up with the new approach
can be quite political due to manager
no cons except there is lot of politics
As an internship, I had not found any bad points about ms.
Lack of visibility to impact made.
I can't think of any.
Management is not good now-a -days
time consuming and tired sometimes
company culture, mediocre management and no strategic thinking
the requirements are high if you are not of a preffered nationality at the lower tier
Over competitiveness and poor work-life balance
Working really hard....(WLB doesn't really happen there)
Slow response to customer requests
Managers understand the Microsoft machine they don't have to have nor do they need to have ANY people skills to attain or be successful at their positions. As a new AE you are required to commit and sign to a number presented to you by your manager. You will receive no training on it's processes or it's products. You will be consistently asked and reviewed on you commitment to retire quota. Asking for help will be rebuked. You must understand Microsoft licensing and contracts to be successful at this position a requirement not listed in their Account Executive Career Opportunities.
no work life balance will recommend
hardly anything to manage here
Difficult to switch to the work that you would love to do
Since this is a part-time job, managing faculty obligation should work well though it might be very exhausting from time to time. Very close deadlines of other teams are often connected with the team of Labelars.
worst culture and big ego kind of people
Because of the size of the company, some processes are tedious and seem a little bit unnecessary.
Yearly employee performance review through stack ranking created distrust among peers and selfishness in work environment. Favouritism breeds office politics.
In international localtions, company culture really depends on the leader that is in charge of the region or subsidiary.
- The place is massive, and can feel like a giant machine. One way this plays out is that entrepreneurial ideas tend to get diluted and implemented slowly - The overall culture focuses too much internally, not enough on external competitors - Sometimes the internal competition dials up a bit too high and collaboration dials down
Promotions are hard to get, easier to move up the org is you leave and come back at a higher level.
sometimes there are too many meetings
Low per meaning head count
Only one thing is constant and it is Change.
Arrogant central staff. Bureaucratic & Autocratic function. Company within a company mentality in Delhi. Managers do very little to resolve the Delhi roadblocks.
Too much process, not very fast paced
. . . . . .
Senior management (i.e. Partner and up) culture and management acumen is questionable. Still too much internal focus when the energy could be better spent focusing on customers.
Work / life balance could be better. Some of the projects are very marginalized and you don't feel like contributing to a better common future for the company / people.
-There is a strong negative trend regarding the long term appreciation or satisfaction of the individual contributor -Don't expect any salary renegotiation once hired (excluding annual review) -High stress environment -Salary is at most average while the expectations are over the top
Should pay developers more as sales and marketing execution is terrible. Work/life balance is terrible...and although preached, no one admits that their annual salary needs to be divided by 14hr work day. If you aren't online, you aren't visible...if you aren't visible prepare for a 'discussion' with manager/ment.
Company car policy is dissatisfying
You were very much pigeon holed into a specific job and the ability to get promoted would take quite a bit of time. Slow to adapt to market changes
Process, process, process. Also, over time, people become good a internal promotion and being good Microsoft citizens, unfortunately, the company seems to reward this. People who do a good job and stay loyal are overlooked by people who backscratch and job swap frequently.
People strive for and focus on getting visibility than delivering a quality product Bad employee performance feedback collection system Managers will be major bottlenecks for individuals growth (for most of the teams) Lack of transparency at Senior Management and Leadership level
People strive for and focus on getting visibility than delivering a quality product Bad employee performance feedback collection system Managers will be major bottlenecks for individuals growth (for most of the teams) Lack of transparency at Senior Management and Leadership level
No opportunity no no no
Politics. It kills projects and careers
Globally good place to work, but not in korea...
The job can be very boring and tedious. The prospects of MS is less promising than other tech giants. Lack of team work.
numbers employeed- too much buffer
Poor management, too corporate, and cost-cutting have killed the good old Microsoft of legend.
I didnnot see any cons.
complex business to navigate at times
Bad execution of products, thinking out-of the box, ability to adapt to change.
Remote development center, team competing with each other
Too many major reorgs and project changes - it's rare to work on the same project for more than a year or so. Pity to see hard work thrown to the garbage can. Company as a whole is still looking for direction Too much internal competition - between individuals and teams (at all levels). Lots of Internal politics and groupthink. Poor work life balance (mostly in more senior roles), partly due to work with the west coast. Working in the Microsoft walled (.NET/C#/SQL/Office/etc) garden. Very difficult to move to management track.
bad Work Life balance, demanding business partners
Number Driven Quantity rather than quality Big pressure
average salary package compared to the competition
No team work across boundary. Too much fighting and "not build here" attribute.
So much of politics in management
The big challenge is to be able to have a work-life balance .
Highly competitive, too much so! Lots of long hours.
The corp make people fight each other to get a good review. People does not help each other.
more recently it has become much more of internal and administrative works
Big organization, non free software,
Technology very Microsoft specific, no exposure to outside technologies.
No one, I suggest to everyone to try
Politics and the relationship with your manager play an important role in your progress and evaluation at the end of the year. These skills may have high weight than your technical skills.
Large Organization. If you are new you can get lost. Give yourself atleast 6 months to settle in
oportunity when looking outside microsoft
Not proactive on future technical
Bureaucracy, conservatism, and scorecard system.
Not huge scope to get further in company
Salary is not good. Food is not good.
It's a huge dinosaur, and bureaucracy can sometimes limit internal innovation and entrepreneurship.
All tech and product innovation out of Seattle. C grade middle management end up hiring more C and D grade people. Repeat for 20 years and you have an explanation as to why most new things they do end up sucking. If you are not in sales or service support and don,t live in Seattle you are a nobody.
workload is often very high, managers sometimes do not delegate accordingly
No Company is like Microsoft.
politics and sliding market share of products due to bad management decision
Bad work life balance. Slow decisions and process. Timezone difficulties. Training is insignificant. HR performance management system sucks, it pits peer against peer which generates bitching and politics. Too much politics, does not matter if you are a high performer it matter who you know. If one manager does not like you he/she will make the others dislike you. Outdated management culture: a lot of Managers/ Snr. managers have been in MS for long time and have not been exposed to real world. No long term career opportunity because there is no turnover among higher ranks.
Lack of creativity in the Internet age Vague in company vision for the following ten years
stack ranking is not so bad until you got an powerfull enemy inside your team
no belong sense and no headcount
no belong sense and no headcount
vendors and Microsoft employees work together, it is hard to distinguish the responsibilities. morning/night shift is required.
Late night working hours, further improvement of talents
Focus on delivering new features sometimes comes at the cost of strong development tools (bad IDE, manually modifying critical text files, long build times, etc) Still working on the "One Microsoft" goal Can be stressful at times, especially if you are on call
This is a global company that's spread across all time zones and working with colleagues from other parts of the globe is a day to day affair [which is a good thing for exposure and networking]. But with all the networking you can see how the company doesn't maintain parity between two employees doing the same thing but located in two different countries. designation and compensation wise one could be two or three levels below the other, irrespective of talent the former has and the latter lacks. This can be traced back to geo-politics and economies, but Microsoft as a company must and should rise above this and respect talent - irrespective of region. The current model is unfair.
- Slow growth - Work Life balance can be skewed at times - Bureaucratic in some teams
No possibilities left to think out of the box. Very process oriented, and "good Execution" is the over valued.
follow regular process and doesn't so open for all options
Some perks in Canada are not up to the USA perks. Food court is good idea but it lacks inspiration and not what USA experiences. Bring standArds up, we are Microsoft.
An intern's responsibilities could be more and of better quality.
Sap700 production module at iron and steel co. in mumbai
The reviewing system used, killed a lot of capable employees
Pathetic, office politics, specifically Middle management. Wok cultures different ... Location wide, department wide... causing 'Racial Discrimination'
Too competitive. Too much bureaucracy. No room for mistakes or bugs - favor the conservative over the innovative. Work-Life balance !
Our sucess depends on the biz mind of GM.
None to think of expect for we have far too many meetings ,)
One gets addicted to the open culture and excellent lifestyle and hence gets very difficult to leave or switch to other places ,)
No Work Life balance politics no work ethics poor management no employee retention
Big people rotation.Every month there is one person on the team leaving the company. It is quite hard to do some efficient teamwork. You have lots of perks available but dont really have the time to use them.
Too much of internal competition among teams. Lot of times you're fighting teams across India or Redmond instead of the competition.
The work was very hard and a lot of the time I got the feeling that I was not getting paid enough for the amount of work I had to do and the effort I put in.
Non. Working for Microsoft is the best thing anyone can ask for
Reward system has killed innovation and left a lot of people disillusioned. Promotions are confusing at best when the best local people continue to be overlooked in favor of people from any country but Canada. Customers are very vocal about the lack of continuity and relationships as well as the lack of knowledge about the Canadian market in general. The Canadian sub is seen as a pasture vs. what it used to be as a stepping stone. Not a place for real technology sellers. The culture in Canada specifically has been toxic for so long that I don't think anyone is capable of leading out from underneath this. The managers who have stayed at too risk averse to leave and like the safety of $200-$300K/year without having to do a lot or have much in the way of real accountability. Safe doesn't equate to innovation or people development or top compensation or a meaningful stock price that is sustainable.
Too much of internal competition among teams. Lot of times you're fighting teams across India or Redmond instead of the competition.
Work too much some days.
there is too much of groupism that you feel suffocated if your are not part of any group.surviving becomes tough
You may get stuck in the same kind of work for very long
costing reduction and quality was not important anymore
Moving slow, bureaucracy, big hierarchy
The company can be very political. There are constant re-organizations, and they are frequently not meaningful.
Playing 2nd Fiddle to late Start-Ups
Redmond has a major role in even small decisions.
Sometimes, it is difficult to manage work life balance.
Due to the size, it takes significant effort finding the right resources when you need assistance from other teams you are unfamiliar with.
need to expand the company more
No passion in this company, at least the BU I am staying.
Too many processes and lack of decision making.
Individualist and cut throat culture. Stack Ranking poisons team work (you're only as good as your last performance). Too much focus on individual achievement & internal visibility at the expense larger group objectives. Management by fear, and peer pressure.
long hours, high pressure, cubicle life
From outside people see Microsoft as big product group company. But GD comes under service division of MS. Before you join make sure u understand that you would be working in services, Here system is like a typical service industry where we have to bill hours to customer. Everybody is just running behind hours.  Extremely competitive environment, people are compared among other, In fact this stack raking is a killer.  Lot of favoritism to managers,  work life balance is always a problem.  Very difficult to get appreciation. Most of the awards always goes to some specific people.  You might be put on projects which was failed 2-3 times earlier with some other vendors.  Migration and support projects  Billing rates of MS are very high because of which customer expectation is very high.
limited iwht the innovation and go to market
Sales culture has shifted from empowered to micro managed. Execs and senior managers spend too much time navel gazing and internally than on customers and markets.
- Microsoft has to burn itself. Even when the correct decision is obvious to all staff, senior management seem to get it wrong before backtracking to get it right. - The business is set up for its employees to fail. Even if a team exceeds all goals, stack ranking means 20%+ have to fail. It's incredibly damaging for a company to ensure failure at all costs. - Many tiers of middle management that add very little and drive against change for self preservation. - To be successful you need to spend 70% of your time managing your internal brand and 30% of your time doing your job and driving success for the business. - Over the recent years, more smart people have left than have joined. - Culturally, the business has a rotten core that is going to take years to cleanse.
slow on web and mobile - but doing fantastic job at One microsoft where all is coming together well
Need to improve on agility and simplify processes
There were hardly any cons with the place, people or culture at Microsoft. I would recommend that people apply to this company .
inter group relations can be better. Short term contributions seems to be valued more
Rating system, its forced curve
Bad and unfair review system,, stack and ranking.
Huge amount of unecessary reviews to make the bosses look smart and good!
Huge amount of unecessary reviews to make the bosses look smart and good!
Work might not be challenging.
Some management team members are very tranditional, may result in stagnant status of creativity
Pace of changes can derail the career growth unless one is very careful
Politics in management a minefield of whos in whos out driven by senior management watch your hack culture
Too much politics, does not matter if you are a high performer it matter who you know. Very bad managements that they do nothing except talking nicely and showing off...
As it got bigger, politics became more important to rewards and career advancement
Tough to achieve a perfect work life balance,massive organisation so often difficult to navigate the organisation - still some siloed working which holds some of the major projects back.
none to say about cons of the company
Too much politics. The senior management has an evasive attitude and do not take responsibility.
Work life balance takes a hit Performance policy has changed, there is uncertainty in the present. Hopefully this will change by the end of 2014
No internships for students in technical areas
Pits awful and political, shocking
As a software engineer, if report to, or interact with, a terrible, non-caring, numbers only manager you, and your team, suffer the most. Microsoft seems full of these types of managers. It is best to change teams if you realize you have a terrible manager as soon as possible.
General Picture of the company in the Market.
Microsoft's various brushes with regulators has condition behaviour so much that it is often hard to get people to make sensible compete decisions
Matrixed structure , Politics , Work Life balance is non existent
Ending up just a number
very competitive environment limiting career progression opportunities
You will need skill to manage your career and navigate through opportunities. Do not accept spoon feeding.
Company can change directions too quickly
Large companies are hard to change.
Slow pace. A lot of managers. It's difficult to promote to new level. Performance review and promotion only once a year. Outdated and slow technology stack for web service development. Problem to use open source tools. Agile and scrum just words. A lot of strong guys leaving the company.
Overtime work somethings even after evening
Unfortunately there is no better place than this for working with Microsoft technologies
Work on my own most of the time.
Senior leadership in India is clueless and can't take any strategic decisions. There is too much politics with expats having oversized egos trying to defend their fiefdoms.
Team work might be a concern.
SUch a big organization it's hard to get your head around it all
Islands where excellence is not as much as rest of the organization
Very dynamic, always changing, sometimes too much.
Week cross-team collaboration sometimes, but it is also an opportunity )
steep learning curve for new technologies
Bad management, no initiatives, no inspiration
No significant cons, no company is perfect. But MS is where you would come very close to be in a perfect company
- no time for people management - team manager = controler - a metric is a metric that can' be changed even if it's set before the year starts and everybody knows it's an impossible goal = change role and someone else will get your role, your metric and get screwed.....
Old review system created a bad atmosphere.
Work-life-balance. Often you find yourself working during off-hours, weekends, etc.
the company is very steadily and not very fast moving, the structure of the company is so big that it's sometimes hard to make changes
- Bad Work Life Balance. - Work Culture is not very great, its not collabarative and more of Individual Contribution based. - SDET role might state "Software Development Engineer" in Test, but its more of just Automation you work at, not great if you want to gain good learning and knowledge of different technologies.
- Bad Work Life Balance. - Work Culture is not very great, its not collabarative and more of Individual Contribution based. - SDET role might state "Software Development Engineer" in Test, but its more of just Automation you work at, not great if you want to gain good learning and knowledge of different technologies.
No career opportunities outside of US (Seattle), can be very political and networking really helps progression. Tough review system and have to always be improving.
Too hard. Not easy to
Low salary, not many opportunities to grow within the Sub
low salary, ft& contingent staff difference
it is somewhat difficult to handle so many reviews, and the collaboration is not as good as many companies.
Nothing about MSFT is particularly bad
It is a large slow moving organization.
red tape, a lot of bureaucracy
Not so many opportunities to develop
US-centric product development Excessive bias towards re-inventing the wheel Design not given voice it requires
location of head office is located in central of semanggi, the traffic is very bad
Microsoft's glory days are well behind it. The company has spent the last decade trying to protect the Windows franchise instead of embracing the true potential of the web and innovating for the future. The culture and working environment became quite toxic (although there are some good people there too) with colleagues competing against each other each review cycle. The mid level and senior management I worked with were completely focused on themselves and working the Microsoft system to their advantage rather than looking outward and taking care of their customers.
Hard to migrate to from engineering job to managing job.
Between divisions it can be a struggle to get things done. Researchers look down on engineers rather than work with them.
The stack ranking is the worst part and the biased mangers make an employee in the team a soft target as the lowest performer. I am glad the system is changing now. This is about the IGTSC in EGL , Bangalore
Noisy working environment at times
Need to change the Employees Appraisal system
Nothing much that I can point out at this time.
Content not relevant or helpful to our community Text in ALL CAPS or using excessively poor grammar
Content not relevant or helpful to our community Text in ALL CAPS or using excessively poor grammar
The stack ranking was the worst part which has been scrapped now. This would help remove the infighting that is the side effect of stack rankings.
Very political US - centric Insulated from the customer Heavy HR overhead
1. unhealthy competition between colleagues 2. managers are stupid 3. bad business strategy
-high expectations -a lot of work has to be put to get domain knowledge -not everything is documente properly, so will have to talk to people to get info
Sometimes there are unclear instructions to follow.
Workload, short term view, headcount restriction,
Unfair remuneration system Ranking system Very low business touch with customers (the products are not business oriented)
One of the fallbacks was that some work in cross-functional settings led to increased dependability in teams that had a more laid back culture which led to unnecessary setbacks in project deadlines. Nevertheless, effective communication led to quality delivery and all was good at the end.
Gets a bit hectic at times when nearing releases, but its fun in a way
I cannot find anything bad
1. Can get monotonous and boring 2. Compensation could be better 3. might be hard to rise up at times unless you're better at being visible than in your actual wpork
Complex processes and high frequency of version changes
Performance reviews are really bad. The force fitting of bell curve on a rating of 1-5 is killing creative thinking and innovation. Everyone does a CYA and leads to unhealthy competition.
- Slow Moving, complacent at times
Big company sometimes inefficient in communication
slow decision, too many meetings
stack ranking is unfair and employment as will as being waived a lot
Too much internal reporting, byrocracy
Slow Growth Not very good management Quality of work not very good Not enough innovation Quality of work not very good Not enough innovation
Less Opp in Services division
There are plenty downsides. The review system is one and everything I read from other who wrote their reviews about the company seem pretty much true. It can destroy good people and bring out negative things in people. I used to manage a team and was forced to cut good people that I felt had good potential and could benefit the company. Because of the curve we had to exaggerate failures to justify ranking. You could nail all your commitments and find out it doesn't matter what you did but how you did it. Or vice versa. Managers get ratings too. its very funny, you can tell its poll season when managers become super nice and then tend to revert to their old selves afterwards.
Salary Sales Career is aggressive Too much travel
Slow growth and too much competition
they don't train the lead and principal lead, humanistic aspect, they call the devs as resources, and shout at them.  poor food.
Review system is horribly bad, need to scrap this system out. Indian employees play mere execution role with no say in the direction of the organisation.
extremely political, managing "up" necessary to survive, terrible management behavior overlooked, lots of CYA, lots of internal reporting and not enough customer focus, very tough to be hired in from the outside, do not truly support remote workers, evaluation system of calibration is barbaric and creates highly negative environment
People take time to discuss and deliberate everything to death. Nothing happens until everyone is convinced. Could be called analysis paralysis. The decisions become slow. Whether its about how to design things, or how to fix bugs, and even who should be promoted- everything takes time.
Work life balance is screwed.
1. Since recently, terrible politics has cropped up. 2. Leads/Management care about you, only if you don't spot the blemishes on their work. 3. Gaining visibility in teams has become such a necessary evil, that some would resort to doing some senseless work & canvass opinions from alike dumb leads (that other true contributors don't get their own due kudos for contribution). 4. Recently, Employee MS poll lost it's confidentiality & leads/Managers could specifically spot, what was each exployee's feedback on them( which was supposed to be highly confidential).
The challenge with working at Microsoft is the challenge with being visible ALL OF THE TIME. Unless your manager and their immediate peers are intimately aware of your achievements then you will be punished during the review process. The drawbacks of this process are well documented within glassdoor but any system that holds the employee review meeting AFTER the grade has been decided is, in my view, seriously flawed.  If you are unlucky enough to be on a long-term project that can seriously impact you, and if that project is on customer site then you can really be in trouble. Also, if you are not valued by your manager then you can get you in trouble as well!!!!  There is also a blame culture emerging in MCS which, if isn't eradicated, will make it not a nice place to work.  With regard to salary, MCS is OK, you don't work there for the money, you work there to get an exposure to the culture and the experience. Microsoft make it very easy for you to work from anywhere at any time and there is a growing expectation that that is exactly what you do. Some managers send email out of hours and then complain when you haven't responded in what they consider a timely manner.
Work life balance is screwed.
1) No exposer to outside good practices in the same functional domain. 2) Changes are slow.
Corporate is so big and powerful that it drives business irrelevant activities down the line. Processes are way too complex and get in the way of getting your actual job done. Outsourcing has gone way too far and the company couldn't operate without the 200K+ vendors and contingent staff - so much wasted money and capability.
some of the desktops are old
None to think at the moment
Bad Management in subsidiaries and regional-wise. If you are a vendor, it's hard to get FTE.
Maybe you should pay a lot of time to know all the employees there.
Great politics. and very bad work culture. Officially polices support creativity but in real you are never given chance to show your real talent. Or if given then also try to put you down with many other things.  Your manager is your god. And there are 2-3 managers at least whom u will be reporting so have to ash lick of all
Work Hard play hard , if you have time to play hard.
too many politics caused by the extra freedom people have
May not be very good for creative roles.
The environment is really competitive with a very high expectation and metrics hence work life balance is always a hard topic.
Employee performance measurement and stack ranking. Despite described process and reviews, under the hood a major component of your assessment is subjective.  You will be assigned a rank upon review, with 1 being the best, 5 the worst. If you are assigned a 5 - look for a new job, there is no recovery. Combine this with frequent organizational redesign and there is risk of the stack ranking being used as a tool for "right-sizing" – despite your contribution.  Stack ranking also is detrimental to team work. You are measured against your peers. Managers must rank a percentage of employees in each of the 5 levels. So if you help your peers, it could affect your assessment - and will is all the team is performing well. Someone HAS to be a 5...
management, ranking system, evaluation system, work-life balance worst of all companies
Redmond completely trust leaders they send to India, especially Bangalore and do not keep a tab of what is going on and how this old leader is messing things up.
Too much political in Italy time bomb role for everyone, after 45 ot 15 year of experience you are going to be invited out..
only use their own product in the job.
A company this big also disguises a lot of incompetence - and too many processes make talents waste too much time working for inside reports - a lot of times more time spent working for inside than for the customers.
Shifting environment and constant restructuring
Shifting environment and constant restructuring
You'll probably work long hours, sales people are valued more than the others, it's a company focused on process, on execution so there's no much space for being creative
Salary and Compensations, Work Life Balance
- Not a leader in bringing products - Going through a Churn - Too relaxed Culture
Night shift is bad health.mchange shift timings.
weather in the great Seattle area
No process adherence in some business units, with unrealistic expectations, sometimes processes that exist are ignored leading to business behaviour bordering on unacceptable business behaviour. Too many changes, poor business planning in some parts of the business leading to ecosystem being put to hardship Technology mix needs to catch up with overall industry (fighting too many battles in too many segments) Expectations on individuals changes with every organization change not all of which is planned Overall product and services strategy is in flux and needs to catch up with the industry in some product/service segments
Awful Executive Management in the Country
1. too much competition because of relative grading
Waiting for new leadership that can see around the corner.
You might have to work out your work-life balance a little more intelligently
Your opinion is not taken into consideration, direction changes with management. Doing a good product doesn't seem a priority. Promotions is the only motivation of management. There is no sharing between the various parts of the company, which rather compete with one another.
Over the last few years, the scorecard mentality has driven some negative behaviour. The current review system discourages collaboration, and the consequences of being at the low end of the scale are difficult as there is an attrition metric to hit. This also discourages people from taking a risk and trying new roles.
Compensation, slow progression, illogical performance rating system.
-stack ranking even in small teams -outdated HR assesment system -overdone cost management -takes some time to react to market changes -ongoing centralization -political at Redmond -ok, I will not lie - work life balance is an issue - but if you love what you do then you accept it
Being large it is extremely political
1. This company requites developers as testers, saying that here tester also codes like developer. But this is not true in all cases, majority of the time SDET works in doing QA work. Very small portion of his time he works for automation.
No understanding of outside market
Territorial in some teams which makes transparency and collaboration more difficult than necessary. Lots of management changes and internal structure changes which led to low morale and unsettling behaviour.
Lacking in technology standards. Can't think of implementing your own. Everything has been surrounded by processes
- Bad culture. I have no idea how the bangalore office has turned out to have a culture so distant from what Microsoft elsewhere is known for. Diversity, inclusion and friendly people - all are lacking here. You get hired now.. you are more certain to feel lonely, marginalized and left to fend for yourselves. - Middle of a massive realignment. MS is undergoing a top to bottom shakeup and reorg which can leave you uncertain of coming times. But if you are old timer at Microsoft, perhaps it is a cause for much joy. Certain teams in Bing and BingAds is undergoing a swift move to agility and with no clear focus on what to aim for, teams are trying what feels best for them and most are re-engineering what other tech giants like Goog, Amzn have solved well for years. Things like Disaster management, CI all are getting solved for now. Seems like a decade old problem.
none to specify as of now
Guys,  Never ever join in MSIT division of Microsoft.  MSIT is not Microsot. Even companies like Mindtree, wipro are 1000 times better than MSIT.  I have never seen such a worst workplace in my life.  They recruit you as a senior technical resource and they give you documentation work.  Here freshers do coding and leads do documentation for that code.  You may expect that people here are technically good but it is completely wrong.  There are many technical leads here who don't even know what CLR is.  Extreme level of politics by North Indians and Tamilians.  Managers here work for 10-15 years and they don't know what the outside world is.  There is no process at all here.  No one cares how good you are technically. You need to do hungama to get recognized  From Day 1 of your joining, they scare you about your appraisal and they threaten you on the same.
High level of stress, low agility. Low opportunity t influence US decisions
Too much OT...I mean in services...
1) Heavily bureaucratic  2) Manager centric performance system.. This performance mgmt system is that which is tailored to manufacturing shop floors and not to a collaborative software development company. What you need is a peer review system not a manager centric system.  3) Engineering systems within microsoft arent even remotely close to those @ Google or Facebook or Twitter wrt to the exposure that you can get as an Engineer.
Too many supposing stakeholders, sometime also for the sake of visibility, the number of consensus and communications required to get things done can be very daunting.
I have been at MS for less than a year and for the period i have worked, i cant think of any cons as such.
The leadership is lack of innovation
It takes long time to establish yourself. i.e. to get promotions or decent ratings. they look for consistency and that means you got to be in the company for atleast 3, 4 years before you would get a good rating and thereby good increment and promotions.
Very structured hierarchy Difficulty in retaining new/young talents
Process is very slow, try to influence on the product as an individual is very difficult, low sense of achievement
The management has to be improved.  -Management. -No free food -Distance -hard-work -Busy
need to innovate more especially in the mobile area (or future wearable device) - Microsoft share is insignificant compared to competitors. Nokia take over could be disastrous if it didn't revolutionize the way they do business. Stock price has been in sideways mode since last stock split in 2003. My take was, not enough innovation that affect significantly in the way we compute.
Don't get mistaken by the name Microsoft. It is IT for Microsoft...similar to what the rest of the services companies do.
The ranking system can be unfair sometimes, and it is often used for political reasons
- Conservative company strategy - Bureacratic and sometimes slow to react
Actually none. Parking here is problem.
No work life balance, too much hectic work, peer pressure, Less diversity ratio
- Night shift takes a toll on the health.
Middle management dearth (Weakest there is) Stack ranking
My opinion whatever people join there he is very lucky and great exposure to learn more and growth more.
-The stack Rank review system brought in by Ex Wal-Mart COO -Your success is disproportionately tied t the Manager you happen to have. -Market seem to pay higher base salary -There is no life / work balance, no matter what anyone tells you -Ultra competitive environment, Almost to much so. -If your an average White male your at a disadvantage as they don't apply the same rules to you (Like many tech companies they have HR quotas on hiring)
Too much politicking required to survive and the rating system whihc do not reward subject experts. Recent years of leaders hired from external are below expectations
Politics, Boring work, No point in moving between projects or teams as all are working on same technology just different deliveries. Senior level managers or developers are kind of stupid and keep giving stupid and repetitive task just to keep the resources busy. WTF ?
can't complain about anything really. What others deem the biggest cons of Microsoft (the internal conflict) I see as a necessary price to pay for diversity.
HR performance evaluation - a lot based on being popular vs good at the job In the region - a lot of clicks based on the national origin You cannot change the job without manager and HR agreeing you even applying, so if they do not want you to move you can get stuck missing great career opportunities but once et decide they are done with you only then you can go.... Creates an environment of sucking up and manager full control over your career. On the other hand if your manager does not like you you do not stand a chance in the company - they will cut your opportunities, play with your review etc.
- In the GTSC (global technical support center) there was an oppresive operational model requiring the engineers to track their work time for a customer at the tiniest level (for ex. 1 min tried to call customer but did not reach him) so that in the end utilisation was always a problem. - Unnecessary competition between fellow coworkers in each team due to the performance rating model used (Gauss curve) which did not allow for the possibility of all team members to perform ok (one had to be a black sheep even though he wasn't necessarily). - Poor support from management to solve day to day issues - Bad work/life balance - Daily stress - Though initially good salary, it did not get updated in time even though conditions in the country worsened/improved from year to year, all this due to global corporate policy
nothing can say because so far so good
too political skills needed to be a corporate citizen
It is not that simple to filter out any particular thing which could be characterized as a serious downside to employment at Microsoft.
Complex and rigid processes and procedures make most tasks a challenge. In addition, departments tend to have more of a "small company" feel rather than feeling part of the broader Microsoft vision. Biggest turn off is the number of personnel in a management position who have never managed outside of Microsoft and therefore lack any real management experience or skills. Huge "boys club" mentality found in the Corporate functions of old.
directionless leadership that doesnt know where it wants to get to
very demanding, bad work-life balance, not the highest salaries, every employee is actively and constantly measured and have a demanding set of goals and commitments.
Time for Steve Ballmer to handover the reigns
You have to be a corporate dog to get on in the company You can only go so far in a non managerial position Career progression is not really meritocratic
neeed to be more thinking out of the box,
Low end of market salary. Work/life balance issues. Absolutely stupid rating/review system. They let, if not encourage many good employees to leave.
Can't think of any cons. Just love the company!
No room for innovation Very Hierarchical Lack of autonomy in local Subsidiary
No room for innovation Very Hierarchical Lack of autonomy in local Subsidiary
A good place with lot of challenges for growth.
The competition is withing the employees rather than with other companies The performance review system is horrible unless you are a yes man to the boss and his/her boss The politics in the middle management is quite demoralizing Need to have a Godfather in the company in order to rise No organic growth
Traditional Work Environment makes it a little bit boring to work. Also, difficult to see the bigger picture.
1 too many KPIs 2 there are too many meetings everyday to discuss everything though many of them are unncessary 3 working rythm is slow
Recognition is basically non existent if you're a head down bum up type of person. Its about who you know and how loud you can tout yourself rather than the work you do. The review process is unfair and punishes high performers just to satisfy the 'bell curve'. Middle management are all about their own careers and manage upwards. They'll also have no issues shifting the blame to team members to save themselves. Base salaries are low, especially if you're an ex graduate, but there is the potential to make up a decent salary with your bonuses (if you meet all of your targets and your boss likes you). Being younger also doesn't do you any favours. Your career progression will be heavily based on your age rather than your proven capability. You'll also get less respect and remuneration in role compared to older peers, even if you are performing at a higher level.
Employee ratings are fixed. Every year 5% of the staff has to be rated as poor performers regardless. Imagine how this affects morale when you're on a team of stars. On my team people were let go for the strangest reasons. Usually because they asked for help with Microsoft products or spoke their mind to a manager.
Old, bitter culture. Very easy to do nothing but just go to meetings and ask tough questions.
Weak antiquated CMS. Poor product tools that marketing can't sell. Ball and chain relationship between marketing and product. At bottom of food chain in Portal space. Busy for the wrong reasons. Poor com across departments. Smart to drop 'Advertising' from business name because they're not a true 'agency' in the conventional sense. No more hotmail redirects will decline sales to reflect true numbers.
You must work so hard in yourself in order to have a job here!
no flexi working arrangement in some department, even long working hr for certain departments
Politics instead of meritocratic process.
Client facing roles would need more compensation especially in Services
negligible ..... nothing other than being ready to work in night shift
Frequently you have to sacrifice your personal life to dedicate to work.
Making less impact than at a small company
lot of internal politics and favoritism yes men who are more inclined to say yes and do not care for subordinates interests no job guarantee
Rat race, review process, work life balance
Currently the company is doing great. But we can do better in the new phase.
none so far, update later
WHI, at the first years is very hard to maintain a good WHI
Consumer Business Oriented, different from enterprise business
politics , peer to peer competition
The rating system is very badly designed. Managers and senior+ ICs are rated together, in the same bucket! causing a very apparent conflict of interest which the management doesn't seem to see. Leads/Managers get better ratings than their IC counterparts  The middle management, composed of the the desi brigade, is not at all bothered about MS, they just have some skewed agenda of promoting/highlighting the select few and keep the remaining ratings in 1 and 2 for themselves. They don't deserve anything better than 3, most of the times.  Balmer is leaving, that is good for the company, though i strongly feel that this middle management needs a rejig.
slow, doesn't give vendors a true chance to contribute
I cant think of any cons. I enjoy this company.
It may happen that you will work on very small piece of very small and non important software product and it mat take very long to get something more interesting.
Due to nature of business night shifts are unavoidable.
Stock price is not increasing
Size of the company, their internal evaluation and process structure, can be cumbersome, to many (management) layers at times to be agile and efficient
MSIT not good. dev teams are awesome
- some teams dont have good work. - Large crowd, tough competition to grow - base salary is less compared to other companies. They do eye wash by qouting a very high ctc.
Need better People Managers, need better transparency in performance review mechanism - its still the manager's call to make or break your deal !!
I couldn't figure out any
if you start from scratch you wold have a very long way to go
Can get riddled with too many rules, Fragmentation in strategy
nothing bad, they listen to you, to want you to succeed
working across multiple teams to get something done can be challenging a times.
I love this company.. and always will! so no cons here! :)
management needs to give more freedom to their employees,some teams are bureaucratic, lot of people are yes-men of their management to make sure that they grow fast through the org, as long as they keep the folks in power happy, it does not really seem to matter how they are dealing with their sub-ordinates / some peers
Too much dependant on US decisions. Market are different though! Also Too much internal competition:focus should be more on competing with other companies.
Conservative Environment, people are afraid to rock the boat and criticize management
stack ranking, lack of consumer focus
Some politics, Need networking, Overalll good
some employees are laid back,lazy
Growth can be a point for concern for some, since the work that you do may be seen as great and exceptional by you, but not by everyone else. But like always, slow and steady wins the race.
Very political organisation. Not much of Hardwork , only need to float with what the group wants and agree with boss. Difficult to grow unless you have a big daddy. Often juniors get the axe for strategic mistakes of top management. Top management has lost contact with market realities & what is required by people around. You will do a small thing and will miss the big picture.
to many re-org event, not very stable
if you are not a result\action oriented person, then you would find it tough
Management is partial and they need to focus on employee work satisfaction. Management is partial and they need to focus on employee work satisfaction. Management is partial and they need to focus on employee work satisfaction.
Work life balance is off sometimes, a risk averse business to a certain extent, difficult to advance if you don't get on with your manager, getting access to data from other areas of the business is hard and almost impossible to change a process quickly without executive 'buy in'.
- No work life balance - Performance review program did not incentive group work
Always a strained working relationship with Redmond. Senior management is static and is not tuned with the new age development.
Boring, overestimated tasks, too much meetings
Career wise not a great place for mid level executive/ engineers  More preference has been given to fresher  Manager words/feedback is last in review  Tough to adjust in other org once worked over here  too much stress on innovation
Everything is oriented towards meeting scorecard targets rather than simple turnover and profit. This creates a very inward focused environment that simply ignores customer requirements.
It is very Legal sensitive and is not flexible with the Business Process and is extremely understaffed and the work load is not equally divided between the employees and no real career employee paths with succession plans for them.
The company is right now nothing but a well decorated trash can. From the outside the look is superb but from the inside it is completely rotten. Place is super rife with politics and unless you can play the political game well you will not even get a decent review. Place is filled with managers who want to just save their jobs and care a hoot about everything else. The vanity fair article "Microsoft's lost decade" captures the dismal state of the company very accurately. In fact Redmond operations are still better, the Indian operations are way too worse. No VP cares about the Indian operations and the managers here are having a gala time for the past 10 years taking up only useless projects which are easy to deliver and help them to keep their jobs.  There is absolutely zero career growth for anyone and there are people at age 44 and above stuck at development lead levels. Now these people have gotten so accustomed to this culture that they neither want to move from their positions nor wish to create space for anyone else. Also they take out their career related frustrations on their sub-ordinates. A manager's word is final in a review process and there is no way you can contest it.  Everything is top down and there is zero scope for bottom up innovation. I was absolutely amazed when I took some new ideas to my development manager and he said he was too old to connect with such latest ideas connecting new technologies in the market. I never went to him with another idea and resigned from my job.  All this internal churn is definitely showing up with lackluster releases (read win 8) and failed product lines (tablets, phones). In fact when I joined the company, IE was the market leader with > 90% share of the browser market. Now it is a shame that Chrome has overtaken it in the browser game. The company is as usual surviving on Office and Enterprise. A day someone hits the office suite, Microsoft's game is over.
Food service needs improvement. The food price is a little high, but the food quality is not so good as expected.
So far I didnt experience any.
So far I didnt experience any.
I read most of the 1 and 2 star reviews here for worst case scenario before I took the offer, hoping to be one of the luckier ones to land a decent team and boss. No such luck. Everything you read under the Cons section is true. Easily my worst work experience in 15 years crossing a number of public corporations in different industries.  - aggressive, competitive, super political culture - management by fear and intimidation - if you are coming from a different industry or company, think twice or more, new people are easy target, you will not get help - the Microsoft values posted are the very things they don't practice - certain people make you think you're on Survivor, others make you feel you're in The Emperor's New Clothes - 12-14 hour days (and I'm in a non-tech role) - I was advised by well-intentioned colleagues to only do what's visible to execs in Redmond even when it means screwing your local team over, it's all about managing up just to survive - lack of guidance and direction, decision making is like throwing darts in the dark - read the other reviews on glassdoor
None None None None None
stack ranking process is awful. The people who spend the most time fighting for visibility do the best, not the people who are best at their jobs
Leadership team leaves a lot to be desired - many VPs are micromanagers and kill your creativity, too much inter-group rivalry and I-am-the-best-and-you-are-crap attitude.
If you wanna a good review score which means a slightly better bonus you have to work more than a lot = no work life balance ,-)
the administration is way too powerful and harmful to hitting objectives
Culture does not suit everyone
Review process is shocking, you are literally competing with your peers so you just don't want others to do well It's all about self promotion, you need to make sure you send out updates to the whole company to increase your visibility Spend way too much time in front of spreadsheets reporting on the business and not enough time with customers and partners Too focused on beating the competition rather than looking at what is best for the customer Field marketing teams focusing more and more on localisation of US creative Loss of autonomy for creative and innovative thinkers Low morale with staff
- Non-performing middle management are selffish and want only their pockets to fill. - They aren’t concerned about company’s wellbeing. - Indian management have an agenda of their own totally offline from real Microsoft’s vision. - It is sad to see the company you love and unable to do anything because we all know Indian management.
Huge company, slow to innovate, employee review system induces peer competition
I was doing night shift. Sometimes you dont get enough as technical guy until you grow with management ladder.
great pressure, and focus on the figures too much
Massive targets drive a lot of people to leave as it's nearly impossible to make your target.
If you are not working in Redmond, you will be ignored.
None experienced so far. Had the time of my life in this company.
Can be boring as hell.
limited opportunities for advancement unless you relocate to Seattle
Policy constraint on the job opportunity
- Management innitiate everyone, not you - Leadership rules everything
may face managerial probs sometime
* Night Shifts * Too much politics * No Work from home option
Work life balance does get tested. Some people don't respond as well to the constant high pressure drive for delivery. Everything has a metric.
I have been working here for past 3 years and there's too much work pressure. Get very less time for family. time mgmt needs to be better.
it's just too big to grow
Overly short term measured and scorecard driven.
The review system needs to relooked into
Everything happens very rapidly and if you cannot keep up you cannot survive in the company
Microsoft is renowned for its infamous politics and sadly it is true to a certain extent. However, more often than not people survive internal feuds and simply move on to alternative projects
Work Life balance goes for a toss
none as it is a great place
no cons as per my view.
work life balance is harder
by becoming a huge corporate change is slowing down
It takes a while to understand how things work and how a person can navigate the waters.
Too stressful and low salary
Some time very hectic schedule to meet deadlines
Some politics involved, small benefits such as gym expenses beeing reduced
1. Not so challenging task 2. Compensation
The work culture needs improvement.
The work culture needs improvement.
Not much career options internally. Politics at mid management and mid senior levels
Somestimes you have to make long hours
Weird culture, over-emphasis on technical talent, even in senior management jobs
-No one wants Microsoft products. Manager's would have to follow market leaders orders by essentially telling employees to stand in the hall and beg people to come in. -They will tell you that this is the best retail job ever. It's not about sales, its about the people. 100% inaccurate. It is 100% about sales. Just like every other retailer, there are sales metrics. The problem with the metrics at Microsoft is that they are unattainable. They give you quarterly goals that no store can reach so they won't have to pay out any bonuses. Its called their Own-It program. -Cons: If you happen to be the the one manager who's schedules follows one of the corporate rhythms, you will have to work every Fri, Saturday, & Sunday. -Higher ups tend to think that they know everything. They won't let change happen, even when their retail model is failing -Unprofessional working environment. They hire too young, and its like high school all over again. -The stores have around 30 promotions going at a time and always getting new ones. People don't remember all of them and they get yelled at for not knowing all of them.
Maybe the size of the organization slow things a bit.
there are no cons for this place
too slow reacting to market opportunities, performance review system
I cant think off anything which should be specified here. You should join the company to feel the difference.
SSP has difficult to engage Cx Level with no support from executives at MS
- you have to be an expert in politics to succeed - send right emails, "CC" right people, "BCC" right people, be always visible to management, etc... - Promotions are based on statistical distribution, forced down on teams...i.e. in the beginning of the year you know that 5% will over achieve, 5 will underachieve, etc... Management tries to hide this fact and will talk about obscure pillars and disciplines.. - promotions are rare, difficult and based on politics
I have not faced it yet
Too big for a Project Manager
Quotas and targets in recent years have been unrealistic. Even when someone accomplishes their goals despite the odds, very little recognition is given.
Cult-like atmosphere when Bill Gates appeared
unhealthy competition within the organization due to reviews and ratings system.
1. Very demanding working atmosphere. You always need to learn and grow. Just cannot relax. 2. Management can do a better job in retaining talent.
work life balance? forget it review system encourages backstabbing, cutthroat behaviour frequent reorgs
Large and slow moving company. Innovates but without a clear direction. Too many people/project so the scope of the work is very limited. Lacks a technical CEO.
Too big of a company and sometimes minutiae gets in the way. You have to learn to manage people well, but that's true in any place and any company.
a bit of more pressure than other companies, but the salary compensates it.
Too much bureaucracy Can be a bit too big at times
Nothing as such excepting that the consulting delivery can be made a bit better
Lot of politics People want to look good by making others look bad
At IGTSC, the management has gone from people to numbers, which changes its pro-people stance.
Very political environment - many dinosaurs in this company make it hard to do any real work as everyone is playing games to try to move up the ranks. This is particularly tough for new graduates as they are competing for air time with 15 year old dinosaurs who have strong connections with the SLT Unimaginative - Marketing spend is largely focused on dragging competitors' names through the mud and copying features and products
Not so open management, slow career developement
No cons to share at this moment
Lack the zeal of a startup
grilling projects and short deadlines
The pay for the position was laughably low given the requirements and expectations, and significantly lower than Microsoft's major competition. Many staff were temps brought on from agencies, who were strung along for months with no idea if/when they would ever be awarded full-time positions. Store management varied between absent, incompetent, childish, and downright awful human beings, and poisoned the working environment.
Very political, layered, and inefficient sales organization
It is extremely risk averse and its "licencing protection approach" is all pervasive throughout all business units. It is inflexible and run by the contract management group - very little decentralised business management. It is so tiightly wound, it does not see what is in the best interest of the customer.
way over worked, staff not ready to help new hires. poor internal organisational processes.
Tough environment. Very competitive. Too much red tape from Singapore. Cant get anything done. Feel like a useless cog pushing papers and reports.
During my years of working in Microsoft I haven't found any true "Cons", only challenges to overcome, like the huge information flow. Every day in Microsoft is a wonderful challenge. I've been to MSFT only a few years but only keep on going to be in shape and up for the challenges, loving it!
Work is mind numbingly boring. Lots of politics.
- management is running in their own world while employees do their own business -
Poor people management and slow career growth.
To many hidden agendas and to many "Egos"
To many hidden agendas and to many "Egos"
Excessive politics among mid-management, inconsistent group and product plans
It's a very big company... So the innovation could be tough to promote in some divisions.
too well structure and hierarchy, couldn't feel the passion about creativity or its own products
Lower management is not so great. The best managers likely get promoted very quickly. There is if you can't beat'em then join them mentality as managers tend to promote those that have followed them around. Sometimes new ideas are not as welcomed.
it is a huge company so sometimes making decision seems too late because they tend to wait until everything is ready.
nobody bothered about growth of the employee.. plus very little challenging work at the IT division.
lots of dependencies on other teams, long processes, slow to react
Work might get a little monotonous with time and growth is a tough task.
Very siloed management style which limits empowerment
Many projects in India are not core work
lack of support for staff
High pressure, more and more revenue driven. Quarterly reporting, forecasting, pipeline management is everything, at expense of customer relationship and long term outcomes. Some teams dysfunctional due to poor leadership, not being sorted out.
All about internal self promotion, not about the results you produced Management were all about themselves, covering their own backsides, disappearing when a deal went bad Bullying seemed to be the only way the inexperienced management could deal with the pressure from above 30-40% increase in Quota year on year - not sustainable...mmmmm Success measurements became all about complicated scorecarding, just make sure it is 'Green', "I do not care how you make it turn Green ?" What a pity because this was a great company to be associated with..... truly.
You are measured on everything and anything Focus is entirely on the current fiscal year In practice, the culture does not encourage co-operation, quite on the contrary
heavily priced at a wrong cost
re-orgs, strategy, interest, long distance
Bad work-life balance, Peer competition hurts
highly competitive can be a little like overwhelming at first
Long hours and tough deadlines put a dent in the social life, Ii found that when I got home I was too tired to do anything.
Work can be intense, gotta learn to manage time well in a fast paced environment.
Starting to get too big = slow
Quite political and sometimes doesn't feel like everyone is pulling in the same direction. Review system isn't great, can sometimes act unfairly to both high and low achievers which can impact bonuses and often success is very dependent on the product rather than the individual.
Too much politics in corporate environment
Too big and burochratic. We need to start to innovate again
Too much pressure and politics. You need to beat your band otherwise you cannot rise.
some nepitism, very "by the box" prescriptive process, want innovation and creative thinking but process and slow moving decision making is frustrating
The indian senior management is very bad. Almost lots of politics in the system and too slow. Blame game is very rampant. Not much good work happening in india.
Constant change in recent years (multiple managers, org names, and bad communication to field teams within my division). The changes, and direction of the company are moving in a good direction overall but change management needs a review.
A bit process heavy, especially on very old products
Do not give much importance to projects for deciding PPOs
Slow entrance to tablet and mobile markets
decision making centered in Redmond, not enough support to learn and grow
Bureaucracy and scorecard system too rigid...often stifles innovation.
I can't think of anything to say on this matter. Except maybe that it does not have any cons. Best Place to Work awards several years in a row make my point.
As with all large companies, some slow structural processes It can be a pressurised environment Politics can be rife in certain departments
Travel, travel, travel. A lot of internal processes that take time away from your primary job and don't seem to make sense to your job. Did I say travel?
Internal politics is terrible. Too much US centric.. Big company sick, too many meetings, performance review process is poor, could not well fit in to local env., too much windows focus.
Career can be challenging if you take the ownership
Not easy to make career moves within, not very challenging
Not easy to make career moves within, not very challenging
Not much career growth after SCON, lot of politics and show off required to survive if you want to survive be prepared to pull somebody down. your annual appraisal depends on stupid EM feedback (who knows nothing about delivery)
Teamwork destroying Stack Ranking Rewards for playing politics rather than doing a good job Mindless bureacracy and pointless processes Poor strategic direction Centralised control via inflexible scorecards. You expend effort on colouring in scorecards even when it is clearly the wrong use of resources
compensation may be bit on the down side if you are from IT background.
Too much Ego in some people even though respect for idea not very encouraged to implement them
Ability to take risk is being diminished
There is hardly any cons when you work with MS. Its world leader.
Senior Management out of touch, rating system means people compete with others instead of focusing on being an R & D success!
Global work setting can be very stressfull Annual Performance evaluation system is flawed
Lot of politics Lot of excel sheets floating around which need to be filled time and again Mostly internal focused instead of focusing on the customer
So-So conflicting culture at times
Stressful due to the constant shifting focus and huge scope of work. Frequent re-orgs.
Working pressure, too harsh and demanding
Tons of work, big compañías aré slow sometimes, You must be independent
IT's hard to get promot
Can be very political and competitive
Need to understand and use competitors products more need more people who are proactive/effective and not coasting/avoiding controversy
This is not what actual Microsoft is like
Not the most exciting work. Bureaucracy can be a little annoying at times. If you want your career to be exciting and take off, look elsewhere.
can get very stressful at crunch times
can get very stressful at crunch times
hard to get to higher positions
Compensation can be improved compared to Amazon and Google. Some teams have not very good quality work as one get to work on small part of a big product.
- Lot of politics at senior management - lot of not so good folks at senior management layer
The review system is Microsoft's achilles heel in terms of talent management. It favours those who are very good at working the system rather than doing an excellent job. This means that getting your bonus is based very subjectively depending on how well you get on with your boss and how well they get on with their boss. The scorecard mentality also put the focus internally rather than to the customer
If you are not promoted on a regular cycle, you are moved out of the company. Stack ranking creates a competitive environment that is detrimental to innovation and improvement.
Increasingly competitive and political culture for rewards given forced ranking performance system. Size can translate to an impersonal environment that is diminished in some teams, but exists across company. External impression is that there are endless budgets and resources to get work done, so leveraging experience at Microsoft into next role can be challenging if pursuing a small company opportunity.
Some BU has too much pressure on results, short term versus mid-long. Employee calibration too much standardized and impersonal, under some math rules.
less mentoring, not-so-good gender diversity.
to big for own good, very difficult to work within structure.
It is also very demanding
The salary was not very high
Not a management focused company. You need to pave your own way
No free food like other SV tech companies No open floors for open communication. Everyone's at his/her office so somewhat isolated from each other.
Work life balance can take a hit if you get night shifts
career opportunities are limited and probably will be a frustration in the near future
there is not enough learning environment for an intern/ fresh grad
Quotas don't always align with the market
No.as for me microsoft has no cons.no cons
change is the norm, it is a challenge to get everyone on the same page, requiring strong influence and impact skill , great communication and relationship building skill.
Projects often fall victim to politics Planning changes too frequently as management is in constant flux Too little attention is paid to user-centric design. Somehow groups of great individuals become terrible teams at Microsoft. Individuals can often gain greatly at the expense of a project or team. Very hard to be entrepreneurial. Great if you can follow the crowd.
hidden politics, too much flexibility can make you attach to the company ,)  salary looks low for MBA grads
Demanding company, usually requiring working extra hours and stretch targets.
Every team now has its own "platform". Each GM/PUM has his own fiefdom. Engery spent on maximize one's influence than the greater good of the company
No.as for me microsoft has no cons.no cons
Too much focus on numbers
Out of 15 years working at Microsoft the last few years were bad. My last manager was unable to communicate a consistent goal, and was surprised when 'the thing' she wanted done wasn't what she expected. Focus was on managing up rather than what the company needed to produce for happy customers.
You are disconnected from products.
work-life balance is almost non existent and it feels as if the organisation is purely scorecard driven now - nothing else matters apart from metrics
Corporate culture crazy review system and Too much process.
Sometimes the processes may delay the tasks.
The review system and title bloat, managing image more important than producing products people love. Management talent is not appreciated.
Score card led management of recent years
Microsoft has it's own unique way of doing things. It takes a while to learn how to get things done there. The review system is annoying and in my opinion really doesn't do much to drive great performance and really just leads to dissatisfaction with reviews.
Microsoft is very large and is not nimble anymore.
* work with smart people :p * politics, politics, politics. * some groups at MS are better than others for exciting projects
If you want to move up the ladder gotta go to Redmond Most interesting opportunities are in Redmond/Seattle Many folks live in the MSFT bubble and aren't as in tune with what's moving/changing in the tech world. When you're in a satellite office, it's hard to build relationships and get hallway/informal channel information
lot of work to do
bad food nearby the svc campus
Nothing really that I can think of.
some times clients are really silly and not professional a lot of low quality and cheep contractors makes it hard to hunt a job and make clients think that all contractors have low quality
Management could use some work. Some managers are complete inappropriate choices for people who are considered to lead employees and treat all employees with respect and equality. I know the saying is to leave your work at work and your home at home and we're all guilty of bringing one to the other but there's a line to it.
Bureaucracy is increasingly getting into way of reason and productivity, overall quality of work is decreasing, business groups are losing touch with partner channel. There is less trust within company and balance between thinking and doing is turning more to just doing. Open and honest discussion is not always welcomed as one could expect from corporate list of values.
work life balance is not good enough
Nothing which is big but of course everybody has some. I would mention the performance review changes made recently as not good. It all depends on your reporting manager only.
Review system forces individualism instead of team work.
Microsoft has a hard culture. There is more emphasis on the personal success vs. customer value, which results in some poor decision making and ugly politics. That said, they are learning and evolving....
Microsoft is such a big IT company - it builds products for almost all tech. Aligning all its products together for a common goal is one of the big daunting tasks for Microsoft.
Lack of vision at senior management
Till now I didn't find any cons in the company. Its really a great company to start with.
Horrible leadership, incentivized cowardice, and almost as bureaucratic as the federal government.
10 days only i join
I don't find any thing wrong here
If you want a challenging demanding job, might not be the right place. If you want to try many new things - then yes.
Very flat infrastructure making difficult the vertical career growth
Culture does not suit people who prefer to work alone Some areas of the company need to reskill appropriately As an employee your friends will constantly compare Microsoft products to Apple and Google!
Since the company was late to market with an the (truly awesome) Windows Phone, it's frustrating that so few people have discovered it. But word is spreading, so hopefully this will change soon!
Heavy politics. Sometimes it's hard for cross-group collaborations.
Quality of work is not good
this company is not the leader any more. no innovation and it is getting slow.
Metric driven, which tends to over dominate decision making
Lot of policities Really hard to grow
Nothing , carry on the momentum
While MSFT has abundant resources, they face the classic innovator's dilemma with large cash cows and falling stars that they are very afraid of cannibalizing...that means innovation is often slower and done with a weary, cautious eye.
Review system rewards people who are good at self promotion and find appropriate managers who can provide air cover regardless of actual results or business conditions. People who move into mid level management and above are incented to build empires at any cost. The most politically charged environment I've ever seen.
Politics influences annual revard way too much.
Process can make things hard at times. All strategy comes from corporate. Little ability to make a difference locally. A great place to work for Women, can be frustrating for men when you see an obvious emphasis on hiring Women into roles often with less skills/experience/capability.
Too much workload, Stressful, poor work environment
If you get suck with a bad manager, you are screwed.
Big company challenges and highly dynamic workplace. Reorganizations every 6 months.
Some teams are not good, either mediocre IC colleagues or bad manager or even both. This become not the place you want to work at.
Can get monotonous if you are not careful At times unwanted processes but I guess large companies will have those
Big company challenges and highly dynamic workplace. Reorganizations every 6 months.
career development very slow and difficutl
Review process with emphasis on making teams collide and fight against each other rather than collaborate.
stressful, poor work-life balance, always left the office with the impression that work wasn't done
Work & Life balance should be taken care for people in night shifts
Be more open, inclusive and transparent
work schedules are bit of hectic.
Too much competition internally. Work-life balance was't great - hours can be very long. Product innovation is slowing down.
- A lot of Microsoft teams need to clearly explain their business model to their employees. A lot of projects have this we willdo something and then figure out the business model.  - Sometimes there are too many ppl on a project, in general we can do with lesser people and take more risks  - The number of processes could be cut down to bring in more agility.
from the very begning me fell very ensecure here
Big company and lot of heirarchy
Crappy and dated people management philosophy. The company is rotting from the head and is handling middle age poorly. If there is no Ballmer transition plan already in the works -- they are probably in long term trouble.
Low and mid-level management are seriously useless. You can cut at least 2 managers out of 5 in a group. HR is totally invisible and of no use at all. They are in tie-ups with Management for performance reviews. Instead of empowering and helping employees, they side with the management and are of little use to an average employee.
sr. leadership company strategy many ideas, but cannot get big things through well
the competetion is very strong
Can be strangely competitive due to opaque performance ranking process that pits staff against one another, consistent unrealistic forecasting leads to wasted time and efforts as teams throw everything at trying to hit impossible targets, long-term strategy is sometimes forsaken for immediate results, attached to the product at the expense of the consumer.
not innovative anymore and no one work with each other anymore.
Compensation - They pay good compared to peers. Internal Change - The process of internal change of team makes the employee to resign by force by current manager, depending upon ego of manager.  If you are not mine, you can't be of others also. :)
review system can cause competition instead of cooperation
Zero to no work-life balance which can be tough enough going at time Highly competitve environment which is generally good but can have a negative impact, especially since there's no incentive for people to work together.
Too many re-orgs. Political game during performance review season. It's basically a top-down decision making process. Sometimes just ignore the voice from our users.
The key problem is that the company lost true leaders and the existing ones have been wildly praising their own importance by over-exaggerating anything that may sound nice. This cultivated truly ego-centric behavior (was there before, but not that dramatic!!), completely misaligned with original values that focused on teamwork and actual achievements. Biggest priority became is how you report, make an excellent selling story and present to the management without sound criticism and deep insights. Showing off and influencing others for bad decisions became the core competence. Anything or anyone who moves to get this bubble transparent and facts-measured is obstructed and often destroyed at early stage. Amazing sensitivity and aggression for changing marketing agencies also had a bad smell. In a nutshell, big investment in HR branding, real disappointment in doing real job.
Permanant night shift. No rotation
According To me No One.....
- An ocean so you may get lost
-There are no such cons
It is a slow moving beast, and bureaucracy can get in the way of getting things done.
Nothing, if you like working. Vending machine eats my change every once-in-a blue.
Too many people who's only skill is to work the internal politics rather than trying to give benifit to the custoemrs and partners
Hard to manage your work time.
haven't found many problems to fill out in this section.
the size of the company makes it hard to keep up with all the cahnges
Politics and opinions can hurt you on occasion, they do sometime let poor management make poor decisions and support the managers over the teams. Like any office, politics are there. Even if people know you do great work, if one person has a poor opinion you can sometimes be shunned unexpectedly.
Best company for any employee , who is working on MS technologies. and also gives permission to download all software.
You must be in the inner circle of your boss's clan. Else no matter what you do, u wont get good rating. No need to work hard, some just darn lucky to be parasite and get all the good sales and overachieve without doing much. Some been in MS for more than 5 years, act as if they are the smartest and pretend charming, but inside is full of evil thoughts. in another words, very political (Come on, u think Sinofsky wanna take a break?)
When some problem are related, the Management of Microsof ignores.
Hierarchical org structure and the infamous stack ranking system
most positions only in Redmond/Bellevue, because of Microsoft strategy you cannot use many interesting open-source technologies and have to work with those developed in Microsoft, which may not be so valuable if you later want to change company
You must be in the inner circle of your boss's clan. Else no matter what you do, u wont get good rating. No need to work hard, some just darn lucky to be parasite and get all the good sales and overachieve without doing much. Some been in MS for more than 5 years, act as if they are the smartest and pretend charming, but inside is full of evil thoughts. in another words, very political (Come on, u think Sinofsky wanna take a break?)
Large company that is silo'd and getting things done across groups or divisions can be challenging and at times frustrating.
most positions only in Redmond/Bellevue, because of Microsoft strategy you cannot use many interesting open-source technologies and have to work with those developed in Microsoft, which may not be so valuable if you later want to change company
Makes you too comfortable in life
not really .everything seems good i think
terrible people,age old policies, no respect for the women candidates
Eventually, politics will hinder your creativity, how you want to do things vs how your boss wants to do things.
call center is best for part time people
work schedule was hard to keep
Not as cool as the other companies. Too much management overhead, too many re-organizations
Lackluster compensation plan, outdated performance review standards and a fiercely competitive environment make career growth almost impossible.
Increasing politics at middle management Feedback is not encouraged unless it is positive
fast paced, tight, stiff, commute
There are too many people. The company lower the bar in hiring. The politics things happen all around the company.
Very stressful. Managers are not professionally trained and do not seem accountable for decisions effecting employees. Long term career paths are not clear.
Revenue.... Revenue.... Revenue. ... always revenue
Work deadline at times can be short and workload adding up.
Too much internal fighting, more competition with folks inside rather than outside, too PM focused, weak leadership promoting mediocre culture, too many non-code writing folks creating useless processes to prove their worth in-turn slowing down the company
Performance review process is a little crazy - managers have to identify a weak 10% and force good employees out. So teamwork is always accompanied by looking over your shoulder and trying to get noticed. Getting noticed by other managers, establishing a reputation, is more important than any actual work you do. There are plenty of people who play this game well. Also, work life balance was always off (too much work, if that wasn't clear).
Very political environment. Advancement not based on what you know or can contribute but on who you know. The environment inside the company is dog-eat-dog. For each person who gets a "good" performance review, an equal number of people must recieve a "bad" performance review. This leads to cutthroat internal competition, a lack of empathy or friendship in the office, and generally an unfriendly environment. High turnover- "burn and turn" philosphy
less ownership fewer opportunities to innovate more or less flat learning curve
A bit too beurocratic in its operation
The review system is very discouraging: a large chunk of the employee base will get a dispiriting message every year and there's no real (economic) benefit to being on a high-performing team.  Though large, Microsoft is insular when it comes to its own technologies and products. It's hard to maintain or grow your skills outside of the MS ecosystem without a lot of isolated effort.  Huge legacy and installed user base size creates a lot of inertial that makes innovation harder. This applies to both the products themselves and the processes/tools used to create them.
1-Work Life Balance is a focus area for the company, but almost impossible to maintain a workweek less than 50-60+ hours, or you will not be regarded as a hard working employee. Nighttime work is the norm. It is about how late can you stay up and still show up at work in the morning. 2-Very tough review system, everyone is smart and start playing games to get ahead of each other. Some people get unfair reviews if they are managing up or spend significant amount of time on office politics 3-Random firedrills are a culture, being planful is almost penalized, as plans do not stick and you end up spending all the time to be proactive and planful and not getting the benefit.
Higher level management in customer service does not put focus on cooperation with local business stakeholders. All the new programs are comming from US.
Lagging to google lack of innovation
A big company, so it takes a lot of work to make an impact. This con is a positive con!!
Night Shifts are challenging sometimes.
Long hours and extremely high expectations. Over the years it has become increasingly corporate and less like the adventurous, fun place to work. Too many internal politics make the stress not worth the shrinking benefits and lagging salary.
Long hours off work sometimes
no cons absolutely nothing, it's an amazing company, no complaints
Online Services Division (Bing, MSN, Advertising Solutions) in a trailing market position, and morale suffers from that and stigma of large operating losses. Large division size and functional specialization make it difficult to absorb market dynamics and "move fast and iterate".
Victim of its own success, Microsoft tends to build software as if all teams were building Office or Windows.
MS word , MS office , med. power
Working overtime, High pressure, Intense competition for promotion,
shrinking health benefits, and a lot of politics
Too big organization to be effective and fast reacting
Good Good Good Good Good
Little late to respond to market dynamics.
MS Research Asia only has strong groups in some area, but not my area.
work life balance, deadlines, deliverables
Long hours, but worth it.
Working environment and Salary is mind blowing.
work pressure is very high
- Products might not be competitive in the market. - Many changes as the company is going more on consumer side
microsoft is batter but more incrise by doing wonderful perrformence.
The stack ranking system rewards bad behavior. Getting noticed is what drives up your performance review, not doing the work on your desk, and I've seen good people go under because of it. The system just isn't incentivized to reward mentoring and people management. My two best people managers were cast out of the company, despite getting consistently high rankings from their employees and mentoring the shining stars on our team. It's just not valued, and it takes an individual's effort to buck the trend. If you're management doesn't choose to be invested in you, then you're stuck.
As a huge organization sometimes things are more complicated for getting out to user. Also, business division instead of sharing common grounds compete with each other as different companies.
-Terrible review system. You may get a "5" because of circumstances and not because you did a poor job. A "5" can expect to be out the door in a few months. -Will not address root cause of problems. Projects grouped into a program were having trouble being successful. Instead of looking at the bad decisions and poor support from the program office, blame fell 100% on the individual project managers. -Need to spend time on "think teams" which generally do not add anything to work life. Most people in Consulting Services participate in think teams because it is part of their commitments even though they realize it is wasted time. -Professional Development Managers, in general, do not know how to manage or help their charges be successful. -Project Managers are either working 70 hours/week and burning out or less than half-time and not making their billable quota. Project Managers have little to no control over getting work, yet their bonus and review depend greatly on that utilization number.
Extremely competitive culture, "sink or swim" approach for industry hires, some stratification in upper management levels, slow to respond to industry challenges
Work life balance hard to achieve.
- making industrial impact required lot of buecracy-managment skills
Many unnecessary rules and regulations
Work life balance depends on each team, and sometimes it is not really good
Not enough practice of teamwork. Need to be very strongly self-motivated.
In remote locations you can feel disconnected from management.
Several layers of middle management
There is a lot of red tape, and silence on important issues. The training you get is the wrong training, unless you're getting technical training. Redmond is the center of the company, and if you want to do something important, you need to be in Redmond.
Everybody tries to save their own self Little blame game Limited opportunity for mavericks and firefighters 90% time wasted in meetings and writing mails to superiors so that they understand
As in any large company, you cannot change everything you want. Also, politics may come into play from time to time
Can be very (Redmond) US centric
Politics and personal perceptions in HR trump performance.
- Difficult for talented fresh out of school engineers to grow quickly
recently not much innovation, not very high pay.
Politics can consist of as much as 50% of the work for anyone in management.
Extremely competitive environment. Technical skills alone do not determine growth, people skills sometimes overshadow the technical depth.
The work can be challenge, so it is quite common to work overtime, Communication between different departments can be difficult
If you aren't with Sales or Marketing, there is very little space for you there. Also, bonus involves lots of politics as performance is attributed along a fixed curve (i.e., only X people get one rate, Y people get another rate and Z people MUST get a bar review. As they say in poker, if you don´t know after some time who is the fool, the fool is you. So, if after some time working for MS you don't know who is going to get the bad review, it is probably an indication you are the one.
1) Schedules can get a little tight sometimes. Might have to work on weekends sometimes then, 2) Changing teams can be a bit of a pain.
- Not all teams have work which can be called good. maybe 1 in 10 gets a chance to work in good product. - Quantitiy of work is too much(Not quantity), work life balance will get screwed big time. - WFH options is not as flexible. - Too much peer competetion. - Pays good, but not that much to work you ass off all the time. - Only old timers keep getting all the hike and bonuses.
- Not all teams have work which can be called good. maybe 1 in 10 gets a chance to work in good product. - Quantitiy of work is too much(Not quantity), work life balance will get screwed big time. - WFH options is not as flexible. - Too much peer competetion. - Pays good, but not that much to work you ass off all the time. - Only old timers keep getting all the hike and bonuses.
You need to follow your boss or you cant survive there. Boos is always right :)
Work life balance, if you dont land a right manager (ie. a true leader), it can be a challenging experience
layoffs every year , Cut throat policy , company of Politicians, Standard of people are also coming down. There are three division and they sell as unique brand but it is not all same. Very scary environment as layoffs are more frequent.
Process has become heavy, internal struggles among the top-most leadership have worn thin.
- Favouritism (Getting a promotion can be as difficult as reaching a star, seriously) - Lack in openess - Work Life Balance can be hit anytime - You'll work only in MS technologies - Low salary as compared to those who are in product (even freshers earn more) - Too much level mismatch and thus disparity across MS divisions (in some department freshers are at much higher level than here (Level starts with 55 (usually 2+ years of experience)))
Products don't seem to be metric focused enough Management expects teams to resolve issues and team expects management to resolve it
I don't have any cons.
there are no cons at working with manjot as far as i know which is a lot. if you want to know more see for yourselves.
Management slow to change, the review system has to go, poor alignment between P&L's and SMS/G.
Management is very bad. Work environment is not good for the people People who don'tknow T of technology are getting promoted for getting numbers and buttering Work is not appreciated No play only and only work.
High pressure on all employees, outside the US the workload is huge
Not favourable for people with less experience. Engineering/Management graduates in non-tech teams have problems getting absorbed.
Like any business there are ups and downs... here there just a lot more ups than downs.
Very top-down style of management. Compliant, "teacher's pet" attitude highly rewarded. Dog-eat-dog culture. Can't trust anybody, co-workers or managers. No real life/work balance.
- Tons of Internal Politics - Despise for hacker culture
Lots of processes, stock-based compensation is limited compared to companies whose stock price actually changes, not headquartered in Silicon Valley, often limited to its proprietary technologies
problem of big companies - management indolence, work life balance
Forcing the at least few percentage of people to low rating even if he/she has done amazing job but comparatively less than others in the group.Is bad.People always will be in fear.
Stack ranking sucks extremely quarter driven which sometimes dilutes long term focus
Growing bureaucracy, growing focus on short term revenue
team leads are not very good. Most are just trying to get promoted to the next level.
India center is more of an outsourcing center than a real product business center. None of the Leaders have good understanding of business. Product/Charters are very shallow compared to head office. At time it is just for the heck of it products are being done here  CEO has to be a technology guy and should be able to deal with internal politics between presidents
Politics Flat Stock Follower mentality Red Tape Slow to promote
bureaucracy, boring small tasks, review policy
not focused on solutions, too much focus on UX than strategy
Needs to keep being updated
Lots of competition, vertical movement is difficult. Usually have to move out to move up. Stack ranking can work against you if you're a solid performer but not ambitious (department dependent). If you are ambitious then get in line. Work/life balance will likely suffer if you want to move up the chain.
Headquartered in Redmond, Washington. Should open more teams in the Silicon Valley apart from MSR and BIng.
work life balance dealing with politics after every re-org
Work long hours Highly competitive Sometimes have to work in not good products like FIM, BizTalk Very poor performance evaluation system where bottom 5% of employees are put on performance improvement or kicked out. Another 15% get less than 50% bonus.
It's difficult to be productive because too many people get in the way. With so many smart people and reviews that use forced bell curves, employees feel pitted against each other and many resort to political infighting rather than making decisions that are best for the company. It's also difficult to move up because Microsoft often values hiring external people for management roles but will shuffle the internal people around for lateral moves.
not enough aaggresive in approach
Lots of in-fighting, review system stinks,
I don't see a big con working for Microsoft. It's a great company. May be it can provide more growth options for the senior people.
Career opportunities are less. Only college hires have more importance
Big company - the whole employee review system is really bad and it is very subjective.
Collaboration not easy. Insufficient local empowerment.
Company is too big and this often leads to loss of productivity
Working long hours. High stress especially in sales roles. Lots of complexity and ambiguity. You have to really know how to navigate Microsoft to be successful. Promotions are few even when exceed goals.
Working long hours. High stress especially in sales roles. Lots of complexity and ambiguity. You have to really know how to navigate Microsoft to be successful. Promotions are few even when exceed goals.
Too many layers of decision making.
lots of unpredictable work harms WLB
Huge company, so promotions (as opposed to sideways moves) can be difficult as you are always going to be competing against a large number of other people. Pay is also not the best, but that's made up for by the excellent working lifestyle and number of opportunities available.
Hero-driven culture, long working hours
no words to share for this iam sorry
Lots of processes and typical silos associated with large corporations.
Management talent is severely lacking Unashamedly progression is about 'who you know' Office politics is out of control Most actions from a meeting = have another meeting
Full of mean managers and immoral things, no ethics "Only thing we know is Billing of resources" 1500 hrs billing is only thing matters, if not, get low rating and next year, get fired!". Developers may go in testing ! Growth depends on visibility not talent.
Lot of competition, career growth can be slow due to the size of the company
cant get much hold on business decisions
Very political, both within group and cross-group
As any big company it can take time to take decisions or move forward
None that I can think of
Review process is subjective and political KT's goal-setting is primarily designed to minimize achievement/bonuses Under-invests in sales field (i.e. doesn't provide marketing tools, etc)
Employee review system is political, demoralizing and can create a hostile environment. Doggy-dog. Some managers have extremely poor people skills and are unfit to lead.
no cons .. better tan many companies .. you need to continuously prove yourself and being visible to get on.
Everything. You can find 1 manager out of 100 who knows anything about technology. Helping each other is NOT supported. Why help others?
Nothing to share in this site
Sometimes feels like a lack of developer level innovation
No career growth. MSIT-India is not Microsoft.
some politics exist in some teams, which ruined the culture.
Sometimes feels like a lack of developer level innovation
lots of work to do. If you are in the least bit lazy, it'll show.
Can be a 'who you know' rarher than a 'what you know culture'.
LOT of politics and fiefdoms. Half the time is spent focusing on perception management versus doing your actual job. The situation is rather dire in the marketing org.
Maybe not have some innovcations, but it is still good to work with
promotion is limit because the size of t team
The stifling bureaucracy and politics risks killing whatever passion is left.
1. Pay could be better
I can't think of any cons
Nothing to me! But you may fell in love with it... :)
Change in focus and re-organizations due to frequent management change.
Microsoft can be an extremely competitive environment. The annual review process is subjective and often unfair. There are always less top performance slots than there are top performers. The working environment is also often demanding, requiring employees to sacrifice personal and family time in order to ensure success of the business.
lacking in innovation and risk taking
Seattle weather, nothing I can think of othewise
Rat race between peer employees
Competitive culture as a result of review system that stack ranks employees against each other. This alone is the most disheartening aspect of working at Microsoft as excellent performers can get average rankings since they are compared to other excellent peers. It also causes a lot of politics in the name of "visibility". Too much focus on internal politics and measures lead to an incredible amount of time spent on internal meetings and focus.
Big company, so lots of beaurocracy. Work politics is big, but it really is a good company to work for.
Some teams are less flexible than others
Workplace located faraway from the city of Copenhagen, but good transporation though
Sometimes get lost due to the suze of the company
Review time can be stressful, but overtime one can grow and learn from their reviews.
Obviously the performance review model at Microsoft is far from perfect. The idea behind it is not entirely bad I think, but in reality, it is not working as supposed. The entire teams can be ranked lower because the higher management has changed and has different priorities now or values different kind of work.
Some teams are less flexible than others
- A lot of bad and ruthless Managers - crooked and corrupt - Visible favoritism - Lack of transparency - Limited career growth if one doesn't get into the favored book, - Reviews entirely in your manager's hand and the opinion he and his peers project of you which means really capable employees could be severely punished and not so competent people get good reviews because of the lack of checks for the decisions taken by the immediate manager - Except Top man and a few others, the majority of leaders are also incapable, biased, responsible for a lot of the bad and have little management experience. However top man seems to get taken for a ride by these bad people. He is a man of principles and really needs to rein in these abusers.
If you dont like your team, you won't be happy working there
Office politics, slow growth, not so great products- compared to competition
heavy process, so slow down the speed of product release
Huge company means there are political challenges
not always very big impact. there really isn't very much to complain about though. working for microsoft, so it's a big company with massive bureacracy and many meetings
too mature, lack of big growth opportunities. politics ..
You have to make a good work-life balance since the workload is heavy
The downside? I do not find, feeling all good!
Hours are long sometime. Process can get in the way of getting things done on occasion, but there will be issues no matter what company you work for.
I do not think there is a negative side to the company
Long hours. High stress. The malignancy of the stack rank. You're graded on the curve, so self-promotion is nearly as important as doing your job. If you don't know how the review process works behind the scenese you're often screwed over and don't even know it. Pathetic executives - Ballmer, Turner, Brummell.
they have none really.. they are great
The realization that one is the smart brings a bit of arrogance in culture
The annual review system forces all employees to a curve. A certain percentage must get a very poor rating every year - whether they deserve it or not. Depending on your group, this can lead to cut-throat competition, as people compete for a good rank, since you are pitted against your peers. This system rewards and recognizes self-promoters at the expense of quieter, but solid contributors. You never feel like you've done enough and can relax.  Poor work/life balance. Microsoft is stubbornly reluctant to open up to working from home, when many other companies have already embraced it. There is a well worn sentiment internally that we tout software that helps remote teams collaborate, yet we refuse to.  Consultants are expected to travel 100% (Mon-Thu) with little flexibility or sympathy for its impact on their personal lives. Management sentiment is that you can't complain because you get paid well. You do (and your bonus depends on your hours), but they get zero points for sensitivity.  Most of the pressure to be on site every week comes from our own management, even when customers are flexible.  Consultants have a quota of billable hours to meet annually. This quota does not include travel time, which you have to make up.  There is a strong Kool-Aid atmosphere. The sense of blind passion often feels phony, as if we're all trying to act out our slogan. Internal training videos remind us how excited we are about our products and what we can do to share that excitement. Probably because of the ranking system, people compete to out-passion each other and everything is "awesome". I've seen consultants express regret at the cancellation of a high profile status meeting. It just feels fake, but I understand where it comes from. If you're not passionate enough, you might not get a good rating. I don't think this is a heathy culture. Real passion and excitement comes with a counterdose of skepticism and criticism. The latter is conspicuously rare. Senior management must understand that merely soliciting feedback and holding open office hours is not enough when you have the cloud of a ranking system hanging over your head. This is the root of a lot of problems.
You have to be patient - it's a big company.
There is some big pressure on you, whether it is explicit or implicit. Well, there aren't any other relevant cons for me.
Very fast paced work environment, sometimes work life balance can get disturbed.
nothing downsides to work in microsoft
heavy process, tough competition, lots of people with opinions
Read the articles in the Seattle Times and Vanity Fair about how they stack rank employees and push 10% to the bottom. Great talented people are mass exiting.
Rather competitive environment. Top management values sometimes are not aligned with danish ones.
Flamboyance & connections mostly take you far! No place for a silent galdiator.
Evaluation is based on visibility and impact on the org rather than technical / hands- on skills.
Too many layers of management. No creative innovative channels for developing new work methods
Not so great Senior Leadership, they do not have vision for great improvement Long hours of work (this can be bit flexible though) Lengthy & boring commitments, will be a useless process for Individual Contributors
Way too many people needs to be convinced for a project to fly.
Rather competitive environment. Top management values sometimes are not aligned with danish ones.
Zero work life balance, insane performance review system with a forced ranking system which makes everyone competitive instead of collaborative, ruthless managers who don't care about your career and will not let you move to another group/country. No shift premium / extra pay for overtime /odd hours worked.
Sometimes lot of processes need to be followed like any other big firm can hold you back a bit. Huge process of performance review etc can look frustrating and hard to understand.
- You really need to go above and beyond to get notices - If you're into the technology more than soft selling more of it to the customer you're going to be an underperformer - if you do not want to relocate to one of the major work centers (e.g. Redmond) you're going to top out - work / life balance can be tricky especially if you work out of a home office, if you let it get away from you, you may be expect to "be online" all the time because every device you own puts you online at a moment's notice
Politics, internal focus,management and information systems. Structure and overview.
Less availability of advanced / core features at IDC
Politics is getting worse, Review process sucks
- none - none - none - none - none
High pressure, high performance required to succeed
Engineering culture, while got dramatically improved through last decade, still not quite adequate to the company's mission-critical role.
All depends on you, everything is up to you. There is one of the wildest work environments.
Business process may kill innovation
aristocracy, not competent personal trainer, one way comunication
1. Too much bureaucracy at times. 2. working with teams across continents and different time zones can sometimes be a pain.
poor in research and ideation
The nature of the business means that you have to be willing to work in night shifts and it could be quite stressful at times. The other aspect is the work life balance that one needs to strike in support roles which are quite demanding.
Stock price has not climbed in the past 10 years. This should change soon
Hard work (that pays off), long days and weeks....it's a life style that you need to enjoy...
Nothing specific has been observed.
i dont see much cons but may be as a fresher you can get better options than Microsoft
Perks declining Management getting worse Feel like a number
High travel. Work life balance is encouraged but it is difficult to maintain if you want to be a top performer.
Too much pressure on the developer.
Many roles are pointless Too many cliques Internal processes slow everything down Like all big companies, a lot of internal politics
Performance review cycle and forced curve.
realy don't know what to say. i love work with Microsoft.
Moving to upper levels requires too much politics.
Line managers do not exhibit leadership qualities, practice MICRO management and lack of self-confidence. Low pay scale as compared to market standard. Odd working hours. NO PERKS for night allowance.
Line managers do not exhibit leadership qualities, practice MICRO management and lack of self-confidence. Low pay scale as compared to market standard. Odd working hours. NO PERKS for night allowance.
too much politics, dead wood (totally useless senior management), too much back stabbing
Employee becomes expert only in Microsoft technologies. But not outside ones
Poor leadership. Always late to market with products and services. Staff not appreciated. Work/Life balance improper. Arbirtrary and inconsistent staff evaluation process. Nepotism regularly practiced.
Need to improve English speaking and listening
Most jobs within Microsoft mean too much work and stress, which has serious effects on work/life balance, although they struggle to improve that. In most cases, there is no such thing as leaving the work in the office - you take it with you everywhere... Another thing i didn't appreciate was how one bad manager can ruin entire teams and make the good people leave.
Sometimes too many initiatives are going on at the same time, everyone's trying to get their project in on the priority list. The calibration process isn't fun and not always fair, merits can be dependent on you working on the right project at the right time.
Constant management changes can affect your career opportunities.
The review model and the ensuing politics is really brutal. It hurts the company tremendously and makes it a bad place to work, as it is in your best interest to NOT help your co-workers and, to cut down your co-workers at every opportunity (as that puts you higher in the stack ranking). That does not result in a healthy work atmosphere.
Email culture is crazy. Get the wrong boss and you are in deep trouble. Occasionally can be a bit of a cult. The use of email is also a little crazy- people continue to do it in meetings which negatively affects quality of discussion. There is also an unspoken expectation that you are on line all the time- not great for work and life balance
Graveyard shifts. Hell lot of pressure. there was a time when people used get 1 case a day or 2. Now 10-20 cases per day
As internatioinal emplouee not working in USA or Redmond, the working invironment is not always good comparing to other international company.
Few really bad managers who are non technical and don't value good work
Benefits are going away, Managers are not really interested in your growth, they pretty much determine your path
- The work progress is VERY slow and most of the day is spent over emails and meetings - Very little interaction with your manager and your team - Email based communication turns people very formal and cold to each other in personal interaction - Degrading attitude to contractors - Peers that work beside you, doing the same job, but getting a very cold treatment (e.g aren't invited to trips)
Review system is unclear and subjective. Stack ranking sucks. I mean: if your whole team is exceeding it never means everyone in the team get "exceeded". Managers explain that they have to assing different marks to the whole team so that the average was stable. Lots of attention is paid to newly learned term "visibility" which in short means that it is much more important to broadcast than to deliver, and the success is measured baised on your broadcasting.
Bright, shiny object managment style at times. Lots of moving from crisis to crisis, without thinking about how to make things better overall. There can be a little too much internal competition at times
compliance & fears rules more than the competence or performance in the last years no articulated vision & strategy, company declared values are less and less manifested
1. Too much politics, particularly in the Management chain. Some of GMs and Directors were known miserable frontline managers yet grew because they had the right connections and played their cards well. They are a disgrace to be called Leaders. They have only grown their equally incompetent managers into roles of responsibility. They have a free hand and misuse there powers regularly with no checks at all in place. All sorts of bias in place - regional, caste, language, diversity just to name a few. 2. Performance reviews have nothing to do with performance, they are only about having more managers on your side in the calibration and supporting lies they can tell. The Microsoft performance framework isn't bad in itself, with all companies having some sort of a curve. It's the local misuse which is disgusting. 3. HR function has no control to ensure fairness. Corp doesn't care either in spite of repeated value and ethics violations by these so called leaders and being repeatedly brought out through employee surveys 4. Limited career growth opportunities within and external due to support tag. Internal Job openings are opened later, people to be hired identified first. No respect within other MS orgs for GTSC employees. 5. Offer seems very rosy initially and the brand sells it. It's only once you're in and take a couple of years to understand the game being played in the background, do you wake up. By then you're rusted out and worthless compared to the industry. Only way to succeed is be like these people, back stab your peers, do little yet project lots, leave your ethics and values outside the door, have sugar daddies who matter on your side, etc. etc. 6. Biggest career limiting move you can make - join the IGTSC
You have to pick the right opportunity that knocks then you will excel.
1. Too much politics, particularly in the Management chain. Some of GMs and Directors were known miserable frontline managers yet grew because they had the right connections and played their cards well. They are a disgrace to be called Leaders. They have only grown their equally incompetent managers into roles of responsibility. They have a free hand and misuse there powers regularly with no checks at all in place. All sorts of bias in place - regional, caste, language, diversity just to name a few. 2. Performance reviews have nothing to do with performance, they are only about having more managers on your side in the calibration and supporting lies they can tell. The Microsoft performance framework isn't bad in itself, with all companies having some sort of a curve. It's the local misuse which is disgusting. 3. HR function has no control to ensure fairness. Corp doesn't care either in spite of repeated value and ethics violations by these so called leaders and being repeatedly brought out through employee surveys 4. Limited career growth opportunities within and external due to support tag. Internal Job openings are opened later, people to be hired identified first. No respect within other MS orgs for GTSC employees. 5. Offer seems very rosy initially and the brand sells it. It's only once you're in and take a couple of years to understand the game being played in the background, do you wake up. By then you're rusted out and worthless compared to the industry. Only way to succeed is be like these people, back stab your peers, do little yet project lots, leave your ethics and values outside the door, have sugar daddies who matter on your side, etc. etc. 6. Biggest career limiting move you can make - join the IGTSC
You have to pick the right opportunity that knocks then you will excel.
to big, too much politics
Lost it's way and has reacted very poorly to growth of tablets
there are too many org changes. not much importance on current delivery
The self-analysis at Microsoft never stops. There are only a few months out of the year when you're not writing your commitments (goals), reviewing your performance against them, completing the company poll, reviewing the poll results, etc.
A lot of work to do, not so good work/life balance
not sure about if we can be leader in 5 years type A aggressive personality culture
politics, lack of strong women leaders, too many meetings, engineers run the company
Opportunity to innovate is hard to come by
Not intelligent Managers. Too much of buttering.
Very competitive environment where peers gets calibrated against each other. Difficult to maintain a fair work life balance. Constant requirement to move to the next level.
You can get stuck if you are just average. Env in a few groups is pretty toxic - same group indulge in empire building.
Maybe the working environment can get some improvement. For instance, the air condition in working place is not that good.
Large organization with all that entails.
The review system needs to go. It's like rolling the dice and then when it's all done you have to "own the message" even if you don't agree with it.
Calibration/stack ranking model is as bad as recent articles suggest. It opens the door for cronyism, and major subjectivity regardless of how well you do your job. Be prepared to be a political person - know who to be close to, etc. If you don't want that, look elsewhere because the culture has unfortunately become exactly that.
Opportunities for growth are limited outside Redmond. Development/Processes are getting faster and more agile, but still Far from ideal.
1. People don't think Microsoft is a cool company any more. 2. Like any big companies, bureaucracy is unavoidable. 3. It's not very innovative. It's not very agile in terms of responding to market opportunities.
Based in Seattle area and is very PNW-centric. Stack ranking. Ineffective middle managers. Politics. Commitment more to meeting individual review goals than best interest of company.
difficult to carve out your identity in such a big organization
A huge organization comes with significant process overheads. Career growth not uniform across different product teams. Microsoft technologies rarely used elsewhere in the world - so some of the experiences would not count elsewhere.
Pretty aggressive which impacts the work life balance at times
BIG and slow - decision making is a very long process and involves way too many "stakeholders" External perception Review system (and I am in HR) Culture is very "me-centric" and that is directly related to the performance management system. Forced distribution will create this type of behavior
1) No work life balance 2) extremely aggressive organization 3) High pressure
-seattle -LIfers that have never worked anywhere but microsoft (so strange) -horrible culture -jealousy -creative black hole -seattle
- Microsoft does NOT do a great job training business people - as opposed to their technical expertiese - Microsoft services is a second class citizen to the product groups - Too heavy reliance on partners versus devleoping organic capabilities and scaling Microsoft in specific strategic markets
where to begin -The most useless part of organization comprised of people with zero knowledge of business or desire to know the business. Most people came here straight from school and have made a good living by locking themselves in their office and newer people are straight from research vendors who know very little about what business impact means. Those that have more significant experiences either quickly leave or eventually sell out to this dysfunction kool-aide. If you come from significant client/company side experience, this is NOT the place for you. Only a handful of people come from true client/company side experience. most come from useless market research vendors. -Do not be fooled by buzz words they'll tell you like "business impact, strategic, consultative." This is a group of folks who don't know business fundamentals let alone marketing fundamentals. Worst is they create useless work to "teach" these skills to grown-up, experienced professionals. Is this elementary school? That's right. i'm referring to scenario presentations. -All or most have inferiority, insecurity, and anti-social complexes. no wonder the BG shuts them out. -Absolutely worthless leadership. How many GM's and Sr. Directors does it take to run a corporate satisfaction tracker? Lazy, out of touch, in it for themselves, narcissitic, insecure - good descriptors of these folks. -Never have i been to a place where it's accepted, embraced, and verbalized that you won't make any impact, wont contribute to the business, and it's a hard culture but embrace it. -no one in their rightful, logical, intelligent, and professional mind would say this function and group is right, makes sense, or has potential. This is a wasteland and you will be taking a major backtrack in your professional career no matter what they tell you about how fancy "Microsoft" will look on your resume or how good the perks and benefits are. Do not do this to yourself.
Strong culture, for the good and for the bad. You need to work for your boss more than for the company. With no networking you are nothing.
Manager has full control over u.
Too many organisational changes leads to an unrest in one's career growth out here.
Job is Stressful and the review system makes it mroe stressful
some favoritism, politics, introducing the 'how' in the evaluations may leave employees performance to some bad bosses subjectivity and personal opinions
Playing politics is often rewarded more than contributing to the business. Many many non-technical middle managers who design processes that get in the way more often than not.
- different groups are driven by different commitments - disconnect between tops and the field
work life balance and new employment opportunities
The review model, lack of work-life balance, and bloated org size make it incredibly difficult to get things done or take intelligent risks.
Can't take vacation in the second half of each month because the product goes into pre-lease stage at this time. Do they really have no one to take over my stuff while I'm on vacation?
poor labor contracts, inaccuracy in facing quick challenges, poor constructiveness in the cooperation on managerial level, inadecvate representation of company values in public sector
Badly need to have some good people in the Management to save this company, to stop people and companies attrition.
competitive environment, work life balance
Unhealthy work environment, The so called "stack-ranking" in evaluating people's performance makes everyone your competitor and anemy. There is no stimulus to work and collaborate as a team. Many managers are not too-competent. In many teams quality is not valued.
Challenge jobs, high quotas for sales and marketing, complecated org structure
- Many staff try to offload work onto you or leverage you - Contract staff do not usually have a clear path transitioning into FTE (Full-time employee) - Many people leave early due to the poor contracts, constantly losing experienced employees and replacing them with new staff - One person may carry too much workload
Leadership sometimes is not that engaged and product focused. This is only on some teams though.
- Big company - some processes might be slow/hard to change - Some of the decisions might lack transparency and lead employees to wrong conclusions
sometime you gotta be sophisticated
Narrow windows to get into MS as intern/fresher despite being its student partner.
- salary below market - very hard to move from a technical support engineer position to manager - a lot of corporate talk - it gets a bit impersonal at times - tends to hire fresh graduates and pay them less money than to preserve the current experienced employees.
Unless you reach out, the experience can be limited to what you ask for. If you are just happy with development, you will only get that. To get a well rounded experience, you need to know the whole nine yards. You need to ask to get that.
The contents of working is kind of trival, without much creativity. So you have to bear some troublesome scarps everywhere in work.
- salary below market - very hard to move from a technical support engineer position to manager - a lot of corporate talk - it gets a bit impersonal at times - tends to hire fresh graduates and pay them less money than to preserve the current experienced employees.
We are required to work like dogs. We are competitively rated on competencies such as collaboration. Counter-intuitive. Everyone is expected to be a star. You must grow or you are managed out. It's often cheaper to have a small team build internal tools rather than buy them. But that means most internal tools used to develop software are very sub standard compared to tools in the marketplace that are developed with more resources. Unnecessarily complex. Entitled and sheltered employees who think a 5% bonus (one of the lowest one can get) is really awful - that's higher than most people get in the real world. Employees have golden handcuffs on their hands that just accept the way the company is and think there's no changing it. People are supposed to change jobs every three years, so no one has any loyalty to each other. Very hard to assimilate as an external hire. If competitors aren't delivering a feature, why would we?
SAP space may not offer opportunities you get in service industry.
Not allways best practice to express your thoughts
huge company and sometimes agility is missing
• Microsoft’s org structure and software licensing legacy make strategy very hard • The whole reinvention thing can be frustrating if ambiguity bugs you • Comp package is just ok to start – gets good after five or so years • No cool factor, but you’ll have to do a startup for that
Review System creates a toxic environment
No good future. I am looking for a new job
Poor leadership from senior decision makers Paranoia about products. Staff find out stuff from partners or on the web before ifs announced internally
there are no serious cons
Sometimes projects don't go very well. More guidance needs to be given to new joinees on when to persist and when to walk away.
Poor management, from the top down. Tons of politics. A performance system that does not encourage inovation and entrepreneurship, but brown-nosing.
Engineering culture has been depleted by layers of middle management and a review system that encourages intense internal competition resulting in cannibalism instead of collaborative innovation.
Only product support, no coding at all Pure night shifts No work-personal life balance No growth in career wise like role change No transparency between you and manager No value as support engineer within and outside Microsoft Won't get feel of learning something every day from your job. Only work to do is memory dumps collection in daily work. Very poor appraisal review, it depends only on how your relationship with manager.
Strong global presence and connection between different office.
Work life balance, understanding my role
work life balance, bad weather in seattle
work life balance not much growth opportunity
stack ranking. huge variation in the salary for the same role and level
Most staff think they're far smarter than they actually are, crippling terminology / everything's an acronym, death by Powerpoint, meeting overload, idiot-level training is mandatory for everyone every year
Career development, "them vs us" and individual success (no credit for helping others).
Need to be at par in terms of Payroll
I cant think of many cons.
Cross company move becoming difficult Stack ranking
Highly matrixed organization with a need to build consensus in a wide variety of ways with a wide variety of people/roles. This makes getting simple things done very complicated.
The management system is not a good one. Each year, a manager has to have from his team an over achiever and an under achiever, no matter what he has to have these two. And this builds competitivity between coworkers.
Leadership, Process, Food Chain :),
It's too big sometimes you may find it hard to finalize your goal position.
Lots of hard work ahead but totally worth the investment of your time.
Slow promotional processes, a lot of Corporate-American bureaucracies.
some teams are really bad, they have no work and no space for learning
in a bad city............ hyderabad.........
Nobody cares about real value for company - only for 1 year scorecard results Most employees showcasing "new" projects and initiatives and not doing routine work required for business
Culture has become internally competitive, confidence is rewarded over self-criticism (a msft core value, no longer widely evident), matrixed org is complex and decision ownership is unclear but consensus is still somehow expected, 'stack ranking' is perceived as a popularity contest vs. supported by outcomes and data, simplification efforts happen in silos creating even more complexity and duplication, and there is little tolerance for the complex and thoughtful planning needed for org-wide systemic solutions.
Management sucks ! Driven by the numbers game, people are secondary despite what management say. Enjoy the good times because one day you'll be at the bottom of the stack - review process stack ranks people and one year you'll have a bad year and its difficult to recover - better to leave. Its a pyramid and you're expected to keep moving on and up or you just fall off. The review system does not cater for solid consistent performers, you must keep on improving - management is so weak that it has to keep applying the same dumb system. Its also difficult to move around the company unless you near the top as they won't invest (take a risk) in you having to learn different skills.  You can't get old and grey here - young and grey yes. If you're young and a bit idealistic (sorry guys!) then its the place for you, if you a hard nosed, sod the rest of you sort of person it will also work well. However, if you're incredibily old - say over 40!! , just want to do a solid job, consistently performing, then no way - you're deadwood as far MS is concerned.  And its very Redmond centric. I could go on and on and on !  In summary - Its lean mean money making machine ! its a business - don't forget that.
you are scorecarded to death and while success is measured green... it's really like a watermelon... green on the outside and bright red to it's core. It seems we eat our young and contuine to measure what have you done for me right now.
outdated thinkiing, slow in implementing and slow innovator
There is always pressure, you have to be able to support that.
Huge amount of work - each position effectively encompasses two or more positions in itself, so most of employees are doing the work of two or three people, tight deadlines, loads of administration, very stressful
No room for innovation. Management style is the opposite of empowering..Reorg every 3 months. Changed 7 GM/VP managers in less than 5 years.
Took entire day and 9 interviews!
The benefits and salaries are somewhat below similar firms in the sector (e.g. Google, Facebook etc.)
- Is a huge company with all the bureaucracy and politics that you would expect - Strategy is ultimately Windows uber alles ... and this kills a lot of innovation - Quality of leadership has steadily declined over the years ... most are now neither technical innovators or business visionaries - Review system changes virtually every year and incents employees to do the wrong things = self over team, success on narrow scope vs go big on what really matters, stay on the same time vs. diversity of experiences
There are so many people in each team, that your visibility and recognition sometimes gets hidden. There rating system is relative, thus, atleast 5% of people will fall in worst bucket despite of their best efforts.
Company has become so large, and managers are extremely competitive, that it no longer provides an environment to share ideas or build a sense of community.
Understanding the review standards would be challenging
Odd work timings, high pressure due to work load
Constant number pressure,work life balance
Very hard to change things in mature teams
Many obstacles for innovation since too many teams are involved
- Big corporate = a lot of bureaucracy - Many organizational changes, I have seen a lot of groups shutting down -
Not much exciting work in MSIT
voice of the ground can be hard to get through to the top
Very hard to change things in mature teams
Too big and growing up the ladder gets slow after a couple of steps up. Salary could also be revised a bit upward.
The company is shrinking number of products, while the decision making is being centralized for each product. This means no growth opportunities, and super internal competitiveness. Lots of "politicians", hard to get things done.
Work life balance can be a bit tricky to "balance" must balance between performance and networking
hard to be an employee, not everyone gets the opportunity
- followers not leader in new technology - too slow to move on products cycle - too politics, too much focus on visibility rather than performance - very competitive
Limited promotion opportunities, strict rule
A lot of workin tym. slow internet. bad housing facilities....bad management
Inspite of existence for a long time, still big dependency on Redmond. Some people may not be able to thrive in a culture where key decisions don't happen locally.
- Not all managers understand the Microsoft NDA
> Increasing pressure on revenue > Sales Incentive payments getting ever harder to reach with new rules & processes
Too much pressure to advertise their products Too many irritating tasks and deadlines
Can't study and work at the same time Need a lot of patience and be a people person
Too much dissension internally, everyone is looking out for themselves first instead of investing time and energy in the company
Sometime team leads doesn't give a good attention to employee growth which can hamper the motivation of employees. Surely employees should be concerned about their growth themselves but support from team managers is equally important.
long management chain, lengthy process
1. Huge and hence getting visibility is tough 2. Changing things can be sometimes tough owing to lot of legacy stuff
-Hard to get projects moving quickly due to the size of the company and sometimes you find out another group maybe working on a very similar project -It really depends on the team you work on
It's quite hard to find a comfort resident near Microsoft headquarters.
the downside of some of the branches is more work hours, no work life management, some times teams are not made properly.
Culture is not focused enough on disruptive innovation
smtyms lil too much of invention..
Too much heirarchy. There are a lot of talented people but the management doesn't give enough opportunities for them to shine.
the company is a bit big and sometimes with a lot of unnecessary processes on the way and might be hard to turn around
You have to go around politics and bureaucracy in every inch.
V Limited growth pattern for Outsourced employees
V Limited growth pattern for Outsourced employees
The management mentality is archaic - you have to 'do your time' before you get to a position where you have relative freedom of judgement and influence. Organization of the work space is old fashioned and not conducive to creativity. Radical innovative ideas are squashed instantly. If you have any fundamental question about organization and process, you'll have to ask someone 3 levels above your rank to get a satisfactory answer. Decisions are extremely top heavy. Horizontal movement is restricted. Latest review process encourages petty squabbles and interpersonal rivalry way more than it does excellence.
It is very stressful at times, but gets compensated with the fun activities
It's a good place, but slowly changing to worse.
Workload, ever changing leadership and so many un-necessar processes. Spent a lot of time dealing internally rather than delighting customers
sometimes we move slow and catch up later
Dont know what to say ... but yes you need to deliver QoQ
Lots of competition. So if you do not want to sweat it out to advance here, then this is not the place for you.
Too much bureaucracy, useless managers who have been in the company 10+ years don't have the fire anymore
We deal with a lot of North American Customers and that requires a majority of us to work in Night Shifts . Cant complain about that tough :)
sometimes too American, corporate culture
Nothing that needs to be changed drastically, maybe the workload of the managers can be reduced a bit.
Politics, company not agile enough, employee review process.
Can be political You need to be very assertive Sales pressure can be huge Can be more creative
fragmented work groups, time zone challenges
If you are not organised and passionate you simply will not be successful. At times, process wins over common sense, however when the majority says 'enough', it generally gets corrected.
bureaucracy and customer perceptions of our products are sometimes a problem.
Total lack of accountability in general. The Head of Kin failure is still successful at Microsoft. Why? Lack of engineering depth, too many non technical folks especially mid management is the reason for Microsoft lagging behind. Ability to take risk is not rewarded at Microsoft. Beauracracy is deeply rooted, its like a government office, in order to move a pen, you need to make a presentation to the VP. The only way things work is if you know people. Lack of passion.
Company getting large. Have to deal with beuracracy and legacy code.
Night Shifts (GTSC) Excessive work load
Typical problems of any super-big companies. Promotion opportunities are limited.
Must enhance the marketing level. There are still lot of developers behind to know about this.
If you asked me these questions a year ago, I would answer differently. Due to recent changes in the review model, Microsoft is a less desirable place to work. The company has become excessively focused on metrics which detracts from focusing on the long term sucess of the company. The environment has become more cut throat and a higher stress workplace. Employees are constantly worried about being giving a low review score without much control over it. If you want control over it you need to work all of the time and then that does not even secure anything since situationalism. For instance, if your territory has budget issue in respective clients, or if upper management decisions to change review metrics part way through the year. Manager favoritism runs rampant in the company, it can have a direct impact on how well you do regardless of metrics. HR has covered themselves with a clause in the ratiing system, "In relation to your Peers." Let's say that you have a team of rock stars, not uncommon at Microsoft, of a pool of 50 people approximately 3-4 people will need to be placed into the lowest rating which means they will be on a program that will be difficult to get out of and likely asked to leave the company. Another 6 or 7 people will be rated just above the lowest ranking which will put them in a position where other groups will find them undisirable. Therefore, about 20 percent of the employees are labeled in such a way that they will have difficultly moving between organizations in the company. If you are reporting to a manager that you don't get a along with, your days will potentially be numbered.
Night Shifts (GTSC) Excessive work load
Lots of poor managers, too much middle management that does nothing, CEO has no vision, too much support work for older versions of products.
Political infighting too many divisions within sales teams No technology focus for sales team
bureaucratic, lacking vision, CEO attracts negative press.
Low compensation compared to Google/Facebook!
Most release cycles are so slow that it takes very long to feel a real sense of achievement Slow growth path & low visibility of smart people Difficult to contribute beyond your area of influence even if you can and want to Low focus on true technology innovation and more focus on "releases"
calibration is not so transpaernt
Loads of work,high pressure,average salary
1. If your manager is not satisfied, or for some reason is not able to evaluate you properly, then you are in trouble big time. This especially applies for the first year at work. As the performance rating that you receive in first year, will most likely be either incremented / decremented by 1 in the next year depending on your performance.  2. Perks are not good enough in comparison to competing companies like Google, Amazon and Facebook.  3. In certain teams, the level of bar has been set so high, such that during the appraisal period almost no developers get promoted(applies across different levels).
Process oriented Too many meetings Monotonous Recognition to the lower strata of the company should happen
An increasingly process-centric environment, with exec management being ever more prescriptive on "how" things should be done, not just "what" has to be achieved. Gradual erosion of entrepreneurial spirit and loss of career opportunities for outstanding people to come quickly through the ranks.
job is very demanding. Sometimes you have to work for weekends.
MS is focusing solely on revenue now. Even partner and customer focus is being sacrificed for this. The company purports to maintain this but coming down to the individual basis, how KPIs and scorecards are created and targetted, it forces the employee to solely focus on achieving revenue targets.
Difficult to breakthrough to higher levels with the workforce number. Reward for recognition is not the best, there is a scope for improvement. Flexible timings can sometimes become flexible work, where you get more stretched than you desire.
limited impact, a lot of organizational crap
Most of the managers are in the management just for the growth sake and are not technically competent. Managers encouraged reports to steps on each on other toes. Employees in the team felt like it is a running race where you constantly check how the peers are doing and try to stay one step ahead rather than working on innovation.
organization changes too quick with insufficient planning
Complete night Shift for GTSC INDIA
I had no negative comments.
The work is stressful. It is not easy to get the good result.
Microsoft is rather big and bureaucratic, and sometimes slow moving. There's a need to sign up to a conservative IPR view.
Projects are not very good
Very competitive environment to work
Big company -- takes skill to learn to navigate, and Alpha culture can be challenging.
Salary is somewhat slightly below market averages when looked at on its own. This can be mitigated with other benefits such as car, health, insurances, pension, gym etc.
First mover in only limited domains like gaming consoles
It's more about politics than building great products now.
laggard boring not trendy needs vision
Projects are not very good
1. Although the performance management system @ Microsoft is relatively better than some of the similar ranked companies in India, it can get very manipulative & diluted at the ground level. At the end of the day your manager would be trying to fit you within a curve. Also, even if you have done a great job through out the year that does not guarantee you a very good review as your performance is compared against your peers, in spite of the fact that not everyone might have done the same level/complexity/type of work as you did, which is kind of absurd.  2. The quality of work which comes to this (primarily) offshore based team has been detoriating over time. Although you might end up getting a Consultant title, most of the time you would end up working on repetitive type tasks (which are generally done by any other SI's with a larger team). Very less and rare customer facing opportunities.  3. Very very slow career growth rate within the organization. It used to be much better when the Org size used was smaller (in terms of people).  4. At times you are required to sign-up for some really unrealistic commitments, which you may not be able to meet or will just meet them for the sake of it (compromising the quality).
- If you are in 'that' circle - then it is good, else u r just working as a slave! - a follower - wanted to launch Surface, created new team, once done, most are fired! - HR is not doing the right job - Total waste of time as no matter how hard you work, the company only recognizes those who can TALK BEAUTIFULLY but WORK TERRIBLY. Style with no substance! IF you are that type, pls join Microsoft - You never feel secure working in Microsoft.
Manager favouritism is rampant in the org. Trying to be a star performer, you might get to a situation where your personal/family life is nil.
can be demanding and long hours
bureaucracy can get in the way pay is ok
I see lot of redundant projects
not much stressed out work space for innovation little low own tools slacked
Performance results are some times not a real reflection of someone's efforts. Creativity should be encouraged more.
Performance results are some times not a real reflection of someone's efforts. Creativity should be encouraged more.
Its full of politics. Dont even dare to enter if u r a non south Indian. Its a pathetic company to work with. The management is really bad. So if u can be a silver spoon of the manager you can survive. One of the most pathetic company I ever worked. Talent is not rewarded. Review happens on how you treat ur manager rather than what u worked.
Need to be aware of politics and know how to navigate to open doors for opportunities.
There is no flexible timing nor work from home option.
An environment where Techies will love to work
hardwork and dedication required at all times
Nothing much to say in cons. The joy of working with Microsoft overshadows the small cons. You get experience to work only on Microsoft technologies, and not outside it,
Work-life balance is elusive. It feels like a big company and it can be a real challenge to stand out among your peers.
With some internal orgs, growth opportunities within company are less
boring products too much bureaucracy too many managerial layers
Too late on direction. Cost centers are too big
Do not have many companies in Lucknow, so one gets stuck.
The company is now getting larger and as such it has lost some of it's start-up allure which makes it rather sad.
1. Some times work life balance is poor
Competition with great talents :)
human resource poor, not process driven, service maturity low.
You might feel disconnected from the outside real world after some time. You are mostly away from the customer.
No Salary for the Internees.
No really a true sales organization and it's a big complex org. Many people hitchhike on large deals so you lack the ownership of truly transacting a sale
Focus on scorecard not balanced. Too many internal meetings during the day means night time email catch up. Very internally focussed. To remain truly customer centric you need to make decisions with the customer in mind. The ability to do this has gone.
Compensation and career growth is average
Some people are very political. Innovation is hard and not being encouraged enough. People spend too much time on collecting knowledge than on creating cool stuff them self.
none.. But sometimes, running behind deadlines may make ones schedule hectic
Too much politics and backstabbing
Too entrenched in its approach to the market
Company is too silo'd due to its size and portfolio. Benefits and job security have come under fire the last few years and compensation is fair at best. As a mature company there are a lot of PMs and other managerial types around that tend to weigh down the company and lead it astray - which is only going to get worse in some small part to the new performance review system that weighs heavily on feedback rather than actual merit and is leading a few talented people to leave.
bad management and performance evaluation mechanism
Some times the company is very reactive rather than leading the field as in the past.
The Good Ole Boy environment
Very competitive company. You may need to put in extra time to meet deadlines as Microsoft is a date-driven company.
The company is pretty bureaucratic.
Way behind apple computers having trouble keeping up with iPad
Lack of knowledge growth: Compared to small company there is less chances to increase knowledge. Too much of process: There is process for everything. Even for small work there is a full fledged process.
It can be a political place. Lots of reorgs and other movement. There are definitely individual feifdoms within the company. Sometimes it is so large that multiple groups are trying to do the same thing which can lead to redundant and wasted work.
-seattle is a depressing location to be in -less than ideal growth oppportunity
Very demanding, revenue based, global nature demands your time 24 hours a day.
1. Microsoft has excellent performance management system, people do not know to use it for employees and Organization benefit
Really big company with lots of red tape
Not a lot of feedback from management, and not very close monitoring of employee's progress. Not very generous when it came to providing computing equipment.
Red Tape. Tough to negotiate internal politics. Big company so hard to reach the top.
1. Microsoft has excellent performance management system, people do not know to use it for employees and Organization benefit
Really big company with lots of red tape
Inefficient management structure. Peer pressure and not that transparent review system.
Microsoft has become a highly political org with many, many layers of management in the decision making process.
Decision making is brutal. The adage of it takes 15 people to approve and just 1 to disapprove holds true still. Re-orgs are fairly constant, thus again find a great manager to draft behind. MS has developed silos of excellence to create economies of scale in dev, test and program management. The big issue is that with constant re-orgs and shuffling, these individuals merely work on features and never become a subject matter expert on anything.
sometimes feels like a behemoth trying to get nimble. the inter team rivalry tends to get unhealthy
no work life balance, no fairness in the promotions
the company is not always (especially lately) in tune with the market/new trends
High qualification required to join it
can lead to stagnation then leave after 5 years
Like any large organization there are some rough spots: processes that seem to take too long or are overly complicated. But this is a global company and it isn't easy balancing all those cultural differences and still being fair to all the employees.
Work/life balance is a challenge in many areas of the organization. While it is up to the individual to own that as much as they can, there is not consistent positive reinforcement about the importance of vacations and time away from work from leadership in the organization.
The company is heading the right way... better communication between departments is a good advice
All companies are as good as your immediate manager which means that if your immediate manager is not good, no matter how big your company is...it does not matter.
Lot of politics at senior management and they prefer people whom they have worked in US or Hyd office. Not for outsider who wanted to make a mark in the company.
work life balance, forced distribution system
future development opportunities are limited
- Lots of meetings for engineers - Bureaucratic
* 14 hour days * no idea how to run a service * bad managerial technique * No idea how to run a service * "No rollback" policy on releases * No regression testing "policy" * Afraid to fire people, this in turn leads to bad people simply circulating through different company divisions and decreasing overall productivity
Almost nil career growth possibilities, no employee 'loyalty' factor is considered, HR function in the organization has been subdued significantly.
Back stabbing culture. The culture of "it does not matter what you do - it matters who you know". you will not get promoted or recognized for the work you do - you will get recognized for how many asses you kiss
To grow, you need to be selfish. It is always better to be identified as a great individual since you will be compared against your coworkers under the same lead.
very busy recently on new features
Night Shifts and associated health issues.
1. The organization boundary and political fighting is counter productive. 2. Microsoft strongly favors in-house technology. This is not the most efficient way of building new products in some areas especially online business. For developers, some technology you learn won't apply to other places, although in general the experience is useful. 3. To get bigger things done, you need to climb up the corporate ladder, which is very tough. 4. Microsoft doesn't use its resource efficiently, including developer resources.
people management at top level the passion is delivered at a high level that doesn't percolate down
Growth is a little slow - Good structure implies it's difficult to stand out!
Seattle is tough in the winter
Sometimes a very closed minded organization. Disfunctional groups throughout the company. Many people with over inflated pay grades. Incompetence at all levels. Groups can be hostile towards one another because of the ultra-competitive nature within the company.
Big company and too many people so lot of competetion :)
Unlike in other parts of Microsoft, a successful summer as a research intern is not a guaranteed path to full time employment in Microsoft Research.
Very mother-ship oriented: if you are not at Redmond, it's hard to have much impact. Hard to do work across groups that might benefit the company as a whole, but no individual group in particular. Programmers regarded as fungible resources, with no particular regard for deeper levels of expertise. A lot of reinventing the wheel with proprietary versions of common solutions
not a flat organization. hierarchy is deep rooted
I dont found as such any major cons but i think there is less communication and meeting with the other teams like office team and windows team etc.
Will take all the energy you give, becoming less entrepreneurial and increasingly political, too heavily internal focused, losing managaement talent
Too much bureacracy in the company
One of the downsides is the size of the company limits the pace of upward mobility. Also, there is often too much focus on the short term by middle management when senior management seems to preach long term.
Really horrible boss work in fear
Do not expect the company to care for you. Know that you are working there only to learn. Microsoft does not care of its employees needs and makes you a complete workoholic. Although you will learn a lot , you will not haev any work life balance.  The company will ensure that you have a limited vision of the world outside MS , unless you are proactive
Transforming busness models in times of computing paradigm shift is hard.
Little hope of promotion Slow growth of salary
If you work here, your life will be only your job.
Long working hours, No balance between personal and professional life.
decision making could be faster
Felt stuck in career, not able to grow or get promoted fast enough, didn't feel I was reaching my potential, manager was not competent to manage
Much travel as a consultant, in Switzerland this means long daily commutes as staying overnight in a hotel is not supported.
Some of the local leaders are not competent.
No work-life balance, boy's club, token 'we support women' approach, easy to get chewed up by machine, people are aggressive and super competitive
It takes long time to get something done due to multiple roles involved in process
It can be difficult growing your career if you're not in Seattle/Redmond
- Extremely political environment which is exhausting to deal with
The rewarding system is not that fair
People are resistant to change. 3 year release cycles for some products means you put a lot of time into a release, and could get it wrong (3 years in tech time is a long long time).
As with any big organization, the work in not very challenging and rewarding. Most of the time you may end up working on legacy on inconsequential projects.
Low Salary, Bad health plan
Sometimes quite disorganized. Expression of opinions are quite blunt and you have to be quite tough mentally to work there
Poor management styles. Lack of understanding in leadership and within business team in India. No Quality.
Slow moving, hard to get things done
Work life balance. Direction the company is going.
Family Life and work balance is hard in my team. It might not be the case in other teams of microsoft though.
Family Life and work balance is hard in my team. It might not be the case in other teams of microsoft though.
Slow, bureaucratic, political, wrong incentives
Some times POlitical games have to be played
Disrespect & partiality towards low standard employees
Work/life balance at Microsoft is not very good. Employees are expected to be connected all the time and the company does very little to embrace the diversity of hispanic americans and african americans and that fact is underscored but the overall number of hires in those two classes.
Unless you are based in Puget Sound it is difficult to achieve true career growth and potential. Remote folks usually have to relocate to advance.
I do not have any cons for this big company right now. And this is because i am seeing this company from outer side. What going inside is purely invisible for me. I am not in a position to critisise it now.
Lack of opportunities for growth. It is a very deep and hierarchical organization. There is not a lot of chance for distinguishing yourself exceptionally and progressing at double the speed. Microsoft moves at its own pace.
The projects worked on in India are not very critical to the company. Such projects are worked on at Redmond. You are doing no better job compared to other IT cos, only your pay is more.
Not so clear future. Too much competition. After several years your growth likely to slow down and plateu. Too much politics. Sometimes you wonder how those people ended up in upper management although theyc annot understand a simple piece of code.
it is not for people who does not push themselves
* Too many people in team * Responsibility is too scattered, more responsibility should be placed on the individual so they are more accountable
Use own technology and tools developed in-house. Not a very innovative company. Compensation not as competitive as other tech companies.
after a while you just become a number
very competetive work environment, high pressure
being in a remote office does not allow for the best career track progression
Some teams dont offer much varied work and it may become monotonous after a while.
Work pressure a bit high
got to compromise at salaries compared to the industry.
The company is huge, and inevitably this makes it slower than smaller companies. Despite best efforts to remove unnecessary process, there's still a lot of necessary process that comes with writing software that ships to millions of customers, which reduces perceived agility within the engineering team. Vertical career advancement opportunities are slow to develop.
The company is huge, and inevitably this makes it slower than smaller companies. Despite best efforts to remove unnecessary process, there's still a lot of necessary process that comes with writing software that ships to millions of customers, which reduces perceived agility within the engineering team. Vertical career advancement opportunities are slow to develop.
It's sink or swim management. If you get a new manager that's difficult to work with you are stuck. Upper management or HR will not intervene. I did not survive in spite of my best efforts to adapt and correct the situation.
The "Microsoft Deal" has changed. The stock has been flat for 10 years. Benefits are changing next year. The forced distribution curve was brought back. You can meet your commitments, but are competing against your peers based on business impact. You can receive a low rating if you are not given good projects to demonstrate impact. It is unfair and can be very political who receives good projects. Terrible work/life balance.
The pressure is getting higher, especially if you are in online service and phone If it didn't manage the future battle on phone well and tablet, it may lost its hold on connection entry points to cloud computing, which will limit its future growth
- Some of the products are not being used by friends and family so much
Microsoft Consulting is not the environment it used to be. Standards for hiring have been relaxed and often people are put in well over their heads as a result. It is also a classic case of "The Cobbler's children have no shoes".
You have to be really the best to make it to Microsoft. I think their hiring process is a bit too stringent , but that actually makes sense. Sometimes, you can probably get stressed with the level of work because the company expects nothing but the best from you.
Forced review distribution means good people are forced to leave
Very process driven, slow and not agile
1. Frequent reorgs impacts the culture tremendously 2. Minimal transparency in the performance appraisal and promotion process 3. Team work should be fostered better than individual performances
The downside is management changes a lot, if you get a bad manager for you it can really hurt. This happens to a lot of people.
Review system is terrible. Competitive environment. Review system affects collaboration. Changing health care coverage. Still good, but not nearly as good. Managers can make/break you. Complete luck of the draw if you get anyone good.
work life balance is an issue at microsoft. difficult respect of timing and no sense of reality towards normal timing of business
- Process - Slow to move - Not as fast moving as our competitors - Politics - Legacy that we need to take into ac
Not good for industry hires as they get a raw deal compared to college hires.
Too many Org changes, confusing review process.
The weather of Beijing is not that enjoyable. It is humid and hot during the summer. Taking the subway in the peak time is horrible.
Too huge. Too much beaurocracy. Teams are brilliant but technology transfers are slow at times. Middle level managers are there to just keep their jobs and donot promote innovation.
It's very hierarchical. If you don't get along with your boss you are in big trouble. You could be the greatest worker ever. But, if your boss doesn't like you, you won't move up.
Too much centralized on Seattle campus
Too much centralized on Seattle campus
the great overload and the unfair in how promotions are given
The review system is skewed. Way too many layers of management. Goals keep changing whenever there is a change in management(and that's quite frequent). A lot of politics in India, not sure if it's the same elsewhere.
Feels difficult to have a significant business impact because of the cyclical balancing of business priorities
Politics high due to complexity
not a lot of opportunities to move around.
no work/life balance, hard work, piracy is high afecting sales
Trying to copy Apple's model. Expanding even though current formula is not working.
Internal competition huge internal demand and less focus on customer side
- Work Politics can be seen - Favoritism
Unless you're working for a new product or project, it's probably not as fun as at a startup or some of the other tech companies.
Microsoft is extremely siloed as business units will, without much reflection or guilt, operate entirely for their self interest, to the detriment of the company. Similarly, ship cycles for many business units are not in touch with market reality, which makes the company still slow to react to emerging opportunities.
relocation to other cities is necessary
salary is not that competive, not much opportunity to growth
- Big company, not as agile as Start-up - India as a location keeps suffering politics - Things are getting better every year - I believe this is no different for any US based company - Be it Facebook, Google, etc. - These things hit you as you get into senior bands
Sales compensation is not geared toward upside for the performer, but rather, toward mediocre pay for the high performer and significant downside for the average performer, even when off-year is clearly a result of forces beyond individual control.
There are a lot of workload. People usually focus on their own work and have little communications. There are few activities for entertainment.
too much "processes" , over-regulated, too big
Very large company so it's easy to get lost in the fold. Can be dog eat dog environment. Not always easy to get co workers to help.
Every product is integrated with other products. This works well for the customer at times, but most of the time it causes a lot of overhead for product development
slow on product hire more and more stupid people
Less push Less communications with the senior managers
review system sucks, hyper competitive environment, hurts long term growth potential/morale, shortsighted planning, endless death marches, poor recognition system, poor customer focus.
Bad management bothered about themselves always
The organization politics that gets in the way of cross-company teamwork
Many of the following observations are rising trends that in my opinion started after Bill Gates departure in 2006, and now increasing at a much higher pace ever since the company entered in a "never-ending" reorganization / reshuffling loop at the end of that same year.  * Middle management, in some groups more than others, do not observe Microsoft's code of conduct. They appear to exemplify the phrase: "The end justifies the means".  * Honest hard work may go unnoticed if you are not politically connected to the right people.  * Managers are empowered to decide upon their direct report's fate within the company - having almost uncontested authority to promote or fire anyone reporting to them. Moreover, the system lacks of appropriate check and balances to effectively apprehend potential managerial misconduct.  Therefore, the KEY to succeed and grow within the company is: Instead of looking for a new role within the company, you should always be scouting for good managers that could potentially hire you into their team. In other words, having a good manager matters more than landing upon your dream job.  * On several occasions, over a period of 6 plus years, I've seen how HR sides with management instead of objectively assess what could be at stake in any given situation or complaint. Employee morale and passion keeps declining - the majority adopts a "See no evil, Hear no Evil" attitude in order to survive or spare retaliation from management.  * It was of great disappointment not only to witness highly-unethical behavior coming from middle management, but to see how upper management looked the other way.  * Although Microsoft is still a great company to work for and to list in a resume, I would recommend that if looking for a new workplace, to look at other great companies that will probably enrich more anyone's professional career. If you are already working for Microsoft, then take pride in what you do while understanding that the company is going through a challenging phase - and always keep in mind that the best thing to do is to do the right thing.
Long working hours, tedious and boring, talking not permitted.
Highly competetive, changes in health coverage recently are a -ve
Calibration, tons of process, really hard to grow and find new positions.
Much of our advertising is not only ineffective, it's embarrassing. This is such a long-standing problem it seems like none of the current advertising/marketing executives understand just how awful our advertising is.
Much of our advertising is not only ineffective, it's embarrassing. This is such a long-standing problem it seems like none of the current advertising/marketing executives understand just how awful our advertising is.
Narrow scope - very few broad product marketing roles. most are narrow in scope, so the roles can get boring after 18 months.  Little execution - spend more time socializing plans and getting buy-in than actually doing any work.  Lots of time wasted - More than half my day spent in meetings. Due to the matrixed nature of teams, it takes many more meetings and reviews for anyone with authority to make a decision.
A lot of cross-division battles.
You will be aware of you could not be glad to its politics and low efficient. It is very hard to have a raise of your pay
Microsoft wants to get younger...ticking time bomb for anyone close to or approaching fourty years old.
Managers can be mean, especially to junior people
- completely outdated model and process for developing software - absolutely terrible middle managers - everyone is old - there is no innovation here - developers are basically mechanics, who are TOLD by program managers what they should build, and they are not involved in the design process AT ALL
Poor work life balance. Constant need to be visibile to leadership.
Very poor middle management (on average).
working as vendor is not the same benifits as a fte
I am a contractor, (and do the same job as permanent staff in my team, but with no career prospects or benefits). This sucks. MS are so worried about contractors taking them to court regarding benefits, so offer nothing at all, to be on the safe side. There was a case in the US where a contractor was doing the same job as a permanent person and took them to court so they got burnt..  MS is not as dynamic as it could be (although they try to be, but hire the wrong type of staff). Since they moved from being a startup, they are like any other established company and creativity has been stifled). There are a lot of politics here and promotion is based on who you know, not what you know.
Not focused on the customer experience.
ambiguity is a consistent state and dealing with that is not for everyone, the manager you have matters so much more than other factors
Complex organization dynamics, slow decision making
Lack of incentive to do better
Experience is highly dependent on the team that you work at. Some other teams are apparently not as well off for enjoyment.
Management overhead and review system.
Highly competitive review procuedure that creates a somewhat adversarial environment amongst competing peers.
poor leadership, lack of passion
big corp atmosphere, lots of paperwork
Very difficult to grow up and get promoted due to various processes. Tough to get visiblity.
Moms returning to work are by default at the bottom of the stack rank Microsoft could have more part-time positions available to make it attractive to returning moms Support more remote working capabilities such as dial-ins and videoconferencing for meetings. These are standard for most bay area companies which in spite of longer work hours offer flexibility and hence are more attractive to working moms.
Bureaucratic management, Leadership changing very often, Low confidence in M2 and above
It's large and you need to lean your way around.
there is sometimes too much work
Company seems to lack direction. Difficult to do anything truely innovative.
senior leadership lacking in employee engagement
Microsoft has a lot of employees so it is hard to get a lot of personal attention from leading employees.
You still feel the need to compete against each other instead of working as a team due to the new review process. Work life balance is hard to attain. You can have it but then you'll be penalized at review time.
Little accountability, too many "owners", lack of team work, continuous re-orgs, too many unnecessary meetings. Back stabbing at the senior level (GM and above).
Sometimes slow growth, Competiting technologies
Difficult internal promotion if you are not in subsidiary sales and marketing
Way too many meetings, process and procedure can be burdensome and it's hard to change a lot of things that really don't make sense.
Review system manages to alienate everyone. Pay does not keep up with market. Easier to advance at a smaller company.
inward focus on its own company direction, and does not yield career for "industry focus" candidate.
Bureaucracy as with any company Wages could be higher Junior employees can not have a life!!
sometimes intense work, u need to push yourself to move forward.
Current performance management system forces RIFs that my not otherwise be needed
- sometimes the size means navigating the organization is tough - duplication of work across the organization - waste of resources by people driving political agenda
Can be difficult to make job changes internally Lots of tools and process
Can be difficult to make job changes internally Lots of tools and process
Bureaucracy and politics seem to stifle innovation. Feels like there is no time to execute on a strategy because teams are re-org'd every 18 months. Bad managers abound and there is not much remedy for that except for leaving the job.
Misaligned strategy and execution Highly political organization Misdirected management Overlapping functionality among teams leading to redundancy and cost mismanagement.
I can not stay there because, I am an intern.
political environment is difficult at times
some of the downside are the long hours also the constant traveling. if u enjoy traveling then its okay but i don't
The Microsoft development cycle is painfully slow. Organizational changes happen quite often, so engineers are at a disadvantage when it comes to providing support and/or documentation for their software. The culture seems to have embraced this, rather than creating incentives for collaboration and ownership.
when people are asked to volunteer and they do, sometimes they are not given an opportunity to pursue what they have volunteered for, which discourages them.
Hectic work which makes difficult to manage work-life balance and night shifts which creates an imbalance in the life cycle ..
The review process really sucks
No training for contract workers Complete seperation between contract workers and FT workers
Too much information internally and little to no easy way to find what is needed. Little communication from other teams, even though collaboration is a keystone to the company. This tends to make the job very frustrating very quickly.  Documentation of processes to help customers with new purchases/releases is lacking at best.
Too much noise from consumer market. Everyone wants to talk with Microsoft, sometimes this creates waste due to a lack of focus for Techincal and Business Meetings. Broad solutions can be confusing for customers and licensing is a world all of it's own.
Compensation and career advancement can be slower if you are not a top performer.
Hours, time to get things done.
- There is a belief in one man heroes. The senior leadership beleives that 20% of people contribute to 80% of the success. Spoils the fun of working as a team and accomplishing goals together!
Hard to get projects done because everyone has to have a say in it and management can say no or change priorities. Some problems never get solved, they just reorganize every 18 months.
- Corporate culture is not as pleasant as it could be - Productivity is reduced by internecine warfare ("politics") - Corp leadership promotes only in their own mold, so org deficiencies are unlikely to be addressed - Not entirely supportive of women. Impossible to work there as a single mother.
Microsoft is all about windows, office, exchange, SQL server and sharepoint. Don't try to innovate outside of these products.
very poor management which leads to frustration during annual review cycles..
total compensate is a little bit lower than competitors, slow and inefficient, not many opportunities
Heavy beaurocracy Poor work/life balance of MCS Russia division Some people have the star disease and rude Sales force sometimes work against MCS, because of differences in KPI
People need to work harder.
pay is not that high now, location is too far away from the city, not too many core developments going on here
Bureaucratic, NO long term career for master degree, and for RSDE, In a research lab, they need people to take the engineering work, but they don't rewrard people who take engineering work farily. So either you should insist on research work only, or you should consider move on after a few years.
Difficulties with work life balance. Very high expectations from empolyee. Reviwe system is somewhat unfair. Heavy management structure. Sometimes processes can get in the way, instead of making your job easier.
Process is pretty heavy sometime overwhelm
difficult to change job whthin the company
none dont seee any cons
Highly competitive environment in sales
too many employees work load can be much at times
It’s mostly delivering that counts, so some people don't care that much about quality. There don't seem to be a good mechanism for (technical) quality validation. Again this is a very large company and things probably look different in other teams, especially in states when they do all really important stuff. There is also this weird culture, where people are mostly concerned about who will look bad on end year review and not taking any risks to help others, if it might make them look bad.
While there are lots of smart people, low performers slow everyone down, and it's too hard to get rid of them. Sometimes we're too seperated from the real life and death world of business to have the same level of urgency that a startup or smaller company fosters.
Typically centralized around one stack of software development (.NET, etc.) Clinging on to Windows/Office mentality
- Leadership, senior leaders are not interested on your career, and they will do anything that makes them grow, not you - politics, you should take care, dont trust anyone - HR does not exist, specially in Latin America - short term results, lackmof planning
Your experience will be very different in different groups. Some groups are great - others are not.
Night Shifts Horrible Work Life balanace Hardly can enjoy weekends Sarcastic Management Partiality towards a certain sector of people Need to be very good with your Manager in order to grow (boot licking rocks) Even if Holidays are available Manager doesn't approve them stating support Business Health Risk due to working in night shifts. Too process oriented. Work overload. Pulling extra hours.
teams are very large and hard to get consensus on issues
Low salary comparing with other competitor.
For campus, salary is increasing very slowly. In-frequent reviews so not frequently increase the salary. Competency is going less competitive recently.
No real oportunity for growth.
1)The time to start work is high..They have several procedure to do before giving access. 2) No flexibility in choosing the department during intern process
too much work to do, not so good work life balance,
-No worklife balance -No growth because of politics
* There are two many levels in the management chain. * The performance review may not be fair w.r.t. the whole company.
Management is slow to act to new markets and to internally focused on protecting their high share software markets (windows, office). They don't foster a collaborative atmosphere, they manage by fear and cliques.
There is limited exposure to world outside of microsoft. You will only know about how microsoft works and their technologies.
poor management very political vs peformance orientation
senior management could be very poor and make wrong decision until too late, too much focus on personal excellence which could hurt overall team productivity
Microsoft leadership didn't focus Microsoft compitances and improve their technologies. So, MS waisted time for Vista, Bing and other staff..
Like any other company, the hierarchy is deep. It might be difficult to focus on new opportunities and react to market feedback quickly.
work life balance in some organizations
Poor people management, pay is falling behind competition
you'll get low pay, and work long hours.
It does not pay very well for the india office. Go there for the initial career support and may be you can move to US
There is a closed club of people who have worked at Microsoft for over 15 years. Some literally grew up there and have never been exposed to other companies, cultures, leaders, or ways of working. Their views are therefore very closed, subjective, ignorant, and arrogant. Unfortunately they have often worked their way into people manager roles when they should have stayed individual contributors or left the company to broaden their mindset. Undermining, exclusive, and bullying behaviour are the norm within this group. Very difficult for new and experienced people to succeed.
- huge decentralized organization - "old school" Microsofties can be very type A especially at senior levels - can be slow to respond to external threats - established orgs can get into turf battles with emerging ideas and technology (e.g. Courier Tablet vs Windows)
Top to bottom quota setting with very little opportunity to push back or renegotiate.
some politics goes on just like any other company but nothing out of the ordinary. People who have been around sometimes have arrogance in them.
Stock is dead in the water... Lots of politics to navigate. Cloud is half baked without a partner strategy resulting in conflict.
Stock is dead in the water... Lots of politics to navigate. Cloud is half baked without a partner strategy resulting in conflict.
This is already a grown up place and so they did not need people for long run in bangalore setup. Every quarter they screw some people for no reason because work has not moved from US to bangalore as yet. If you allow me to say about MS bangalore culture then it is just big boss culture where people get nominated and evacuted from the house every quarter.
You only work on small part and not many creative things there. Too many communication and people work on the same project.
1. Do not expect your org to support your interest to move to a different group or organization to advance your career. If you announce your inytention you better be sure it will happen, as its a career-limiting move within your current organization. 2. Be aware that if you change roles you are taking a big chance. They say that they support movement between roles (ex.. DEV or Teest to PgM). However, you will likely not have much support when making the change, and you will be ranked againast all the folks established in your new role. Changing roles is very risky. 3. Work/life balance is not a real value. If you try to live this value then good luck competing with young bucs from far-off lands who are in this country and ready to give 150% 4. Whatever you do, make sure you keep getting promoted. There is an "up-or-out" policy. If you go too long w/o a promotion you will find yourself with a "just write it up that way" review which does not reflect your actual performance but does provide documentation to support managing you out of the company. They want to boil off the older folks who are not slotted for leadership (level 65 or higher), and keep the lower levels stocked with younger workers so the average employee age remains low (reduce healthcare costs).
1. Bigger size and beurocracy
1. Little to no chance for guidance in learning and growing 2. Compensation with job scope/working hours not matching 3. Flexible working hours also mean working very late due to international time zone differences
Reviews and recognition are mainly a popularity contest and crony based system. Although the company is profitable year after year there is little room for innovatiom, creative solutions and anyone daring to take risks. Risk taking is given lip service but punished at the slightest slip - failure is not an option so don't dare to step out of line. Products, services, ideas and people that threaten a cash cow are eliminated. there are some of the industries worst managers at MS including at the top. CEO and COO are terrible but they think they are great.
I really enjoy working at Microsoft
Disjoint from Open Source communities and technologies. Peer competition and politics in some teams. Artificial negativities in the review process due to force curve and managing out bottoms.
Product teams operate in silos, product roadmaps seem to change daily, lack of execution on good ideas
The only constant is change.
huge org. 1 size does not fit all
Absolutely the weakest management I have ever worked for in my entire career. Big disconnect between headquarters and the field. Not a good company to express an opinion that does not agree with the management fad of the day.
slow in making decesion. Not very aglie. they will need to focus more on core prodcts then doing lots of other stufff
Current leadership team is weak and lack true leadership skills Current leadership team are inexperienced and run company by playing favorites Bullying management style
Senior management is ridiculously political and dysfunctional. It is amazing the company continues to be profitable despite the lack of strong leadership.
very subjective biased performance review systems where politic and curve based ranking & rating yield low morale to most employee except those who know how to play the politic game and do nothing except pointing finger in the name of impact & influence..
Heavy org. Management chain too deep. Not fast enough to adapt to market demanding.
A bit too many senior persons Old fashion way of development life cycle Too many re-orgs/reset
Big companies that tends to have big teams have mostly the same problem. The decision chain will not likely be agile enough. It's a matter of size and size comes from the culture of the company. Sometimes a whole bunch of smart people can't win a single smart person.
Sluggish growth and a very repetitive career model Too much fat in upper management to be good for the company Management cliques are unfair
Because it's a Canadian subsidiary, might have to keep on your toes while waiting on future direction from corp, which can delay projects, etc.
The "calibrations" -- review -- process is taxing, and on many occasions, does not necessarily reward the best talent, but rather, those that made themselves more visibly present (read: less hidden behind their computer screens) and also, accomplishments close to the end of the fiscal year, rather than various feats throughout the year.
Review process can be a pain as it is on a forced curve. Someone always gets the bottom 7%. On the upside this in theory improves the employee base but it also adds some stressful competitive elements Like any large company, politics are unavoidable and must be navigated and handled with care Experience varies wildly within the company, can be in amazing group or nightmare group, but there is always mobility if reviews are good
Dead end strategy in some sectors, work yourself to the bone and no one cares, a lot of selfish big egos
- Some teams value quantity over quality - be careful where you end up - Benefits are going away - many tend to think Microsoft is the only employer with good insurance coverage, this is not true, as many others offer insurance with no copays or deductibles - Food is unhealthy (calories, fat, sodium, etc.) and expensive at our cafeterias (minor exception in the Commons) - SDET staff tend to stagnate in their level longer than other roles
'networks' that you need to be connected to.
resistance to chance little actual innovation
Not great leadership, rarely interested in staff
Very big place which seems to react to market trends more than I'd like to see. Mobile is a great example of this.
Process is slow and review system is disfunctional
The difference between a contractor and full time employee creates a hostile environment between people. They treat their full time employees very well, however, take advantage of contractors
Sometimes, it gets hard to get things done Technical skills will be limited to the Microsoft stack Opportunities for getting to senior roles/levels getting harder
- hard to move up - review system - over communication - work life balance
Stagnant, very limited technology (no open source)
Can be a very competitive environment The organization is management-heavy, and the manager's word is golden. So if you get on the wrong side of your manager, you might as well kiss your career goodbye
Tasks are split far apart horizontally throughout the organization - hard to avoid with such a large organization. Not many downsides here, really.
Due to the size of the company and products most mktg roles are involved in a feature subset or customer subset. Very rare to own a product or a segment making you very specialized creating a deficit of other skills
Salary/perks are ok. Work culture is good.
Terrible executive business strategy (reliance on monopoly), Steve Ballmer, flat stock price for a decade, uncool perception, Zune, Bing, stagnation
Terrible executive business strategy (reliance on monopoly), Steve Ballmer, flat stock price for a decade, uncool perception, Zune, Bing, stagnation
working for visibility, evangelism, show casing unworthy featuress
The competition is very high in the company. So you have to be very adaptive in the company to make your position stable
Not much innovation Seattle is cloudy everyday Too much competition among engineers
Stock price is getting stuck. Senior management is below average (or haven't figured out way to truly lead the innovation). Compete with everyone on the market without clear focus.
Heavy structure, heavy process and somewhat bad management
can get very competitive and excellent performance reads as "satisfactory" when it comes to being reviewed (on a curve)/getting promoted. on the other hand, the regimented review structure does not necessarily expose some sub-par employees
Performance salaries could have been better
Very transactional job. Overall horrible performance review system. Manager change in middle of the year and causes realignment of priorities.
I am not really sure if there are any downsides to this company as of right now. It would be great if the current healthcare policy could be extended for a bit longer time.
Some frustrations with career progression between subsidiary and regional team. Location of office makes parking expensive and challenging to secure
Didn't matter the quality of work if you were with the 'in crowd' Manager took credit for great work team did, and we weren't allowed to speak to higher level execs If people only knew...
Politics Top heavy management Lack of clear strategy sometimes
The politics between groups and managers spins individual contributors into unproductive efforts. Compensation rewards delivering NEW projects, tools, and services over sustaining and improving what is already working.
performance management process, typically people over think / complicate things, benefits changing, lack of opportunity for professional growth / development
It is too large a place now and it is easy for people to just rest and vest. Need to get the 'zing' back.
females/Test/PM get preferntial treatment - Being a manger, I have been told this by HR and management. This company just does not get it.
From some of my friends, the experience at Microsoft can vary. If you get a crappy manager, your life can be a living hell. If you are in a bad org, upper management can also hinder instead of promote evolutionary changes.
Poor management, poor management integrity
Needs to work on the marketing a little bit
Microsoft is a big company and hence it has big responsibility which put some load on every employee time and effort.
There is a lot of traveling involved. Sometimes the data entering systems seemed outdated. Too focused on competitors and not on improvement
Typical of most large companies, there are politics and "insider"-type information that is sometimes necessary to keep up with in order to get where you want to be career-wise. Easy to get lost in the shuffle of things and find your career stagnate.
Bureactic as the company is getting bigger. Lack of innovation while enjoying the early success in Windows platform. Lack of vision in current leadership team.
It does not offer good compensations and promotions within the company is hard as too many people is waiting inline. Sometimes, the policies are not clear and hard-working people may not be recognized because of politics.
1) Work is all porting
There is a lot of process and often discussing how to do something takes longer than actually doing it
shark like work environment overall
no work-life-balance at all. expect to be "always connected" in the name of "flexibility"
Upper management makes some very questionable decisions, yet does not have to pay for it since microsoft is so rich.
Upper management makes some very questionable decisions, yet does not have to pay for it since microsoft is so rich.
1. It moves slow now 2. Lot of PMs 3. Careful while moving to different groups 4. Duplication of work
Microsoft is becoming more and more difficult to take the initiative without multiple endless studies and second guessing before approval to move forward.
Slowing growth potential. Low stock price.
Very dysfunctional bureaucracy relative to other software companies.
-You are merely a number to leadership and you'd do well to never forget that -Good management practices are not rewarded, but even discouraged -Upper management completely disconnected from front line businesses -Performance management system has little to do with real performance -HR bows to the army of lawyers - Good luck getting support or even a straight answer from anyone if there is ever a problem with your employment
Terrible upper management, poor vision of the future, lots of waste and duplication of effort. Extreme difficulty with cross team collaboration
The company is not hiring and growing like it used to, so some of the growth opportunities are more competitive internally now. For top performers, however, one can continue to advance and grow in their career.
Some cons about working at Microsoft include - depending on the product group, work environment is slow paced, constant reorganizations
A lot of positions have very low "glass ceilings" and the way Microsoft calibrates it's employees against each other doesn't always come across as equitable, leading to potential inequality, and reviews based on personal opinions, and who shouts loudest in Management meetings.
- Large organization and difficult to get recognized - Performance ratings are done by stacked ranking where the "bottom x%" is always penalized - Difficult to get promoted at later stages in your career
-limited upward mobility beyond mid-level careers: entrenched senior managers limit ability for promotions to higher levels -new review model appears to be a disaster, with many people surprised by bad review scores and overall morale very low on some teams
not much recognition not satisfied with management
Their enterprise sales force is hit or hiss. Some of them are great, others are not as strong yet compensation is relatively equal so there is a sense of entitlement from sales and engineering.
no work life balance and kiss up and kick down culture. the bureaucracy becomes life sapping after a couple of years. the 8 layers of management have stifled all nimbleness the company ever had
Too much process in every little decision Slow to release, even in services division
Weak management in IDC Salary not comparable to other companies Bad review system like college grades Stocks options are pretty bad. The stock prices never ever grow up.
not a startup, big company, like any other, probably better than most
I found management to be somewhat removed from the operations on the street. The culture at Microsoft is very political in nature. Much of life at Microsoft is managing/selling back to internal management. Since Microsoft is usually low cost provider, they typically have a lot of scrutiny on expenses and a tendency to shift that expense burden to the Microsoft partner community. Salaries are generally lower than other software companies. Poor training experience overall
still catching up with fallout of vista disaster
You have to be comfortable working in a large company. Large companies have a set of constraints like backward compatibility and legal challenges that smaller, newer companies do not.
Incompetent senior management Too many project managers with non-relevant experience Lack of trend foresight Difficult to succeed with innovated ideas
work hour is more specially meetings @ night
Microsoft employees is a little bit selfish.
Sucks your profile. Don't join SDET if you really love to code and grow in life.
Difficult to have a good enough work life balance.
Once you get to a certain level, internal politics starts to kill you
Very very poor management communication. Products are built without anyone having the big picture until you are many levels up. Silos within silos within silos lead to disconnected products. Many people are more focused on their reviews than on building great products Do not work here if you want to ask questions or challenge assumptions in a politely academic manner. Do work here if you love playing politics.
Very political. You need to self promote yourself constantly in order to get a fair compenstaion ranking for promotion.
-Very long hours.  -Some Uptight employees
-Very long hours.  -Some Uptight employees
incompetent leaders, senior managers getting layed off, unstable work security
Too slow. Should be a lot faster to market
-Very questionable decisions by executive management, missed opportunities (smartphone, tablet) -Review system is unfair, political, and is an 'move up or out' tool for management -Mediocre middle management -Executive management does not value their front line employees -Executive management fails to make moves that would boost the stock price - buybacks, dividend increase
Large and slow moving Behind on innovation Limited career and growth opportunities Risk taking and out of the box thinking is not recognized or rewarded Matrix organization leads to lack of accountability Organizational separation of R&D and Product Management leads to conflicting goals
Too much fat in the middle layers. Opportunities for growth are limited beyond a point.
As a big company there is a Microsoft way to do everything - and sometimes it is a real drag. Don't look for nimble here.
lack of innovation, Bureaucracy US -centric
if you are good at politics, that is the place you want to go
Too many people. Too less innovative products coming down lately. Constant shift in focus. Not challenging enoough to compete in mobile space.
Management was stodgy on some issues. Very resistant to change and sometimes feel like I'm getting ignored. Benefits cut as economy tanked.
Sometimes teams or groups are scrapped (senior management decisions) leaving the employees floating
Getting too big, political and bureacratic. Engineering culture is focused on shipping instead of on excellence. Internal competitiveness gets dysfunctional.
However low salary in top companies. No amazing project in China site, you'd better transfer to Redmond.
Although it is a very good company, It has been evilized.
Large company bureacracy can be a pain but is nothing that you don't see at other similiar sized organizations. In services, your experiences are based on the customer culture so its important to find the right fit.
stressful environment and management may show more respect to employee
If you are looking to ride a position into retirement or "forced retirement" then this is the company for you. Just don't be suprised if they hire a person right out of college and they pay them just as much as you, regardless if you have been there 10 years. 60% of market on salary, which is hard to swallow when the company makes 70 billion a year.
No real value on R&D employees outside of Redmond/Puget Sound area Old school thinking and management No "hunger" to move quickly in response to competitors and win
Career graphs screw-up long term Full of back stabbing Highly bureaucratic and full of dirty politics Inhibits growth and opportunities No transparency in the work culture Be ready for surprises (in bad terms) Only chatter-boxes can grow
Highly political -- lots of talented individuals working independantly
long hours of work no flexibility Hierarchy
Too much marketing, unsatisfying people management.
You must be extremely good at office politics. It is the only way to move forward. Their review system sucks. Prepare to kiss some a***
Pay is not competitive. Review is not fair
Diluted culture - MS went on a hiring binge from 2006 to 2008 and and clearly compromised on the quality of people hired. A lot of people there simply aren't passionate about technology. Culture now feels more like a government department than a world class technology blue-chip.  Death by scorecard - scorecards rule your work, particularly in sales. Easy to play the game and just go for green metrics on the scorecard rather than innovate and anticipate future market changes.
too big a company and micro mananaged
limited career growth opportunity outside of the HQ, sometimes slow to promote
Microsoft is a R&D company at its heart -- marketing is not a core competency for the company. Early stage marketers can certainly benefit from the learning and exposure but for midlevel marketing professionals aspiring to lead or have solid control ... it is a tough place to work. Constant politics and limited promotion opportunities are a major facet of current situation. Performance expectations are brutal and supported by a very opaque, half science / half art system for performance reviews.
Large company issues with ability to staff things quickly, can seem very slow to react. Seems like its a little stagnant in more senior ranks now.
Politics at all level is very high Favourites are given preference Work Health Index Poll kills manager potential - Lead them to Diplomacy
You can get stuck on one area.
i think it is fun to be with computers and latest technology.
Stress, Work life balance might be a hit
pay scale is less than competitors
Limited employee loyalty Communicate more by email and IM instead of phone and face-to-face. Poor home/work life balance
In my organization I felt anybody who advanced in their career became more and more disrespectful of those they worked with.
Too much bureaucracy Takes too long too grow your career It seems to be more about length of service than talent
. Highly political environment . Detractors everywhere . Major changes in org. structure happen continously . No clear reporting line
It is difficult to advance without an engineering focus when working in the business units. It is also important to note that the stock has underperformed and been stagnant for years.
Too much politic in most teams.
- lack of centralized engineering - no senior technical leadership - divisions are concerned about making their own money and don't cooperate - separate dev, test, and pm orgs - rarely is a leader - too many people - people are concerned about protecting their own careers
extreme work pressure there has to have work life balance.
Very slow Very political Lack of innovation
it has become too large to have agility.
- Work/life balance is non-existent - No longer forward-thinking (i.e too many 'me-too' offerings) - Performance evaluations are ambiguous - Ability to move within the company is limited - Morale in many departments is low
More senior technical roles and progression would be helpful
Company is too big, so the personal grow is not as fast as other start-ups. Also, the communication between each other is not as good as start-ups, sometimes you have to spend a lot of time to dig out some knowledge from other people, and after a while, you just give up, and want to figure out by yourself. Personally, I don't like this type of working environment, because it doesn't help the business moving, but this is what happen for every big corporation, not just Microsoft.
Management did not always recognize people fairly, people promoted to management roles without people skills, based on other unrelated managerial skills. HQ priorities didn't always trickle down to the field management and direction in a timely manner.
Some teams have inertia and are stuck.
Some teams have inertia and are stuck.
Horrible internal politics. Poor management in areas. Annual review process is extensive and based on curve. Very poor work-life balance.
It took me 4 1/2 hours to drive to work.
Have to be really smart and resuly oriented, need to thrive in chaos
1. The company as a whole seems to be slower in adjusting to competitors and market changes. 2. Stock has been dormant for 10+ Years 3. Heavy workload can make work life balance a challenge
Sometime to process oriented and slow to react
Perhaps org structure not flat enough.
poor work life balance, difficult to get time off in some cases, too many work weekends.
Culture has gotten more political. Internal hiring encourages promotion of non-white males. Not that it's a major issue, but it was frustrating.
you need to be close at least couple of powerful management
they love themselves a little too much - too many average developers who think very highly of themselves yet are producing pretty trashy code. political management. definitely more of a toe the line company environment than a results based one.
becoming more rigid due to size politics is taking more of a driving role rather than innovation focus work/life balance is less than ideal
few holidays than expected, very sad and that
not a promising one. there are too many levels among people. management is a big issue.
Bad work/life balance. Too many re-orgs and corporate BS to allow stars to shine. Having a family and actually wanting to see them sometimes should not be a liability to your career.
Most of the IDC team are involved in second grade work. Different division inside the organization are not collaborating at all. though employees were recognized on good work but only just doing good work is not necessary and sufficient condition for getting good review.
The product cycle is very long, especially in Microsoft Office. A typical product takes three years to get out the door.
Management doesn't know whats its doing.
I have been working at Microsoft about four years now. I would is that you need to get extra hours. Depends on the manager - but i have seen cases where they were not given good reviews even spending extra hours. Does pay what you deserve. No clarity of what exactly needs to be done to get to next level or to get good performance review - they deliberatly make those lines blur so that at the end of the year you can not claim I have done what you said ,...
Using mostly MS technologies. Very few teams use other technologies.
You must always keep moving. If you stay at one position for more than 24 months, then you are considered to be to complacent.
lot of office politics and work pressure
Work-life balance Cafeterias Trying to switch career tracks
Product teams too detached from market
work environment is not too friendly. also people are not very active.
The company doesn't know who they are any longer. Sad that they're managing themselves into irrelevance.
-Marketing isn't truly valued in most parts of the company -There is a definite polical & class system. Those who are selected as the stars see lots of opportunities. If you just miss that very top % cutoff it is difficult to get opportunities -In some parts of the company there is a defined effort to squeeze out mid layers of managment making career advancement very difficult for senior ICs
No issues with the company.
Too much internal processes and internal analysis and planning / meetings without much customer / partners facing activities and also working together with partners to provide value to the partners.
Too many and too frequent reorgs, changes need to be made at top and senior levels on strategies, keen on rising risks and proactively address them, than changing at low level work bees, focus too much on intense internal competitions than winning outside customers.
Too many and too frequent reorgs, changes need to be made at top and senior levels on strategies, keen on rising risks and proactively address them, than changing at low level work bees, focus too much on intense internal competitions than winning outside customers.
some teams are better while others having terrible managers. compensations are too low as you go
Bureaucracy Politics Slow process The company is slow to react to changes in the business
Some organization tend to be very process heavy which can be conceived in a negative or positive manner by engineers.
With a company the size of Microsoft, they sometimes have difficulty stopping and turning direction on a dime. Or worse yet, be ahead of their time and fail to capitalize on their early arrival in a market (tablets, mobile, search)
Managment has become awful, company run like walmart, it's all about what have you done for me today. Often times threatened with having job cut.
Not enough innovative, too responsive,
Politics, power game and less of human relation.Most of the middle management should be tossed.Work Life unbalance and so on.
Legacy. some products follow some legacy code and practicess..
With the tedious interview process, I thought I will work on some ground breaking technologies, and was not satisfied with the work there. And politicking, unreasonable, unfair middle management is something of a concern. Reviews and ratings are decided even before discussing with the employee, leaving the employee entirely at the mercy of managers. This leads to a lot of attrition and refilling positions is very slow creating more trouble again for employees. First level managers are chosen without any criteria leading to chaotic environment.
ms is has grown too big with multiple layers of management. decisions are made by wrong group of people
Feeling of stagnation may come with years. Lack of challenging assignments at time depending on what team you are in.
Managers who have no training in managing people. Just because they may be great at their job doesn't mean that they'll be great at managing people. Also, managers who have no expertise on the content they're managing. Sense of inauthenticity, and dishonesty by managers results in distrust by their employees.
entrenched, inward focused, loosing energy and confidence, process heavy, compensation is perpetually low. it seems that they try to hard to just barely compensate their folks enough to keep them in place, and they rely too much on their brand recognition as a recruiting tool.
It is a big company so there is a lot of management chain, so it takes longer to get your idea out the door.
there is a lot of politics, too many people working on the same stuff
SAlery is really bad, internal fights of revenue, not recognizing the sales work, finance more after to find a way to not pay salery than recognize people.
You can be shuffled around with no recourse, management is often not available and most groups play favorites. Currently not a lot of innovation or drive on the parts of groups.
Rewards often seem to be based more on how you "sell" what you did rather than what you did If you aren't savvy politically, you can get crushed Review system combined with bloated senior/principal layers can foster atmosphere where teamwork suffers
The company is too large, code base too large
Some teams are not so great. Microsoft is a big company with all the bureaucracy and politics that go along with that.
Pressure and stress to complete work tasks within schedule is unreasonable. Corporate philosphy is to burn & churn employees until they're no longer able to deliver at the next level. Nothing 'new' has been created in years, simply taking existing ideas and re-packaging them to make a better mousetrap.
Can be stressful, as there is always something new to learn and keep up with. Rare? 40 hour work week.
Senior managements lacks comunication skills and team work
Microsoft has lost their way in a number of areas and are being outplayed by more nimble competitors. This can be frustrating.
the corp is too large, you only focus on one point
easily get fed up with works.
Large company and the problems that come with scale.
Some of the senior leaders do not take proper decisions, lack of innovation some times too much burocracy
It is getting too political now.
Traditional Corp environment bureaucratic organization
since company is big, you need to devote considerable time to internal communications.
- Company politics and inadequacy of top management to reach out to lower level managers, most of the business verticals work in silos
* Management makes it clear that we are all just deck chairs on the Titanic * Senior Leadership is condescending and believes we should be grateful to have a job * Workforce is increasingly bitter and the environment becomes more toxic each year
Polititcal, immune to data, incompetent leadership from the very top. An attitude of "the best is already at Microsoft", yet they don't listen to anyone inside anyways. This ship has sailed.
Bureaucratic- it has gotten more political every year and that often gets in the way of getting things done.
No work-life balance. On-call rotation. Cut throat environment Stressed out all the time.
No real cons to be made an issue out of. The system takes a bit of time to weed out the bad hires that make it in, but its only because of the sheer size/ growth.
review system sometime hard to understand and appreciate, a lot processes, it's hard to get recognized, a lot of politics
each team is like a small company with its own budget, which makes it very hard to get a higher position, be better trained
It has very few downsides.
The salary is not good enough, considering the competition among local company. The company does not grow fast enough, so you don't have the feeling of parts of great innovation. The work and life is not balanced. Used to work till 8:00 PM.
Managers aren't valued for their people skills Managers are valued for managing up If you're an experienced veteran - that can actually execute, you're not that valued Scorecard and Metric Driven
I have no major or even minor complaints.
the politics are insane, severe lack of women leaders, a lot of unnecessary churn due to inefficient and large scale operations, be careful of becoming a powerpoint monkey that can't function outside the company
There are many great individuals but they may not be the best 'people manager'. Lacking in talented strong mid-level managers that has the experience to mentor or coach their teams.
Chances for growth are very slim, no longer the company that it used to be
Culture has changed and not for the better. Advancement not evident but that is my opinion or problem
May get a lil bit bulky for career growth
- resistance to change the culture - many wasted duplications in different divisions - play catch up games in mobile - lag in tablets
- resistance to change the culture - many wasted duplications in different divisions - play catch up games in mobile - lag in tablets
Senior management can and do make stupid decisions. Sometimes feels like you do not have control of the project you are working on. But lately, the Tanker ship has rounded the corner, and I'm getting less and less worried about our company's direction.
The company is so large, it's hard to feel like you're really a part of something.
Graveyard Shift Being on call for the weekend
Too much politics, inter communication rather real work
Some teams are too much perception oriented rather than looking at the performance. If not in the right team, sometimes you may end up in a very stagnant career.
the team where I'm in is too number focused (even not result focused). The number really drives me crazy. Those numbers in many angles do not fully reflect the actual business situation and it actually can hurt the company and also employees
Spineless management who care NOTHING for thier staff. High pressure and levels of stress. Absolutely NO honesty or loyalty shown by senior management tho thier reports. You can lose your job in this company in a heartbeat whilst doing a good job. The company politics are unbelievable.
lack of growth and lack of communication from management
Overall, the salaries are ok in the industry. But it is hard to compete with facebook and google. And the benefit is going down.
Microsoft is struggling to find its place in the new world.
management a little awkward at times
Microsoft is a very competitive company. You have to work hard for advancement and awards. It is not a government job!
Programming language is mainly C#. Other companies mainly use Java, C++ and Unix. Therefore, some knowledge and technology learned here are not portable.
A myth here is, PM, Dev and Test are "3 pillars". In fact PMs are the most important one here -- they're half the leadership team. They're also under the most workload. Devs are the most cost effective -- least workload, mild-paced promotion. Tests are the most tedious and of the most workload, and least participated in strategic discussions in all.  Being in such a monster company, no one has high efficiency -- sometimes >50% time is spent to handle ugly labor cases such as upgrade, side by side, security, backward compatibility, etc, many bugs on >10 year C/C++ codebase need to be fixed before being able to write in C#, huge external dependencies on other timezoned ares (typically Redmond) are painful, you have to mail them a question and get reply tomorrow, then you modify your question the day after -- typical global-scoped work is as slow as crazy.  But the worst thing is the shabby manager level. As a 3/4 year old campus, most managers and leads are less than 3 year in microsoft, most of them are Chinese industry hires from companies not comparable to Microsoft, thus they share a common serious problem, lack of leading abilities and real insights. A bunch of mediocre leaders are ruining the great dreams of excellent 1-from-1000 engineers.
Not being Creative Sales pitch not effective Marketing is not great
- Not too much product innovation so it can be pretty boring for a marketing person - Dominant market share, huge chunk of cash in the bank means there is no hunger to be better and all the talent hired don't have too many "real life-and-death" challenges to deal with and as a result focus their intellectual power on internal processes, perfecting them, honing them. Result: Things get unnecessarily complicated. The culture of complexity in this organization is amazing -- and it shows in Microsoft products.
Work life balance, package, support
Too many "middle managers" stuck in the way and not pushing. Too much secrecy and not enough cross team work. Severe lack of accountability for upper management.
Process centric and multiple layers of intermediaries and bureaucracy sometimes hinders action and creativity. Few opportunities to own things end to end, responsibilities spread across multiple positions.
dysfunctional organisation, too much internal polictis
Too big to stay nimble and hungry
- hard to advance within the company - not very creative - remote site.
Very limited vertical promotion capabilities.
Very stressful at times and too many processes and project management
It can get quite stressful and working overtime is common
Agressive culture Health benefits being reduced
-Management disorganized, lacking vision -Lack of clarity on role boundaries -Promotions are quite subjective (which can work to your advantage or disadvantage)
Incompetent Middle management NEW CEO required to jumpstart resurgence Huge product line gap in Mobile market Strategy development processes not very innovative
Hard to progress To much emphasis on reviews
Hard to progress To much emphasis on reviews
Long work hours. Especially at the time of software releases. It is not uncommon for us to work 15 hours at times of release.
Manager with the performance review is a killer, my previous manager left, new one from other sub. coming and within one month put underperformed, even I have 150% revenue based.  a performance System that is subjective but can end your career in Microsoft, very hard to ask a 2nd opinion.  I had two second shoot to comeback to two different country, but in the end your previous performance is still there and that close the door.
* A re-org every 12 to 18 months -- in 15 years with MS I had more than 20 job descriptions and 12 managers. * Best managers come from outside, but usually don't last too long. Of my 12 managers, I had 2 that I'd consider EXCELLENT, and both came in from IBM. * You are really on your own when it comes to career training / development.
too big a company. promotions are hard to come by. lot of redtape and processes to follow for project completion
Huge company, division structures constantly re-org'ing, and general frustration with the pace at which things were sometimes done or decided upon.
alieanation, negative competition, lost in the crowd, impersonal touch
Company has become too big to make a change in terms of policies, compensation, strategy. Most of the products are very mature and there is very little for change. That way the challenge is not to innovate but to upgrade the existing softwares with the competing world.  Still most of the functionalities are targeted at keeping the cashcows in mind. You develop a functionality if you know the enterprise will buy it.
Like any other big company its internal processes and systems take up way too much time. High level politics take over common sense and the general talent suffers.
Too bureaucratic. Not too innovative. Losing ground to google and the others.
it's just about my division, other division could have different stories. There is just too many re-orgs in our division (at partner level).
Not much room for growth if you are looking to be the next mark zuckerberg or some big player in the IT fields. Some people I worked worth were not motivated at all.
Large organization which requires navigation of matrix structures
The biggest downside working for Microsoft at the time was the limited ability to earn money in sales. The base salaries were fine, but the bonus (commission) scheme was limited.
- work/life balance - too much top down scheduling - make sure you manage your career carefully. - leads are sometimes better (even star) individual contributors than people manager. need more manager training. - review process. you need to learn to play the game.
People there too narrow minded (they do not realize outside world may provide better ideas sometimes), Mgmt uses performance review as a tool to get ride of people not a way to help people grow, Smart people sometimes fight in a even mean way for small pieces of promotions,
Big company with a tendency to use overlay sales approach. A few too many spreadsheet jockeys who focus on title and promotion at the expense of making a real contribution.
bad performance apprisal process demotivates employees
Heavy on processes Broken review process Slow velocity
Too many layers, becoming more political driven versus performance driven
- not a fast ship but a huge tanker - very performance driven
- you can get overworked and feel burnt-out - competition is intense ( most people here are incredibly smart, so even if you are used to being the "smartest one" in school or other small companies, be prepared to just be "average" here)
The local management team in Microsoft GTSC will not think even once before ruining an employee's career, just to stick to its lame ego. If your manager does not want you to grow [because he/she is biased], you cannot grow no matter how great you perform and no matter how other people conceive you as a great performer. Basically, you are a puppet of your manager. Boot licking rocks! Most of the managers I got to interact with do not even know what Microsoft is all about. They just want to show the number of $$ they save out of the allocated budget. They have made Microsoft India a breeding ground for politics, racism, and bribery. Yes, feel free to bribe your manager to get your promotion, role change, level change, department change, and whatever else you wish for.
HR people show the compensation blown up. Do not have faith on their words unless they give things in writing. They will hire you at title of lead\manager but when you enter you willfind it equivalent to Sr.Engg or lead i.e. 1 level down (Why as they have different concept of internal and on paper title). Facilities similar to service based companies. You will definitely regret in terms of facilities if you are coming from Product based companies. I was amazed to see that people are getting laptops which are outdated. No Free lunches, No snacks items, A big campus where people have to walk under direct sun or rain after parking their vehicles. Environment of dissatisfaction among both old and new employees. Only people who have stayed a long time in Redmond and are in good position wants to be here. New employees feels like they have been cheated if they are moving here from any other product based company. Contractors are treated like people of lesser dignity. Overall: Not so good place to work specially if you are coming here from a good product based company. Do not get impress by the Brand name.
high demand on personal time. My specific mgmt displayed what I thought was tunnel vision... no real communication provided that allowed you to be proactive... mostly a reactive environment..
- more PM over head - some good PM's , but majarity did not have a clear picture of what they should do. - Spending a lot for line of code ( mainly funding PM's who doesn't code /test ). - Ego , never try to learn from industry
too aggressive, no work life balance at all, very political, mature company, not a lot of opportunity to do things from the scratch or make big changes, low compensation.
risk of extreme internal politics interferring with external customer/partner priorities
Too large to stand out
Dont see any other than city
Management, incompetence with performance reviews and all things HR related, inability to identify visionary products that will excite and astound
-really bureaucratic organization -feel like another cog in the machine -recognition may not be too personal -routine work at the lower levels
No longer seen as an industry leader. Use to lead in several markets but in last 5 years have begun to stagnate (other than Windows/Office cash cows) and now struggle to catch up in several markets. Do/Say ratio completely out of whack
Poor senior manager without vision
Lack of continuity in strategy, management and personell placement. Three different managers in first year with completely different role expectations.
It can become bureocratic over time but if you are passionate about an idea an fight for it you can get it implemented if you persist
work life balance is challenging if you want to advance internal competition, siloed management, and reward / recognition strategy sometimes lead to unintended consequences
Institution and connecting with outside Microsoft
Employees must be successful at operating within a very political environment with little transparency as to how decisions are made.
The company is too big and therefore has too many processes that you have to go through to get anything down. From product development point of view, backward compatibility has somewhat slowed down new feature developing.
- no full time opportunity at entry level
Low in terms of career prospects or really getting to know the business. Pay was extremely low too.
agility, ability to influence leadership decisions
political, corporate, little opportunity for advancement unless you're a player. Employees are valued for how much they suck up to their manager and get elevated based on how political their manager is. You can be a stellar employee and go unnoticed if you're manager isn't a player. If he or she is, the sky is the limit.
Too much travel for my role and org as a whole is numbers driven
In some groups there is lot of internal politics. IDC managment imposes silly rules in order to prevent attrition to Redmond.
some people are extremely geekish senior management do not help the interns
Low pay, way the promotions are given, what is said is never done.
The org has a deep hierarchic structure. When you're hired, you often cannot choose where you're going to work and, unless you are extremely competent, confident and pushy, it's hard to get to contribute in the area of your choice.
If you exceed your annual goals and commitments and love your job and don't want to change or move up the ladder it is not appreciated and you are labeled a "pro in place" and probably will be the first to go in a lay-off situation.
Lot of opportunities. Unable to juggle for personal satisfaction
Sometimes it feels too big! too many organizations, too many levels, yet it feels kind of flat as many levels seems hollow and without purpose.
It takes times to find your way but once you do, you would love it. Some get lucky with great managers and their career is much more focused.
Keen competition. Hard working, stressful.
was great now filled w/ lots of ppl who outsource the work, marketing that doesn't understand or have a passion for the technology and spend too much time competing with other parts of the company. Ballmer sets a terrible tone
depending on division, career advancement may be an issue
very pressing and therefore not enough time for interacting with my family and friends. As such it needs to be considered as a non-permanent place to be
Meetings, meetings and more meetings. Secret agendas. They had a policy of open and honest but it simply wasn't an open environment. I was told to spend 25% of my time on internal politics if I planned to move up the ladder. When you have to spend so much time watching your back...how do you successfully sell?
It varies from team to team - If you ar estuck in a bad team, it is difficult to move out. Hence, there is luck involved.
- Grew too fast - Windows & , Windows & Office,Windows & Office,Windows & Office,Windows & OfficeWindows & Office, etc
- Grew too fast - Windows & , Windows & Office,Windows & Office,Windows & Office,Windows & OfficeWindows & Office, etc
If you joined on a wrong level, No matter how good you work you need to wait for a fixed period of time.
Hire on perception known devil is better than unknown anger policy in IJPs slow growth GTSC doesn't offer very good WLB due to the nature of support business
Takes long time to make a decision. Difficult to bring new ideas. Old guards think they own all the stake in the company
Difficult to work with some senior management and has very old fashion Japanese culture even though it is US company.
- Need to follow many rules/processes
- your life quality, promotions, recognitions completely dependent on your manager- you really don't want to be unlucky there! - manager picks 1 person from the team as a "superperformer" to be pushed forward, the rest has to deliver results anyway, otherwise can go to hell - internal tools from Middle Ages
Another group was terrible - there was no coordination between the different teams, and too many "high priorities " at once. It was not clear whether the right things were happening. There are so many teams in a company of 90,000+ people that it really doesn't matter whether I name it or not, your chances of arriving there are miniscule.
For working mothers, hard place to grow and keep balance between work-family. Extra hours put in close to any sort of release ( 60 hours/week ) is normal / expected but not rewarded. Amibition + hardwork is not enough - you need to be aggressive as well.
processes are killing it and losing momentum
Long hours (but then most companies today require this!)
Like any other big companies, it is sometimes hard to start the execution of new ideas. If a new idea is not aligned with the company's direction, then it is hard to get resources.
Senior management has no leadership and very obvious in certain countries. Staff has no working discipline. Late for customer meetings. Need to stop that Microsoft-ego! It's not as good as you think.
Company too slow Bureaucratic Lacking consumer view, still. Too little innovation, if innovation is there, execution often poor Not clear enough long-term strategy Too much reliance on Office and Windows Too much people redundancy Some really bad hires, which resulted in b-people hiring b and c people
Politics, very slow, lots of dead wood.
-Testers(SDET's ) do not get as many opportunities to work on the product. Low job satisfaction -Company vision confusing -Senior Mgmt unresponsive to an extent
- Be prepared to be flexible - frequent changes are a given - Good work is not enough - you need to figure out what will make you successful in each org (they are all different) - It is more about individual success not always the team
Management confusion at times with vision for the company.
Politics, weak moral, leaning loyalty
Leadership was better in the late 90's....its now political promote your self at the expense of your peers team. Teamwork is doa.
