Fun work environment, great managers
We work with geniuses - in every department, We create innovative products that thrill our customers and create new product categories - who else can say that?
Competitive Pay, Great Benefits, Amazing People, Great Work, Awesome Opportunities, Excellent Experiences, Great atmospheres in a beautiful store, no matter where you're working!
The position is at home. The company is AMAZING. There are limitless advancement opportunities. You work with some very cool people and the leadership cares about your development. You may get coaching but you never get battered or belittled. The pay is decent and the benefits include, 401(k) match, stock purchase options, product discounts and discounts on services across many different areas, education assistance, child care assistance, paid vacation, sick time and other time off options, health club Reimbursment or bike cost set off. You get 1.5 time for OT and it's pretty much unlimited as long as you don't exceed 12 hours in a day or 59 total in a week.
Salary, Hours, Time, Career opportunities
Great benefits: Tuition reibmursement (even for Part-time), Health care, Discounts,
Great benefits for retail store Co-workers are amazing, large age range, great people
Good benefits, very good experience, recognizable name.
It was ok. It is retail. Great benefits and they get better every year.
Loved my team, loved the customers
-Working from home -Generous compensation -Good support from manager
Its Cool To Work For
Pros - Awesome company to work for
RSUs, stock options, health benefits
Flexible scheduling, benefits, systems, and stock options.
Learned a lot about electronics and how to be creative
Great ambitions and the funds to throw toward those goals Generally smart folks who care about product to work with Take pretty good care of folks when medical/family situations require it
Great benefits, salary much higher than other retail jobs
Salary an job satisfaction is awesome
Experience Knowledge to use outside of workplace Community Co-workers
Generous employee discount Good work/life balance Great pay Inclusive, positive culture
Awesome pay, benefits, and the majority of the people there are amazing to work with.
Great benefits and there’s a genuine care for growth and development at Apple.
Great atmosphere, amazing people and the benefits are fitting for the caliber of company this is.
benefits galore, especially tuition reimbursement
Great work/life balance Amazing benefits Opportunities abound if you honestly seek them out Great office environment
great benefits and great company to work for
Flexible hours, great benefits, and effective training pertaining to both the role and the company.
Part time health benefit, special shutdown days, sick time, flexible hours, ability for cross training
Apple is a living , breathing, ever growing, constantly changing entity.
Good staff, Good training, Good location
Great coworkers, excellent benefits, interesting customers
great people and benefits, work is easy
You’re working for one of the most known companies in the world.
Great company with great chances to develope
Amazing CoWorkers, constant improvement to the process means they operate like a well-oiled machine
Smart people, great projects and visibility.
Good place, and you get the chance to work with talented people.
Flexible work hours with classes Good pay Work at home
Awesome company to work for
Great people to work with and benefits
It’s a Work from home job
Great work environment, receptive management, great training focus
Passion, excellence, and growth, opportunities, future
employee discounts, location, and promotion opportunities
Great company, stock options, great people
Plenty of autonomy, but also plenty of ambiguity. A culture of excellence pervades everything — and good ideas and dillegence and enthusiasm ARE appreciated and rewarded.
Pay, benefits, discounts, culture, certifications
They pay really well and they genuinely care about you as an employee
Great place to work at
Friendly environment. You meet lots of good people and you feel like you have helped someone when you leave work
great company to work at, specially if you're a college student. pay is good but expect to work a lot if you want to clime the latter up
great managers, friendly co-workers, overall a pretty supportive environment
Great culture, great work/life balance, great health plans, great perks.
Great benefits and good company culture
Strong company + good engineers and management to work with
Full benefits at 3 months
Cool products and you learn a lot.
Great brand recognition and first class products
Has the best engineers in the world and leading innovations.
Benefits are pretty good: 401k, discounts, etc
Decent benefits, meet some cool people.
Amazing Company Innovative Amazing Pay Paid Housing Great Location
Innovative, average comp, some good perks
One of the best companies to work for.  Best learning ground for an employee.
great company woot woot woot
Good Work-Life Balance in Apple
-At home -Flexible - Works around school
-Solid Pay -Community fun to work with
gym and language course , stock , medical coverage , training
Apple hires people who are good with people. Friends are easily made and for a retail environment, you can't find a better place to work. High end technology means high expectations and usually understanding customers. Great benefits for all employees, even part-time.
they really care about employees
It was a happy and engaging environment.
Good pay for decent work
good hours great supervisors loved the benefits
Great to engage with people over things you enjoy. Diverse and smart co-workers
Has essentially unlimited resources, with multiple software tools third party and home grown at your disposal. Engineering management typically follows a self-directed approach, fairly hands off (at least on the lower levels).
Great team environment, met some good friends
very good pay and benefits
Benefits, Culture, work life balance
The Salary and benefits are great.
-Great people to work with -Easy work
Many ways to develop. Supportive management team. Great team atmosphere
Great company/team, flexible schedule, plenty of learning opportunities, high pay for retail
Great people, culture & benefits.
Competitive work environment and great employee perks
amazing work environment, coworkers are really friendly
Great technical background that youll learn. Lots of rules and skills on how to deal with customer
great benefits, good people, fun environment
Great company to work for, with many benefits. Working from home can be nice Hard to take off work unless emergency
Flexible work schedule with school, full time benifits as part time, employee discount and rewards, at home.
Good benefits Good pay for what you do
You feel your work makes an impact. Your code is shipped with the product to user all over the world. Smart coworkers. Nice working environment. Lunch is pretty good but dinner is not.
Really good management. Had a manager that was mostly hands off but was a really good coach. It was always about improving, never focused on the negatives.
Apple has a great community. Everyone is helpful and laid back.
Working at Apple Retail is unlike any other retail experience. Great benefits. Great culture. Great people. You learn a lot and the "Apple" name on your resume will open a lot of doors.
Great flexibility and a lovely environment to work in. The supportive management and friendly people making working here a pleasure.
Lots of benefits. Great to work with customers.
Good pay and benefits, excellent internal support system
Great benefits and decent pay
They have good benefits, and depending on the location they work with your school schedule.
Decent pay, products usually ships, Good product design.
Like overall views of company
Cool people and discounts are decent
Great benefits, Great pay, Get to work from home.
The company truly cares about it's employees. Management is very supportive and wants to see you grow whether that be with the company or not. Great benefits for even part time workers. Work is rewarding and you really meet some amazing people along the way.
the people you work with
The benefits they offer for both full-time and part-time employees is hard to come by in the retail sector. You gain so much experience and there is room for moving up within the company. The training leaves you well-prepared for the world of customer service, and you will enjoy interacting with your customers everyday. It will rarely feel like retail and you'll become part of a big family. Apple is very team-oriented and they care about your personal development. There are a lot of opportunities and challenges you will face to help your growth within the company. If you choose not to stay there, you will be taking very valuable skills with you onto your next career path. I'd say this company is great for someone who has just graduated or is still continuing their studies.
The pay is decent for competitors. Good management and great trainers.
-Fun people to work with -Great benefits even for part time
- Health benefits, even if part-time - Stock options, even if part-time - Strong sense of community and a desire to enrich that community is shared by almost everyone - Good work/life balance - Plenty of advancement opportunities, even on a corporate level coming from retail
freedom, autonomy, simple, team oriented, straight forward,
good benefits for new entry job
I absolutely had a blast working for Apple, especially interacting with their management and training teams. I loved how they inspire creativity and empathy in their folks.
Essentially the best company you can work for in retail.  The company has a spine and stands up for important values.
great pay, first knowledge about products
A passionate company, full of people who want to change the world.
Great management lot of growth opportunities
The culture is amazing they really set you up for success
Made a lot of friends, great benefits, leaders were great and cared for you as an individual.
Great place to work at Friendly enviornment
iOS App Review is under the Marketing umbrella - which arguably throws some of the best parties. Unfortunately, you can't bring +1s, and they're increasingly segmenting this team away from the main events. Last party I attended, Marketing threw a holiday party for their team - and then they threw a second one that App Review was invited to. Reminds me of segregation. Not all Apple employees are created equal.  Healthcare is good - for now. Wouldn't be surprised if these full-time hourly roles eventually become contracted positions.  If you like to punch in on time - exactly on time, no more than 10-15 minutes earlier, definitely no more than 10-15 minutes later or you get written up - sit at your desk, pretend to be invisible to stay out of the drama, do your work with your head down, and then punch back out - this is exactly the right job for you.
I learned so much! The most rewarding period of my professional life.
Awesome people and atmosphere! Really great retail environment.
Lots of nice people to work with
Rsu, employee purchase, raises, team work
Coworkers are fantastic, and for a retail job it kicks butt. Pay is decent, benefits are incredible, and pace of the job is good. Company values are true, no weird “behind the scenes” things happening. Very much true to values and mission statements.
Big company for stable job and growth.
Apple has a unique and strong culture. Corporate runs a tight ship and thrives on work ethic and camaraderie. Your voice will be heard when issues arise and management is attentive and ready to engage in any circumstance. This job will elevate your level of excellence and push you to becoming a sharper professional. Benefits are good. Everything works. Aesthetically speaking Apple is bar none.
Get to work in latest gadgets/technology, won't get bored and have plenty of work. Plenty of interaction with different teams.
Work well with your schedule , high pay.
Benefits, Ok pay, tons to learn.
Coworkers - amazing, smart, funny, talented people. Couldn't ask for a better team. Discount on product. Discounted stock and RSU's. Medical, dental, vision.
As an employee you get to voice your opinion freely and be acknowledged for the same. Apple is very sensitive about its employee welfare
Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people, literally. It's a lot of pressure to get things right and drives one to do the best work of their lives. 2+ years later I'm still blown away by the talent and creativity of people I work with.
The comraderie and teamwork are amazing. The benefits have been second to none.
Great salary and very little work. I was given work that I could complete in about 4 hours/week, yet paid for 40. I constantly asked for more responsibility and more projects, but it was never granted. Unfortunately it left me feeling like I was being paid to sit on my hands.
Fair pay, interesting perks and benefits, if you stay within the lines and you may advance,
While at Apple, I built some great relationships. They taught me a lot about competencies and business acumen. It was a great place to work coming out of college.
work with good people and fast pace environment
Good school reimbursement benefits, work at home.
A great company with great benefits. Room for advancement.
I love the people who I work with and the flexibility that comes with the job. There is a much more flexible environment than most other part-time positions have. There try to do a lot of activities that include At-Home workers.
Excellent pay and insurance. Exciting work.
Great products. Fast paced results oriented environment. Cutting edge
Working from home, great benefits, equipment provided, stipend for internet.
*great pay, great benefits, plenty of training, great hours, flexible
Great Benefits, Decent Pay, Fun Virtual Workplace
Nice benefits and pretty understanding culture.
Care about employees, great benefits, wellness program helps pay for gym membership.
Excellent culture, smart & hardworking people, fast / dynamic work environment, lost of resources
Ensures that you are fully trained and capable of executing your daily tasks. Helpful managers and supervisors.
Innovative, exploring passions, enriching lives
Always busy, challenging, stimulating. Amazing culture
Benefits, time off, pay, management and training
Co workers are absolutely amazing, made a great bond with the people at my location.
Independence in intern project, treated as member of team
Flexible Management Good Hours (minimum of 20 hours always) Awesome benefits
Great Pay and benefits. Friendly helpful associates.
Pay is good, co workers are friendly and overall very positive environment
- Apple name on resume - Employee discount... isn't worth the trouble, pain, and PTSD you will experience
Great colleagues, benefits, and working environment
Empowered to provide direction both up and down
They send you all the equipment you need. They assist with training.
Brilliant teams of people, and great culture
- Amazing teamwork and group dynamic - Fantastic benefits, even for part time employment
Great Company Great Benefits and culture
Energetic workplace, good coworkers, decent pay & benefits.
The work environment in the corporate and retail setting is awesome. They put an emphasis on work life balance and if you love apple you will be around like minded people.
Friendly environment great benefits.
Great benefits, diverse community, culture created is great, and offers competitive pay.
The people Apple seeks out and tends to hire are wonderful. The teams are very diverse. Various employees from all age groups, ethnicities, and sexual orientations. The people I've met through working at Apple have been incredible and quickly became close friends. They weren't just work friends, but people I cared about, spent time with, and stayed in contact with.
amazing co-workers, great atmosphere, flexible time off
The people, the pace and the pay.
Industry standard benefits Diverse employee base Constantly evolving and innovating environment
Career growth options. Fast pace.
Fun Culture, definitely some smart people there.
Comprehensive benefits Time away Access to leading technology Work experience
Great salary, smart people, great projects.
Creative freedom to solve customer's problems
Unlimited resources, excellence in engineering.
The interviewing process was great. The recruiter placed a lot of pressure but things ended up working out.
Great benefits for students, epacially for tuition reimbursement.
Work at home. Great benefits and 401k match.
Dynamic environment, great people, great culture when everyone is held accountable to it
Products sell themselves, employees are friendly and knowledgable
Decent coworkers, Decent pay, Easy to have work/life balance since there was little time at work
Best reasons to work at Apple:  * The people you work with. * The environment you work in. * Stock Grants * Starting wages are pretty good in comparison to the rest of retail.
Fast-paced, goal-oriented environment that makes personal development and team collaboration incredibly easy to cultivate.
laid back, extended my contract for 2 years, instead of initial one year.
Good culture and people I worked with were great
Employers love seeing Apple on resumes, great training, tuition reimbursement, large network of peers, room for advancements.
Tremendous amount of knowledge gained
Good culture and you meet lots of great people. Benefits are great and you also get discounts on the products.
Benefits Perks Product discount Great people to work with
Team mates are great and supporting
Convenient working from home. Apple provides great benefits including tuition reimbursement and stock options.
I got paid good money
working for apple is by far the coolest job
Apple is an incredible place to work. It is somewhere that you can be proud of saying you work there. Great benefits, fantastic facilities, and great culture.
unique challenges and great products to work on
Employee Discount for Products, Challenging job to solve complex problems
good hours and awesome benefits
Benefits Pay Time off Training Equipment provided to work from home
Work life balance, good benefits
Great culture, awesome colleagues
Apple lives up to it's values and delivers excellent products and services to the world. I'm proud to work for Apple.
Work from home getting Apple discount
- Great pay for a student - Good hours - Great discounts
Amazing team! Everyone is there to support you and help you
Works well with college schedule
Benefits, flexible schedule, pay, stock benefits
Love the people who work with Care about who you are always take care of you
-Unique culture -Valuable experience and development opportunities -Managers (at my retail location) genuinely care about your personal welfare and career development (even if its outside of Apple, long term) -Outstanding, comprehensive benefits, even available to part time employees...... if they apply to you (i.e. married parent, sick, travel a lot) -Huge discounts on company and partner products and services -Work life balance is taken very seriously (although salaried retail managers or corporate staff may tell a different story). -Wholesomely aggressive commitment to company values (accessibility, environment, diversity, etc.)
You will be challenged here. Apple is the golden standard of retail and service work, with excellent compensation.
The pay is good for the area
The company culture is great. Everyone is very helpful and people genuinely care about serving the customers. Best retail job you can get.
Great benefits, great people, and great place to work at
It's the most amazing company in the world! Love the product.
work life balance, good benefits
Teamwork, flexible hours, being surrounded by the smartest products and people everyday.
Opportunities to work on cool and exciting technologies
Building Great Products is highly motivating.
- coworkers are the best - great pay for retail - amazing product to sell - AMAZING benefits - you get to be part of a company that is impacting lives
Great culture, talented people, cool environment.
I really enjoyed working at apple.
Great people. Friendly environment. Great Benefits
Good working environment, great colleagues, mostly great tech. Clean Bathrooms.
You get tremendous satisfaction working on products impacting lives of millions in the world! You don't get to publish as a researcher, don't have alot of freedom in your research, and are also expected to do alot of hands on Engineering work yourself, but then you have flexible hours, unlimited funding, really practical applications with great impact, and industry-leading brains to learn from. There is a great emphasis on work-life balance as you get long paternity leave, aren't expected to work on weekends, and you get to choose how you space your daily work hours.
Benefits, hours, promotion opportunities, stocks, discounts
Solid discounts, good name to have on resume, friendly staff
Fast-paced, A good place to grow skills with advanced tech
Passionate people working together, brand name.
Great for some good experience and awesome benefits!
Lot of smart people around  Lot to learn  Great benefits: compensation, bonuses etc are the best in the hardware engineering companies
I Like Team Work, Also Helping Others With Customer Service That Would Come In With Any Helping They May Need.
Nice pay, fun environment, fun people
Great clients and great process
Everything there is great tbh
Mangers are super understanding when it comes to calling off such as being sick or family issues. Also when scheduling they take your request like school and family into consideration! Coworkers are the best as well, I’ve never worked in a place where it was enjoyable being around everyone I worked with. Also had the opportunity to grow and managers encouraged trying out different roles in the store and helping us get where we wanted to be in the company even helping us move to corporate
The culture, the employees, the benefits, the starting salary are all good
Everything is great about working here
Great teams, excellent pay and benefits, always learning
Peers were great. Growth opportunity is what you make of it.
Great job works around your school schedule and set hours
Because it's Apple and you are part of this big company that touches so many lives every day through it's products.
Open, technical, innovation, team work
- Pay for a retail environment is top of the mark. Depending on your specific location, starting and entry level roles will earn between $18-$19 per hour. Each role above entry level pays you 10-20% more based on performance and tenure. If you are full-time, expect to be earning between $21-$25 an hour within just a couple of years. - Annual pay raises (Apple calls them "merit increases" are typically generous, but are determined based on the stores overall performance metrics. Expect a minimum annual raise of 2-5%. - Restricted Stock Units (RSU's) are available and are gifted to ALL employees, part-time, full-time, entry level and beyond. These are free stock gifts that vest over a three year period. Expect somewhere around $2000 and up per year, this is an AWESOME benefit. - Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) offers you a 15% discount off of Apple stock which you use to purchase shares twice per calendar year. This is another AWESOME benefit. In my time at Apple, I saw this benefit alone make colleagues millionaires. I mean that. If you invest right and are with the company for the longterm, Apple's ESPP can make you a millionaire. - Overall benefits package is truly exceptional. This is the number one reason to work for Apple and/or Apple Retail. Health benefits are exceptional and affordable. Dental and vision are much the same. A ton of benefits exist for continuing your education, growing your financial portfolio, health and wellness and more. Taking full advantage of the benefits package will only help reward you further for your work done at Apple. - Discounts on Apple products is exceptional. At least 25% off of everything (often times much more) for your personal purchases, at least 15% off of everything for friends and family. Additional "third party" discounts on accessory products, camera equipment, cellular service, rental car services, concierge services, auto loans, and so much more are also available. - 401k match is decent, up to 6% dollar for dollar once you have been with the company five years. - Paid time off for full-time employees is decent with added "bonus" days added each year. Paid time off increases at the five year, ten year and fifteen year mark with the company. - Every employee receives sick time. Yes, part-time employees too.
The benefits here were very good. I figured that working here was a good idea for solely the benefit purposes.
Great benefits, everyone is great and helpful, great management, plenty of resources
Good company to work for in total
Compensation, Travel Perks, Access to Technology, Global Presence, People
Everything. There is so much to love about Apple.
Meet lots of interesting people, job is different everyday, the product is excellent, great benefits, flexibility, fun work environment, work life balance, training is excellent
Relocation is good, provides 45 days accommodation
Very friendly environment and tons of benefits. Very decent pay for a college employee.
Full-Time benefits for part-time work
Great vision, lots of perks
The culture of the company is excellent, the dedication to innovation keeps employees on their toes, they truly support their employees in their career goals.
-Competitive pay -Good Benefits -Stock Plan -Employee Discount -You get to work from home which has certain perks
It’s fun to help others
Great working environment, not much like it
You get to work with amazing people and get paid to do so!
Smart people. Internal transfers encouraged.
Tuition reimbursement , and the gym membership
Apple has perks, yes. And they pay well and the people are great.
Overall great company to work with.
Pay was pretty good considering it was an hourly pay job. Has benefits and such for part time employees too which is nice. However, working 3 days a week even with a decent hourly pay doesn't leave much (if anything) to contribute to retirement, savings, investments, after bills and such unless you work a 2nd job. Working a 2nd job kind of is tough after 'missing' the whole weekend.
the Tech, the People, the Company
They really invest in their employees and do everything they can to keep you there and keep you happy.
Core Company Values Benefits Co-worker culture Great campus
You work for a large company that will be unlikely to go out if business
It is like a mini-MBA program. You will learn a lot about leadership and project management.
in my role in the retail family room specialist (aka mobile technician at the genius bar) I was surrounded by talented people who really cared about each other and were very skilled in their job duties but also in their hobbies outside of work. It was a great experience to be around those high caliber people.
Great Money and Benefits. Ability to work in different locations was nice?
Flexible big low pressure friendly and easy hand on
benefits are great and great hours
Access to new technology. Great health insurance, even for part-timers. They also do tuition reimbursement for relevant course work.
Great Benefits Decent Pay Discounts on products Coworkers are the best part still stay in contact with the team Knowledge Team Work Innovation
Team is hardworking and eager to learn more.
Great benefits for Part Time employees which most places don't have.
Build a strong relationship with their colleagues Good communication
Culture, Benefits, and Demand for products
Theres Great benefits, Decent Pay, and a Great Team
great for personal development, benefits, team work
Worked with a lot of fun people and made several lifetime friends. Job can be very rewarding when solving problems for people.
Good hourly pay, friendly work environment
I got to learn some great software and the customer service and communication skills I learned on the job were second to none. Oh, and the whole staff has a level of excellence I have yet to see anywhere else I've worked. They pay very well for a retail store and the benefits are out of this world.
Great Benefits, cool people, Flexible hours
Bad working environment nothing good at all
Competitive pay for retail Product education Networking
good benefits, salary and RSUs
The pay and benefits are better than anywhere I’ve ever worked, and I really like most of my coworkers and management. It’s pretty easy work as far as retail is concerned.
Nice workplace. Everyone was very hard-working.
Great Job for College Students.
Higher part time wages Health care option Stock option Retirement fund
New to the company & like what i see so far. All people around me are motivated and passionate.
Greta company, great benefits, great sense of community. Fairly easy and rewarding job.
health care for both PT & FT, better coverage for full-time. Stock discounts and restricted stock units. Fitness reimbursement. Small discounts on products.
Working from home was great
Great health benefits and people
was good i liked it a lot
It's a huge company with a lot of job openings.
You become family with your store. The benefits are awesome! They equip you with all the tools to succeed.
The Benefits are great and also the pay.
It is a universe of possibilities to grow and develop as a professional
Lots of exciting projects We get to learn a lot Salary is decent
a lot of benefits and free thoughts
Great benefits Good pay for retail Great discounts Ability to relocate
Management is great to work for.
The job paid really well and offered overtime
none, no path for growth to other groups
You get to experience the apple store culture. Dynamic workplace inside the store that is a controlled chaos you learn along the way to enjoy. Learn the in's and out's of how the Apple store operates from backstage to the sales floor. Great experience working there and the fact that you worked for Apple (even if it's just at the Apple Store) looks amazing on your resume!
A very friendly environment, love to work here.
-The people I work with -Benefits
Apple is big on playing team and vouching for their employees.
Nothing in good about the culture
Benefits, 401 matches, insurance, stock options
Mall hours = mall job, veteran friendly, good benefits, trend setting, progressive and profile breaking.
Great management, great pay, great benefitd
Great wages for a retail job, paid sick days, paid vacation (full-time only), meet great people, caring about their employees more often than not
There is no other place I know of where you can be surrounded by people who are generally as intelligent and driven and work on products that push the limits of possibility.
Great work environment. Great people to be around. Great products.
Its Apple, they are awesome
Everything, great environment great people
Great pay, Great people, fun place to work
Decent pay, good coworkers, technology is always changing so you are constantly learning, good healthcare, great options to invest in stocks and your 401k.
home a lot useful lunch breaks easy training
great stock matching plan and benefits. good team mentality with the rest of the store managers.
Good, high spirited environment. Empathetic and encouraging management. Smart, talented and friendly coworkers. Great pay and benefits.
great support from coworkers, great culture
You work with some really smart people that have interesting conversations. The benefits are good and simply working for such an admired company is pretty cool.
The benefits are incredible!!! Stock options too
-Great benefits -Great managers willing to work with advisors
You have the full support from the Operations team if you want to innovate. It is highly encouraged and as long as you have done your homework and have an idea that can contribute to your team, you will be able to completely pursue it.
The culture, the people, the support - every day brought new inspiration in a collaborative working environment.
Great benefits and good salary to start.
Working at apple is a great company, a lot of growth in this company and benefits are amazing.
Work can be challenging and fun depend on what project you are involved.
Great benefits. Diverse and knowledgeable co-workers.
Great benefits --nice building, cafe, and fitness center
Benefits. Salary. People. Location and facilities are great.
Worked from home They pay for internet and a gym member ship Tons of benefits Employee Discounts
-Amazing co-workers and culture -World-Class benefits -Fulfilling
The friends you make among your coworkers really is the biggest thing that keeps you around. I have some of the greatest friends on my team and the thought of leaving that behind makes me sad. Great health/dental benefits and tuition reimbursement. It sucks because I go to a private art school and Apple doesn’t recognize this as education so I can’t be reimbursed for tuition which is a joke. I’m spending just as much if not more money than public education students at a university.
No commute, good starting pay, caring team leads, fun rewards
Surrounded by incredible engineers Everyone wants to do their best
Working for Apple. Technical Training. Discounts Free Swag
Teamwork, life lessons, stocks, 401k gains
Great folks, great perks, great location !!
-PTO, Sick Time -Benefits -Work Life balance
Great company and benefits. Loved being involved with new tech.
Pay, Benefits, Products, Location, PTO
Extremely smart co-workers. Strong company culture and ethics.
Benefits, growing up ,holiday payment,
I have enjoyed working for Apple, their managers do a great job of connecting a large team of over 200+ people together.
Great pay, great benefits, open to feedback
Apple offers fantastic employee discounts. Allows you to work from home.
You're constantly surrounded by great people who are passionate and willing. They offer full benefits and wonderful discounts.
Good benefits. Great team.
Great benefits, good compensation
Atmosphere is people first and very supportive
building , working for apple,
-Given tools to improve presentation skills, customer service, planning & executing -Good work/life balance -Great benefits
Professional development, ACMT training, interview prep, benefits, discounts.
+ lots of internal movement + great people
High quality of work expected, brings the best out of your work.
Working at Apple in the retail store, you will be surrounded by many optimistic and amazing people you'll ever meet. One of the biggest reasons what makes me want to go to work.
Great benefits, awesome co workers and management. Great pay.
Great pay and bonuses! Positive work environment and great Team Leads/Supervisors. Bonus - working from home.
Amazing benefits, even as a part-time employee. Opportunity for growth and advancement. Consistent learning. Interesting, smart and fun co-workers.
Great working atmophere, it is amazing.
Always improving processes and resources for employees. Great company culture. Decent opportunities for advancement.
If you’re interested in working for the most progressive company whose executives are truly invested in seeing their employees succeed in all aspects of their lives shoot for Apple.
Fun job working for a great company with good culture and values.
Great history and employee care
Best schedule in the business, a consistent M-F 9-6 job, always weekends off.
Active employment and a paycheck, if nothing else.
The employee discount. Flexible schedule. Please see cons first before assessing ..
The people you will work with are some of the nicest and most ambitious people you will ever meet.
Great benefits even for part time employees
-Benefits -Career advancement -Management -Employee discount -Remote work -Work/life balance -Generous maternity leave  Apple really cares about its employees. I enjoyed time being there.
Great pay, sense of community, awesome technology
It is an awesome company , they take great care of you. Leaders are exceptional and really care about you and your career. It also isn't hard to move up if you really try.
Benefits, working from home is always a plus
I worked in Apple retail. I had no experience in the tech industry and this got my foot in the door.
Solid base salary RSUs Good medical Smart colleagues
Apple provides good benefits. They hire smart people. They make great products. They have good corporate standards, good morals and good ethics. However, yuor mileage may vary.
Great Culture to work in and the genuine love of the products from employees shows that the loyalty is real.
Great benefits, Culture, At home, lots of vacation and sick time, transparency and opportunity to move up has improved over the past couple of years
Excellent place to work and grow
Looks good on resume
50% off Apple Watch in first year
Team over here is cooperative.
Pay. Co-workers. Products. Location. Opportunity.
Working with great people. Benefits,
- Good benefits - Above average pay
Amazing training and benefits package.
Great place to deepen your expertise. Highly motivating work environment.
Good pay and benefits! Fun environment
Great discounts, great people to work with. You do your job and that’s it.
They provided an excellent training program hosted by some of the most helpful trainers I have ever known. Your comfort at work is their priority and they offer many opportunities for self improvement.
Insurance for part time work Great co-workers
- Learn a ton - Looks great on a resume - Great Benefits
Amazing team always looking to develop individuals
- Good benefit package - Discount on Apple products
Good benefits. Dedicated co-workers
Very flexible with school. Great co workers and benefits
pay is just alright. good benefits
Great benefits and culture.
Great products, great culture, & incredible people. Apple has strong values and the ability to change the world.
Salary is good. Good benefits.
Great benefits, challenging projects that were well recognized
Working from home is great and the people you work with and meet are the best. Benefits start day one and the benefits are very good.
Expansive growth, amazing benefits, high results yet relaxed culture, compensation is excellent
I love Apple for a number of reasons. 1) it challenges me constantly to get better at what I do in the store and also as a person in general. 2) Apple does a great job as a company at equipping retail employees for the unique and varied roles they will fulfill in the store. 3) since I am a rare breed in that I’m a part-timer who has no intention of going full-time, I appreciate Apple’s willingness to be flexible and help me have the best work- life balance possible, or for me the best work-main work- life balance possible.
amazinb environment to work, great leadership and you learn a lot
if you would die for Apple you'll feel somewhat appreciated, maybe
Fast paced, high paying (for retail), incredible benefits.
Great benefits, Higher Pay Scales, A lot of roles to gain experience within Apple.
Great culture and coaching to be successful at your job.
such a great company to work for!
Best place on the earth
Excellent atmosphere, great benefits
Flexible work schedule Employee discount Engaging community of employees
Good company to work for.
High energy Encourages personal growth/training (when there is time) Always busy
Good as temporary gig but not career
Fun , creative atmosphere, laid back
casual work environment, average pay
great people. fun. always learning.
Amazing culture, huge support around schedule and college reimbursement.
Supportive team and great culture
Great people. At home position. Exciting to fix devices and make people happy. Excellent starting pay. Provided with a computer, phone, a I-touch, everything i needed to my work.
A globally recognized and highly respected brand, a very well-run $1Trillion market cap public corporation, Corporate leadership that thinks in detail about every aspect of the company - products, culture, supply chain, etc.
Completely invested in employee enrichment.
Paid onboarding and training period Employee stock purchase program Employee discounts on items including special holiday discounts Family&friends discount on items Discount on phone plans with all major phone carriers
No matter in which (technical) area you have a problem, there is a team owns it and you can talk to them...
Great co-workers. Most leadership cares about employees. You will earn a lot about yourself. Lots of opportunities for personal growth. Lots of interesting and kind customers. Work is interesting and shifts go fast. Decent discounts. Everything changes all the time. Benefits are hard to beat. CEO is amazing and kind. Progressive values.
Cafe on site, nice employees
Amazing people, environment, and products. Incredible collaboration and design process.
work from home. good training.
Highly competitive compensation. Once you are in, Apple takes very good care of you. Opportunity to learn from the best and brightest minds. You are consistently challenged to do your best work and leverage your resources and skill sets.
I've worked at Apple for over 9 years, holding 6 positions in 5 different stores. The company has great benefits and my own values are in line with our company values.
Decent pay, solid benefits, above-average to excellent coworkers, supportive leaders.
Best benefits that you will get working as a retail part time job.
Opportunity to move up in the company.
Not much is great here.
sounds great looks great from the outside. Seems legit , great job at being great again.
Great Pay Amazing Benefits
the people you work with are amazing
great management / work from home
My coworkers on the floor were some of the smartest and most talented people I've met in my life.
everything. literally. we just hit a trillion in stock so that should tell you enough
Its great for those who love to innovate.
awesome volunteer options to give back. company matches your volunteer work to that company. Passport benefits- website for discounts. medical, dental and vision, HSA $750/Year.
Work at home. Get a computer to work on.
Good benefits, good support system, friendly co-workers
Work from Home. Working for the best company in the world. Benefits were awesome!
Good people good money
-Excellent benefits for part-time -Motivated team aligned behind mission statement -Flexibility with schedule -Everyone, including management, has each other's backs
Worked with some wonderful people.
Great place to learn with people who are enthusiastic to come to work everyday. People generally work hard, email you back promptly and give it their all!
Tons especially the 401k plan
competitive pay and benefits (stock, discounts, healthcare)
Exciting company to work for
Benefits stock options 401k health & dental discounts
Big company ..changes of fire are less.
- Sucks you into a black hole that is Apple which makes you content at retail store pay for the next 20 years of your life, and when you're 40 you realized you could've made more working as a top-secret clearance janitor.
pay, people, location, work, team
Amazing team. Co-workers who care.
Discounts and healthcare and a very tech savvy environment. Good place to be if you want to be in the thick of things in the mobile industry.
Benefits, dress code, opportunity, peers.
Awesome environment to work in and great people
1.Lots of opportunities to try new things like a startup. 2. Great for going through the motion and earning money.
Best in class minds to work with and the vast customer base provides some unique challenges to deal with when it comes to data volume. A data scientists dream!
Stay at home mother of 2 girl
Great Culture, even better people, and training that will help with anything you do within Apple or any future career
love the new campus its great!
Very supportive in a diverse and positive environment.
They provide all of the training you just need to have great communication skills and take personal responsibility.
Great opportunity to learn a system and troubleshoot in a fast paced environment
Great benefits, flexible hours
lots of great people working hard to keep the reality distortion machine going
We now live in a technology based society where having the latest gadgets is the norm. The environment is so cool and might be the best retail job ever.
Everything was pretty good
Negotiate Salary, Easy Job, controllable hours
Great values. Deep respect for the corporate leadership, intention around diversity and social impact.  Generous benefits for part-time & full-time retail employees.
Competitive pay, flexible schedule, great benefits
Worked as a Business Manager in the Apple Retail stores. It was one of the most kinetic, engaging experiences I've ever had, and made me a better overall leader.
Great benefits, Good pay, good discount
It is a great company to work for and it would look good on your CV.
Get to work with really smart people.
benefits and pay are amazing
Extremely busy people always want free stuff.
Great benefits and financial compensation.
Great company lots of money and scope
Great benefits great people work environment was very friendly and opening
Wonderful benefits Wonderful coworkers Great atmosphere
Great company and hard working people
Some good benefits . If you haven’t had prior experience you can gain some basic skills learned at most corporate culture operations. Gain some good working relationships.
The benefits and discounts are amazing.
So many perks to this job (any job at Apple retail). Stock plans, health benefits, great competitive pay.
Engage with customers Flexible and easy going Play with gadgets
This company bloves its people.
You learn quickly how things should run
Was nothing to complain about
Tight knit community of advisors, helping one another. Great pay for minimum skilling. Excellent training to complete all tasks.
Great company with good benefits
Great Insurance, product discount, paid tuition for schooling.
Work on cool products and projects
Benefits are outstanding. The people are diverse. Leadership is super caring
Exciting work, world class coworkers, great compensation and benefits, feeling that you are impacting the world with your work
401k, Insurance, Wage works, discount.
Great benefits: health, stock purchase plan, volunteering
It's Apple. Benefits are amazing, every project is big, and there are some great workers.
easy friendly people Paid vacation and sick pay great benefits
They care about their people, great culture.
This company has made it possible to work a higher-paying job while being at home. Coworkers and most managers are kind and willing to help when needed.
Great learning experience of the entire gamut of Manufacturing.
Compensation, Company Value, Cutting edge Technology
Awesome people and clear attainable goals for receiving annual merit raises
Best retail working environment! Great benefits and culture
Wonderful work atmosphere, nice teams, CEO really cares about all levels.
Easy to work at for sure.
Good benefits and can work from home
The people you work with make it worthwhile, both co-workers and customers. Yes, you will get those customers that are angry and make it tough, but it the ones who are truly grateful that make the whole thing worth it. You will develop a family-like feel with your co-workers and they become your support.  You always need to be ready for change. It happens all the time. Processes, applications, and obvious products can change all of the sudden overnight. If you can't adapt to change quickly you may not like it here. However, there is a lot of training on the fly and time made for it.
Worked as a specialist and I felt like I was a rockstar in the blue.
Cool products, tough hiring process results in generally interesting/motivated people
Supervisors very understanding. Starting salary was reasonable. Benefits were also good.
I loved working at Apple
Benefits to Part Time Staff, Working with a cool diverse team, lots of room to grow into other roles
incredibly fluid work environment
Great benefits, many locations, career experiences
Benefits, discounts, prestige, awesome campus
Great benefits, relaxed environment, very conscious of work/life balance. Thoroughly enjoyed my time there!
Easy to learn and friendly
When I started in 2012, I had an unbelievable crew of people I worked with. All of which were very hungry, curious and passionate about the job. I was forced out of my comfort zone almost daily which helped develop me greatly. The culture of feedback has really helped me in my work outside of Apple.
People you work with are some of the best, you become family benefits discounts
99% of employees at Apple are very passionate about what they do and are dedicated to creating the best product experience for customers - no matter their role in the machine. This makes it a very exciting place to work. Benefits are great and hard work is rewarded through annual performance reviews.
Great place to work. Professional and friendly environment. Lots of opportunity for growth.
Very friendly environment and a creative company to work in
Apple has great benefits!
It's an above average retail job.
Fun and great people, amazing
Great culture, good teamwork to achieve goals.
Enjoy the Benefits and pay
benefits, discounts, friendly atmosphere, bonuses, easy to promote
I made a lot of good friends I still keep in touch with. I became a certified mac technician and got to go to Cupertino to do it. That is about it.
Apple cares about its people, and it’s poeple are some of the most amazing in the world.
Work from home is a good option Pay was great for a remote position Training was comprehensive and well-developed
Great work experience I’m not upset
Health care, dental care and other benefits.
Great salary, smart people, manager who wants you to succeed
Great company with amazing benefits. Great pay. Supportive work environment. Fun work culture.
Great environment. Apple hires the best people. The company cares about its work force and takes great care of them.
Flexible, great perks, Awesome people
Great benefits and place to work!
Culture, Learning opportunity, exposure to technology, brand value.
Great company to work for, great benefits, and great culture.
Co-workers are great! Good Benefits! Fun products.
Great Pay Part Time is Flexible
Team members and knowledge gained are irreplaceable
Great benefits and discounts
Competitive pay, positive working environment
Great benefits, health insurance, stock, 401k matching
Good benefits. Friendly environment. Challenging work. Smart coworkers.
Good company, flexible schedule for part time, very good health insurance for part time, other benefits, discounts
Great company and benefits. Lots of opportunity to move up and into corporate.
Great place to work. Friendly staffs and great benefits.
Steady income and always current and in tune within the world of technology.
Work from home Friendly team Friendly management
Get in, get good experience, then get out. As awesome as Apple is as a company, you work in retail.
-Meet some great people -Will gain extensive experience with troubleshooting. Will learn more about technology, and extensively about Apple products and how they work. -Good insurance, good cafeteria
Above average pay, solid benefits and discounts, good work/life balance unless Store Leader or above. Meeting a lot of interesting people. Workplace giving opportunities are really cool.
Amazing staff with awesome benefit's and a good work life balance
Benefits and compensation are great Opportunity to work with other exceptional individuals
Pretty fun environment Friendly co workers
Great medical, dental, vision coverage plus access to workout gym and wellness center depending on where you live/work.
Benefits and discounts are great.
Challenging and rewarding work and passionate coworkers
Benefits, Discounts, Schedule Preference Type, Good Pay, Extra Bonus discount every 3 yrs
Good benefits and competitive salary
Great Company with Great Benefits
good college job lax good pay
Fun fast pace environment to work in
Apple is a great learning environment, and you have great peers to show you the ropes and eventually befriend. You will definitely develop great communication skills
Great work environment if you communicate well with strangers. I love meeting new people, so it works well for me.
Overall culture is awesome. You can feel the excitement and energy just walking around the main campus. You're surrounded by people are not only smart but work want to be there. Teamwork is solid.
Great to work for a company that defines technology at a global scale and pushes innovation forward.
Being able to help multiple people a day, fantastic benefits, positive work atmosphere, hands on and comprehensive training,
Amazing benefits that start day one
Decent pay, great people, always evolving
Best job ever perfect amazing
Challenging work environment for growth. Lots of freedom in your role to innovate. The people you work with will become some of your closest friends as they are all exceptional.
Apple is one of the best companies to work for on Earth
The culture at Apple is unparalleled. It is truly a special place to work.
A very accepting environment. Pay wasn’t bad and no invasion of privacy with no drug tests.
Ok benefits Competitive pay for the area Descent hours
Fantastic community and employee engagement.
lots of development opportunity and great people to work with
Great benefits, generous pay, incredible culture.
The people I work with are an amazing group. From those who I trained with to those that have been there for years. My co-workers are an amazing group of people from all walks of life.
Great work environment and customer service
Great company, good benefits, people are happy to work here
Autonomy Accountability Large workplace Feedback driven Fun environment Always learning
great job to work at
Great people to work, and the job can really be fun at time(especially with the right customers).
Great benifits amd great experience
- Interview process gets you prepared for tough interviews in the future - Not very demanding
The money. They pay you really well
Highly political, secretive, ZERO career growth, arrogant management, ZERO work life balance. Usually work through holidays.
Supportive and caring leadership and team, continuous training and development, fast-paced and energetic for both internal and external customers. A day at work is a day well-spent!
Company with deep values with diversity at its core
Great training, access to resources, teamwork.
Amazing health benefits, stock options, and discounts on Apple products. There is even a discount that you get once every three years that you get an additional 500 off a computer, 250 off an iPad or iPhone. Additionally, you work with some of the smartest greatest people that you will ever meet and some even will become family.
Good culture and good people
Benefits, coworkers, stock options and lax dress code.
really fun environment, the people were awesome and management really cared about us.
Rewarding work environment with great coworkers and leadership who want to see you succeed. Opportunities for experiences within the company to expand your skills. Great benefits.
best company ever to work for
Good benefits, a lot of cool people work there the co -workers are great. Management generally seems to care how you are doing.
fun place to work at, very nice people
This had to be 5 words or more.. so a paycheck
People First Amazing Benefits Room for Growth Location Notoriety Customer Experience Services Work/Life Balance
Steady work, learn a lot, great corporate culture (even in retail), fab benefits.
Team is great at Apple
Good to be around people
Like in most other major employers, there are always really bright people. There are also really nice people to work with. Some people belong in both teams. Compensation is generally very good. In fact, it is above the market for some teams. If you are wondering why that is, you may want to read the "Cons" section.
Great benefits, repetitive but fun
Great benefits and great pay for retail.
many benefits. diverse workforce. successful company.
good company benefits ex: gym reimbursement, rare bonus, HR support
The best company to work for!
Various skill sets among team members.
Huge company, play by the rules and you’re fine
Great technology and great people
No sales goals (but you are still evaluated on performance...it’s a business after all).  Great hourly pay.  Insurance (medical, dental, vision) even for part-time employees!!!  Stock purchase plan and 401k (!!!)  Regular discount isn’t all that great, but you can get some good employee-only deals.  Always hiring. I mean it...always.  Overall, it’s the best company I’ve worked for. It’s not perfect, but it’s really close!
Good health benefits. Onsite health club for $8, pharmacy with 10% discount, doctors, dentist, optometrists and other services. Cafeteria - has a good variety of healthy and/or delicious options. Facilities are pretty impressive and comfortable to work. Ergonomics is pretty on point when it comes to workstation comforts.
It was an amazing place to work and be. Amazing benefits. Miss it daily.
Good health/dental benefits, easy to transfer. Benefits are not anything special until you've been an employee for 5 years and then you get a good 401k match and PTO. Starting pay is competitive, but even with great performance review, raises are very small.
Fast-paced environment, like-minded peers in this position, benefits such as medical, dental, and vision, tuition reimbursement, and sick days.
Great benefits Some opportunity for growth/advancement Employee discounts Depending on the department, good management On site facilities are great Culture is pretty good overall Excellent vacation time
Challenging work, inclusive atmosphere, sense of purpose, great benefits. And you'll get to work with incredibly smart people.
Managers are LEADERS and really there for you and your experience. Your team is behind you 100%. Everyone who works for Apple will tell you their favorite part of working there is the people. They hire amazingly. Even if it's a hard day (like a launch or a bad customer experience) everyone will have your back. Also the benefits ROCK
Benefits were strong for a retail position
Supportive staff, feels like a team
Fantastic management, they care about people, and store events with fellow employees are always fun
Having worked in quite a few departments within Apple, this is by far the worst department. What are the issues? Oh gosh, no idea where to begin. Simply put, it is career suicide. If you are offered the iOS App Reviewer position or any other position in this department, deny it & look somewhere else.  Now let’s get into the details...  The only pros are:  - Classy Apple badge - 401K match & health insurance - Employee discounts  *These are the perks for now, but will likely change in the future
Great benefits and Nice working environment
Culture and Values - 5 Stars - Apple is an innovative company. Being surrounded by individuals with fascinating ideas and goals is motivating and inspiring.
Really caring and compassionate company
High passed, exciting, challenging, Rubix cube on steroids. An environment that challenges you and your abilities. Organized chaos
High passed, exciting, challenging, Rubix cube on steroids. An environment that challenges you and your abilities.
-Great benefits, great people and a beautiful working environment
Great culture! Great job skills for any position that follows.
The company takes care of you. So many great benefits for part time and full time.
* work with some of the smartest people * benefits are on point, including business class travel to Asia * chance to work with talented engineers on futuristic tech
Benefits Great teams Fun Discounts Pay rate for retail is great.
Great culture Supportive coworkers Lots of learning
Easy work and decent pay.
Work in supportive team environment
Good working environment. Values work-life balance. Discourages emails over the weekends. Gives extra days off during Thanksgiving/Chinese Lunar New Year (depends on region and at CEO discretion). You can fly in business class if your business trip flight is 8+ hours.
Great Benefits Package Great Pay Good employee culture
Family oriented and a lot of growth opportunities
Great benefits. Good pay. Understanding about time for the most part.
Fantastic benefits Working from home is cost effective and great Compensation is generous in most cases Listens for employee feedback often Solid discounts and other perks
Team work and international echo
Fearless feedback, you really get to help people, and you get to work with really awesome people.
The products and the pride you get in working at a company that makes some of the most innovative and wonderful products ever.
Great benefits, third party discounts (other brands and partners, not Apple).
You get killer deals on apple products
Compensation Benefits Perks within the company
-Employees become family very quickly -Easy to be promoted within company -Core values are important and withheld -Amazing benefits plus tuition reimbursement
good working environment, open door policy, supervisor takes care of his team
Great benefits, cares about employees, room for growth.
-Great discounts -wonderful customers and some great coworkers -learned something new every day
The benefits are the only pro. Great healthcare, 401k, employee discount, decent pay
Easy work life balances for use of time for education and experience building
Team atmosphere, supportive leadership, cutting edge enviornment
Working in an environment where everyone is at the top of their game and passionate about what they work on
Energetic environment Team building experience Customer centered Open communication
Great pay. Coworkers are amazing. Amazing benefits and pay
Well your changing the world
Awesome people, great leadership, and great paying part time job
Everything was just so perfect
Benefits are great here always
Apple is truly the only company I worked for that is diverse and hires based on character and not accolade. I remember first being shocked at seeing one of my fellow co-workers (who is the most amazing person) who had full body tattoo, bright red hair (at the time), nose rings and a split tongue working there. This experience really proved that Apple hiring based on the character was not just words but action. They care about you as a person and even as a part-time I got so many benefits and training that allowed me to move vertically and horizontally at my own desire.
Good Salary, nice work culture
Great benefits, management, the people, the pay
people are hardworking and nice. very nice food!
Benefits, discounts, work/life balance accommodations, job security, development opportunities, helping customers, great for transitioning to a career, amazing personal support
Great benefits, great culture even better team!
the team is what makes everything great.
An amazing management team, the company really cares about its people, great college job.
Passion driven, your success is limited by your own innovation
Really nice culture and employees.
The benefits are great and the company does its best to accommodate its employees.
Chill environment everyone is very friendly  No pressure to sell or meet quotas
Highly rewarding experience working with world class talent and exciting product
Very good working environment and RSU refresh
- Lot's of amazing talented people you get to work with. - Every once and awhile you help a customer with a heart warming story and it makes your day - Higher than average pay for retail but at a cost (see cons)
great company culture and pay for retail
Customer impact is great, good corporate image, products are wonderful, physical environment is pretty good, health benefits are great
good culture. good environment. good atmosphere. good ambience. good work.
great pay great customer care
Great company culture (laid-back but serious where it matters, lots of team-work between divisions, great e'sprit d'corp), great pay and benefits (health center, top-notch fitness centers), great food options at the various Apple cafes, yearly raises and bonuses based on performance. I worked in the Cupertino area, so I some of these "pros" might be specific to that area. Almost all of the people working there are cool people, very competent, and a pleasure to work with. Moving up to higher positions is very doable if you show initiative (but easier on some teams than others).
For the time being this job comes with most of the full time benefits many other Apple employees get.
good pay salary very much
Great benefits , great store leader
Understanding and compassionate about their employees.  There is a seemingly endless path for opportunities.  All cultures and walks of life are welcome, it’s absolutely incredible to work for a company that cares about people with disabilities enough to go out of their way to ensure they are gainfully employed.
decent compensation, great benefits, sweet perks, overall good management
It's extremely rewarding to work at the most valuable company in the world. Most employees are dedicated Apple fans, with regards to product and software, which keeps morale high. It's also uplifting to track how many people in the world are using our HW and SW.
Great compensation and corporate culture
Apple’s employee training is excellent.
Apple provides you an opportunity to grow in compassion and understanding people! There are plenty of opportunities to discover yourself.  The benefits are amazing even for part timers
Benefits, discounts, 401k, discounts, culture
They tend to hire great people
Health and Commuter Benefits. Product Discounts.
Great benefits, and great people
Great people to work with You learn something new every day You get to interact with some of the most amazing customers
Working for Apple has evolved, even over the 5+ years I've been with the company. I still can't believe I get paid to talk about Apple products/services, problem solve with customers, teach them how to use their products, and engage in the evolving ecosystem. They treat us extremely well in comparison to a lot of other industries.  When you've got the right leadership team, they know how to really step back and let you do your job. Sometimes it means a slacker will abuse it, but for the most part in a store off 200+ everyone is able to do their job and keep that customer focus.  You can grow and achieve whatever you apply yourself towards. You're working with the best of the best and it can be tougher to grow in this company than in others, but its possible. It may mean moving stores or even going to corporate. However, if you're worth your salt and plot a path, you can go anywhere internally or leverage that to go externally to another company.  I don't know what else to add that other reviews haven't also already mentioned. Bottom line, I'd recommend working here in a heartbeat, and even when my time working here comes to an end, it won't be because it was a bad job or company to work for.
Great Pay, Best Insurance,Great Benefits
great hourly pay, sweet benefits package
* Amazing people.  * Personal relationshaps encouraged as an integral and effective way to get things done.  * Exciting, home-grown technologies.  * Good benefits.
Great environment, great people, great benefits.
Great culture! Wonderful support! Amazing company to work for!
Full benefits for part time Flexible hours if needed Environment fosters a great atmosphere for productivity, teamwork, and making good friends Good promotion (title change) opportunities. I was promoted in 4 months with a 20%/hour raise.
“Good” not great pay, but made up for in benefits
Company Culture, idea of working for the best company on the planet
The people make work decent.
They have excellent equipment and a good break room.
Met a lot of cool people along the way. Lifetime friends. Super fun work environment with enthusiastic individuals present every day. Great Benefits
Good pay, vacation time, sick time, 401K, stock options.
Great atmosphere. Fun, challenging, room for advancement.
Flexible hours for the most part
Benefits - bonus, RSU, ESPP, EPS, 401k
Flexibility with schedule and understanding of growth mindset.  Benefits (Vacation, stock options, company holidays)
Tuition reimbursement, 401k, Fitness reimbursement, discounts
Benefits Work environment Space for growth
Great working environment, plenty of breaks throughout day, scheduling is flexible, coworkers are amazing
good culture, work from home, autonomy
Great culture and work environment
Lots of training, Established and mostly achievable expectations. Diversity among coworkers.
Great food and benefits for me
Its a good company to work for.
Opportunity to grow. Fun work environment. Great coworkers
- Positive Work Environment - Great Team Support. - Great Benefits - Schedule flexibility to school schedule in college program. - Working from home - Free apple equipment - Huge discounts on apple products - Raises every year
Exciting and fast paced environment. Challenges you to provide your best.
The life long friendships and discount!
- Great Benefits, specifically tuition reimbursement for students
People and benefits, cool customers, awesome products
Good pay Plenty of opportunity for growth Great work environment Amazing benefits
Working at the Apple store is an easy job. It's air conditioned, the store is clean and the air is always fresh. The management strives to be mentors, you get praise when you do well.
Management is pretty supporting and will typically support your decision with little pushback
Love the culture and benefits, there is always fun events going on and great amenities with the cafes, wellness centers, and shuttle options.
Great work environment. Lots of amenities and benefits. Make it hard to leave.
Great benefits including full dental and health insurance, uber credit, gym membership, as well as being a great place to work.
Engaged coworkers Bleeding edge technology Having the resources of the world's most valuable company
People from the lowest positions up to management really care about your professional development. Everyone wants you to take advantage of opportunities available to you and allow you to use your talents to shine.
Benefits package is well rounded, tuition reimbursement program is good
Apple is amazing for a retail job. They pay well, the team you work with is awesome
Interesting projects Resources (hardware, software licenses etc) are taken care of People are smart, inclusive, articulate. Great benefits Good food There's a group for pretty much any hobby/interest, so it's easy to meet new friends when you're new to town
Interacting with customers from all walks of life.
Its Apple, everyone I worked with is incredible, all are very passionate about apple and want to make sure to grow everyone on the team.
Great company that cares about its people and community
Great work environment. Fun team. Room to grow.
Positive culture, generous discounts, good benefits
High pay rate Challenges everyday Supportive management Management understand that life happens Not much pressure to complete number based actions Feedback opportunities
Great job and amazing opportunities for growth
After contracting with Apple a few years ago, I decided to go back to school to finish my bachelor's degree. At the time, the positions I was interested in weren't available so I left the company when my contract ended, with every intention to return once I finished school. 2 years later, that goal was met! I finished my Bachelor's degree and returned to the company which has been the BEST decision.
The team atmosphere was fun and everyone is extremely nice
good pay and a big company with capital to spend
Apple is one-of-a-kind in a lot of ways. Its organizational structure, culture, and processes are more conservative than most of its peers. This sounds like a bad thing on its face if you're looking for the "true Silicon Valley experience" but I find that experience is overrated anyway.  Apple doesn't strive to make everyone friends and to foster a Google-y culture of self- expression at the office. But I find that's really nice. Don't want to have to deal with losers and idiots who you can't stand? Think if you met James Damore in person you'd want to punch him in the face (or, conversely, whatever the conservative analog is)? You will, but you probably won't know it because those people don't feel the need to express themselves personally at work. Find some people you like? Cool--you can hang out on break or after work. It's like the U Chicago of schools: some people will think it's "where the fun goes to die", others (like me) think it's where you go to do really valuable, interesting work and hopefully make some friends along the way.  Apple is kind of like a really really really hard video game. It takes a long long time to learn the ropes, figure out what's going on, and unlock most of the cool and interesting equipment to play with. But that makes it all the more rewarding when you do git gud and figure it out.  No one gives a hoot who you are, what your identity is, what you think should happen, etc. until you've proven yourself. It's a double-edged sword: it's a turnoff in the short term, but if you work hard and care about the product then you feel that much more empowered when you do get people to care.  Also it's a company that's in the midst of really interesting growth. If you want to have a chance to shape how products used by literally billions of people evolve, then come to Apple.  If you care about ethics and consumer privacy, Apple is also an amazing place to work: when you're on the inside you have an even greater appreciation of how hard the company works to preserve those values.
The innovation of products and the excitement of people around ideas and bring them to life was awesome. Enjoyed working with some great people!
Discounts on products were okay
Decent Pay and Discounts for employees
Fun job, great training, excellent support
I loved having a casual uniform, flexible schedule, good pay, and great employee discounts. There is also good job Security with working with a company like this.
Decent pay, good benefits, work from home
Wonderful Team that I worked with on the Embedded Firmware and QA Side. Lots of perks and team events to keep morale high. Concerts in the quad and great company benefits. Emphasis on hardware quality
The pay is great. When I started it was like $16.25 an hour. You also get to meet a lot of cool people and the platform they use to trade shifts and get shifts covered is awesome.
Great benefits, great discount. But hats all
Great work environment, good culture. Political consumption is not that much, as least watching from my standpoint.
Great Learning Experience. Get access to troubleshooting very quickly. Customer service is KEY!
- Good benefits - Excellent culture - Creative independence
Good wage and good employers
1) You get to work on some really impactful projects - touching millions of people 2) You are in the company of some pretty smart people
I worked at a Retail store for almost 10 years...  Great benefits, Stock options, pretty good discounts, meet some of the coolest people you'll ever meet.
Great environment to work in and wonderful coworkers
Flexible hours, great environment, great benefits
Excellent company, great benefits, great working environment, many opportunities, meaningful work enriching lives, growth opportunities beyond the retail store. Exposure to tons of people and personalities and talents.
Apple opened up a lot of opportunities for me as a part time employee and a full time student. I will forever be thank full for them. The best part time job to have is definitely at Apple. Learned a lot when it comes to communicating and interacting with different people. They embrace a culture of feedback.
competitive salary nice work ambient
Flexible schedule, ability to move up in the company, good pay, good benefits and discounts, great people to work with
Benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits
There are some good Discounts, but considering product life cycle it should have been better.
Great people, benefits, products, Opportunities
- 99% of your co workers are gonna be awesome - really flexible schedule - You can request time off 2 weeks before schedule and it’s 100% sure to get accepted (RTO) - pay is the best for retail - fun place to work at - access any store around the world - access HQ back stage
-very customer focus -learn a lot of new skills -great benefits
Smart people. Great projects. Good compensation. Apple Park
Amazing benefits! Great discounts on certain products especially during the holidays.
Pay, Product Discount, Experience Opportunities
flexible scheduling, understanding managers, culture of feedback, new bottom up pipeline for ideas, career experience opportunities leading to career advancement, innovate processes for better internal/external customer experience, coworkers who care about each other, company invests training and teaching how to grow on a personal/professional level but you must push for it.
best place to work in this poopy economy
one of the best learning experiances
Great company to work for. They really care about your growth with the company and look to put you in the best opportunities to succeed.
Gained a lot of valuable experience
Good benefits and perks (no free food is not a dealbreaker)
Great experience and people. Fun but hectic environment.
Smart coworkers, inspiring leadership, excellent products, diverse and progressive culture, great food in the cafeteria, great benefits...shall I go on?
Excellent environment, supportive for a large corporation, open dress code, mild amount of upward potential, fast-paced, constantly changing, no lack of human interaction.
Surrounded by super passionate colleagues with profound experties
The pay is pretty decent
- Pay - Benefits - Management cares about your professional and personal development - Work environment and amazing coworkers - Most customers were sweet because everyone loves Apple - Enriching lives  If offered an opportunity to work there, I would advise you to take it with no hesitation. I was let go due to attendance issues and I deeply regret it. It’s the one thing Apple is very strict on.
The people are the absolute best
Good work environment, more focused on the customer than raw numbers, employees and managers are generally fun people, stock purchase program, discounts on products and great benefits. Pay is good for the amount of experience needed.
Good benefits and decent pay
Everyone is passionate about doing the right thing for Apple and our work has massive impact on the company’s financial results.
-The culture is fantastic, everyone is different yet everyone is the same -Learn a great deal about all aspects of tech and business -Resources always available to you for assistance
- Great perks! - Great team and management - Great culture
Flexible work schedule, great pay
- best benefits package all around, even for part-timers (tuition assistance, fitness reimbursement, paid maternity leave, stocks, discounts, full package, and so much more) - great culture: everyone is kind, genuine, smart, personable, a team player, and fun! Apple hires the best of the best - diversity and individuality is highly valued - management cares about you - company, management, and higher ups listen to you and adjust to the feedback you give them - lots of mentoring, resources are always available - teaches you great professional skills to last a lifetime - always recognized for hard work - competitive pay for retail - connections you make with co-workers are memorable and long lasting - flexibility in taking time off - free food on holidays, for meetings, and employee appreciation week - company-wide monthly challenges and store-wide community service opportunities
CEO, benefits, company culture and job satisfaction
Awesome coworkers, great facilities, medical and dental Center inside campus, great gym facilities with classes and shower, monthly beer bash among other cool perks
Able to work from home
Great Environment to work in. Love the people
Work-Life Balance Competitive Pay Benefits Stock Package Product Discounts Internal Promotions and Hiring Acknowledgement Great work culture Great Resumé Item
unlimited potential on retail level that opens up corporate possibility
Every team feels like a family Fast-paced environment Career growth and stepping-stone opportunities
Flexible, Great Management, Great co-workers, A lot of opportunities
Everyone who works here is friendly and easy to get along with. The company really does care about their employees and offers great benefits.
Decent pay Benefits Work from home decent hours
Work from home Friendly supervisors Good training Quick response time Good pay
This is an excellent company to begin and grow your career. You will be treated fairly and given the coaching you need to succeed in your role.
Lots of company perks and comfortable work environment. The employees are great people to work with! Company culture is inclusive and challenging
The management is amazing and always wants to help you grow
discounts on apple products are great!
Infinite amount of perks
Management is great. Friendly environment. Willing to grow with you. Always teaching.
The training you get from Apple is so valuable and I continue to use my learnings in my every day life and in my professional career. I felt cared for and mentored by my peers and it was a great environment that challenged me.
Great Environment Great Benefits Easy Job
Lots of perks Amazing benefits The people and culture. The pay is pretty competitive when compared to other retailers. Great discounts as well.
Decent pay, great benefits, overall fun
Very good benefits including stock purchase, medical, and health insurance.
Being able to see products before they’re released.
i l ove this job get to work from home great benefits and discounts awesome company discount learn a lot - technical and people skills opportunity to help people good pay, fun perks
Best environment salary and benefits you can find in non Commison retail. Good people working there. You learn a lot and have a lot of support. They treat you like you have a brain and let you free to do your best.
Benefits and compensation were great, and I was able to earn a good living for my family.
- Job Stability - Easy Work - Some nice benefits - Hard to get fired, easy to get re hired
Good team. Good leadership. Good training Good coworkers. Good location. Quality products. Good advancement options. Good evaluation system and benefits
good advantages, remote work possible, intern career possible but very long
Great Work environment Supportive co workers
Great pay and benefits Great products with good discounts Get to work at home Get to do rotational jobs to cut monotonous
Flexible schedule. Fun work environment. Good Benefits
Great company. Great pay, nice work enviorment.
Great culture, values and people
There were awesome coworkers and environment
Being with Apple and gaining knowledge and experience with tech and also retail. The rating system was based on customers responses which is great. Great products.
Get inside scoop of how Apple operates its business.
Smart employees that work there!
Paid healthcare for part time. Provided with uniform. You can make your own schedule through myPage and it’s super flexible. $100 monthly to pay for transit. $500 credit towards a MacBook every 3 years. Discounts on products.
Benefits and Work environment Co-Workers Name recognition
Awesome company to work for
Amazing coworkers and environment to work in!
Very good Benefits and great facilities
My managers at Apple were really willing to schedule me around my college classes.
Great support from management. Teamwork is super solid.
Amazing team members, great benifits. Flexible hours if you’re working another job or are going to school.
benefits, educational reimbursement, employee purchase program, free shuttle service, employee stock purchase program, discounts on product
They have great products and great people working.
Brilliant coworkers great benefit nice pay
Brand appeal and allure of the company history
Great benefits even when part-time Education assistance Good base salary Room to grow, especially if a technician
Great Job Great Pay Great Benefits Convenient working from home.
The company is great at benefits and compensation. They also have great commuter options. They have buses from several areas in bay area.
Apple discount once every three years was great
I love working for Apple! The pay and benefits are great. Managers are super nice and they are super flexible when it comes to scheduling. Working for Apple isn't work unless you make it work! When working for apple you gain a whole second family that will always have your back.
Great Pay Excellent Benefits Great team mates Great training
Fast-Paced Amazing coworkers Generally Great management Focus on development Discounts Benefits are awesome
Great benefits, Great communication,Great pay, and their discounts are great
- good environment - great benefits - good pay - good management
Good people, and good internal chemistry between staff.
Work with the best and brightest people, on the world's most popular tech products.
Pay, benefits, food, technology, location.
Good pay and good benefits
No Day is ever the same!
Great Benefits, Amazing Atmosphere, Great Development, Wonderful Staff
You get to work with tons of people from different walks of life and with all kinds of experiences. Lively environment and the work day goes quick. You have a supportive company behind the decisions you make.
Very competitive pay, and a very positive culture to work with
Great perks, great salary, great culture
The hiring/interview process is a bear, but it breeds a common mentality amongst coworkers. As with any job, there are people you’d never communicate with when off the clock, but while on the floor, those people will bend over backward to help you, because the beef between you both has nothing to do with the customer in front of you. I’ve never worked for another company where this behavior occurred regularly.
Good Culture and good company atmosphere
Discounts, fun environment, work life balance, opportunity
Lots of benefits and free swag while working here.
Great culture, friendships and fun. Ability to learn quickly. Amazing Benefits.
Flexibility The people Room for growth Good pay and benefits
Fun work environment, awesome coworkers, flexible scheduling and lenient “life happens” time and attendance policy. Great trading and discounts, and insane benefits for part time
Rare beer bash, nothing else really
Get to work for one of the greatest companies in the world. Extensive benefits even for part time employees.
It's a fantastic culture, and a great place to be as a college student. Flexible hours, fun events, great products, and superb management.
Ability to work from home, amazing benefits package.
-Great benefits -Competitive salary -Training always provided -Company lunches during holidays -Great staff
-Great pay -GREAT benefits -They put a lot of effort into your personal development and communication skills
Talk to people all the time Build customer service skills
They have great benefits, salaries, and the people challenge you to be better every single day!
Great people that care and good pay. Best structure for growth I’ve seen in any company. Good work life balance.
Many perks, smart colleagues, work on exciting products
Great starting wage, awesome discounts, great people
Great benefits, Great people, Great products, great culture
- truly care about consumers -really care about building innovative products -great perks, nothing comparable to the other bigger companies but they take care of you. -beer bashes and nice talks
New technology and heavy impact every aspect of our life. Nice campus, good cafe, nice gyms. Good beer bash. Good employee EV program and commute bus. Good employee purchase plan, which allow you to buy Apple devices in discount for both family and friends.
Organized, structured, personal development, building relationships
excellent employee development and health benefits
Lots of smart people, working together for a common goal.
The team is amazing at Apple. Everyone is willing to assist whenever necessary and is willing to teach you so that new skills can be added to your personal tool belt. Apple is understanding to its employees and, especially working Part Time, is willing to work around school schedules to ensure that education always comes first. The benefits are amazing as well and the only difference that a Part Time employee and a Full Time employee have is that a Full Time employee gets vacation days. Otherwise all benefits are equal, which is something that I have noticed the few years that I have worked there.
Awesome job. Get to work from home. Get all the perks in Apple discounts. Opportunities to work in store rotations. Competitive pay and great insurance.
Great company and products, good pay, investment opportunities, room for growth and transfering
The position allows for working from home.
Great benefits and stable company. People are some of the best I've worked with
The opportunity to work with some of the brightest and dedicated individuals was awesome. Working for a West company, it was all about what you could bring to the table and they have an environment that made you want to bring all that you had.
Decent pay. Good benefits. Good opportunity. Discounts on Apple products and their affiliates.
Working with some of the brightest minds in technology and developing highly desirable products.
I feel Apple has an extremely customer centric culture and great social responsibility. It also focus very much on design and aesthetics. It may be hard to like working here if one does not truly believe in these things, as one may not be able to enjoy perks other tech company offers. However, if one truly espouses customer experience, and the tenet to leave the world a better place as one sees it, it's really hard to work anywhere else.
Great training Great pay Great work environment
Depending on leadership team / your designated manager - they strive to mentor you into becoming a high value professional by leveraging the Lominger Competencies. Great part time job - clock in and clock out and do your job well it's fantastic. Although a retail environment, there is a sense of work-life balance. Benefits are amazing and if you are an educated and/or experienced adult, you realize you don't find many companies that have great benefits AND part-time benefits!
a lot of smart people over there
Apple really does value and respect their employees, allows employees to move departments, and happily welcomes back former employees. Independence and initiative are rewarded, not stifled. Nepotism and Retribution for speaking up are not tolerated and managers receive training to understand that.
good, you can still learn a lot
Its a good company. It varies on the store you work for.
Great talking with people daily who believe in products that make their lives easier.
- Focus on employee development - Incredible benefits - Competitive pay
benefits, amazingly talented and diverse co-workers, company is pretty caring about you as an individual.
Working environment was awesome and the campus was awesome
A lot of benefits, awesome workplace, friendly co-workers and management, very good salary.
Great people, amazing benefits, pay was excellent
- Chance to work with some of the smartest minds depending on the team / project - QA engineers usually get to use the latest products for free - ESPP and benefits is good - Decent maternity/paternity leave benefits
Offer great benefits even to part time employees. I think more companies should adopt this, because this is what keeps employees around and encourage them to do a good job.
They are incredibly fun while still being professional. I loved everyone there and they do a lot of training on the job as well. Sometimes customer service can be difficult but Apple made sure to do everything in their power to make it easy for you. Pay is great, benefits are great. I'd highly recommend this company!
Most beneficial experience, and an amazing work environment.
Great people, strong learning culture.
amazing place to work most of the time
Some of the best benefits of any company. Even at the retail level. Including fitness reimbursement
Benefits (medical, vision, dental), product discounts, great first experience, company culture
Can work from home, great pay, great benefits, great discounts, et
The benefits are amazing - great health insurance. Um, that's about it.
Great work life balance and culture
IT - IOS / Software Engineer Abilities
Educational, Fast paced, Open minded. The people you get to work with are what make the job. You own your own development. Great company values and culture.
Great benefits. Awesome culture (outside the workplace). Flexible schedule. Exciting product.
I really loved the atmosphere and the people that I worked with. You really do feel like family and everyone that is hired is so diverse. It was always fun and exciting. The benefits and the pay were great and I definitely miss it.
Amazing work environment, great people, great customers! Everyone is invested and passionate
Great company based on a culture of giving back to the community as well as supports employee development
Competitive salary and benefits for retail, lots of training opportunities, great co-workers.
The benefits and pay are amazing for retail
Best Pay. Great Career Chanllenges.
Absolutely kind and diverse set of employees, you learn something new every day and gain great knowledge and experience in a field and at a place that nearly everyone is familiar with/uses in everyday life.
Great with Benefits and CEO vision
The people who work there are some of the most creative and kind people I have met. There is a hunger for curiosity and helping others which is amazing.
It's a good place to work, great times were had by all
Challenging work, great colleagues, passionate team, great facilities
Interesting and meaningful work, and daily impact.
Great team, great office, OK salary.
Dedicated, driven, and creative co-workers, good pay for a retail environment, challenging, great company values, part-time benefits, fitness reimbursement,
Great place to work, learned a lot
Discounts on products were fair
Excellent benefits and fun atmosphere
Pay was great for retail position.
There's always something new to learn and share and the managers were very supportive.
Learning curve is very high
Good place to work at
Decent pay for the area, good amount of vacation time, good healthcare benefits.
Great Pay, Work From Home, Great PTO,
There's a great employee culture
Great team and managers to help you grow personally and professionally
Awesome self-established culture among the employees. Relatively good pay within the retail industry Good discounts
Great health benefits and perks. Room for growth and skills that you can take on to other jobs.
Great Company to work for
Exposure, ability to learn and pick up new projects, growth are almost a given with any job a Apple. Being part of a brand name such as Apple gives a sense of pride like no other company in the world
great company with great products
Great part time and full time benefits.
Extremely flexible schedule (for part-timers), above minimum wage pay
nice working hours and benefits
Working part time gives really flexible hours. Stock. Product discounts. Talented group of coworkers. Ability to work in different departments.
- discounts on Apple products
Fun place, relaxed atmosphere, nice people
The staff wants you to grow. The training is phenomenal
Good pay for retail Flexible hours Opportunity to learn
great pay for retail, amazing culture- unlike anything you may experience, encouragement to be yourself
Great culture, great experience, great benefits.
Great company and any small change would impact millions of people .
fast paced environment, fun people
Great work environment with a great team.
The benefits, culture, and creativity
Apple moves fast, so if you're early in your career you'll learn by doing instead of through mentorship.
SHORT AND FRIENDLY interactions with the employees and customers
Wonderful work environment and benefits
fair work schedule. good pay
- Easy pay for mindless work. - Job security. - Culturally diverse. - Showers in the bathrooms. - Fruit delivered Tuesday and Thursdays 8am front lobby. #bananas
One of the most beloved brands in the world Truly global company with worldwide presence + loyal international customers Fantastic benefits and workplace resources (including gourmet, healthy food) Still a lot of people around who strive to "make a dent in the universe" (SJ)
Great benefits! Really enjoyed the work environment. Managers really care about you. The stock program is top notch. Highly recommend applying here!
For a retail store you get insanely good benefits. 401 K. RSUs. Stock Benefits. Health, vision, and dental insurance. Pretty remarkable.  Encourages an environment of feedback, including to leadership. Something you just don't find very often.
work from home and discount
Good people, discounts on computers etc.
Great work at home job compensation is good
You can make your own decisions, no team work, rare team meetings low level of supervision, good for those who like to work on their own pace
-Great People, Good pay, Good Benifits
Apple has a great retail atmosphere and it's an amazing opportunity to interact and work with all of their beautiful products. Coworkers are amazingly talented and super friendly, so work is never boring! It's a very engaging environment and you do feel like you are part of the company instead of just a 'subordinate' to management and corporate. You aren't bound to act a certain way or speak a certain way to customers, management encourages you to be yourself and make a connection with the customer on a deeper level before selling products. In the end, you get to meet some very interesting customers and make valuable connections with them. In addition to all of that, Apple provides great benefits, including insurance, reimbursements, and employee discounts. Hourly pay for retail employees is also very good. Overall, working for Apple was one of the best decisions I've ever made. I will cherish my experience there for years to come.
Opportunities for growth and great benefits. Management is approachable and helps put you in position to succeed. Must be vocal and take initiative.
The group that I worked in truly values its' employees, as does the company. It's clear to me that if you are a high contributor in your group and take advantage of the Apple benefits, you will be compensated accordingly and feel like you are valued. This will require a work-life imbalance, so be willing to sacrifice weekends or evenings if you want to be a high contributor and receive larger raises, cash bonus and RSUs. Otherwise, raises, cash bonus and RSUs will be smaller or non-existent. You can't "coast along" here or become stagnant. If you do, compensation will suffer. I had the time of my life working at Apple, and if not for a 2 hour (each way) commute to work each day, I would absolutely still be working there.
Apple is the BEST company I've ever worked for. I can't say one bad thing about them.
If you love the products, it makes it easy to talk about them on a day to day basis.
Employee enthusiasm Network Health insurance Dental coverage Social atmosphere
good community with good benifits
Fun. Flexible. Great Stepping Stone
Amazing benefits, Cool management, Managers are really laid back
Good team culture, Top Talent
Apple proves great benefits and opportunities
Flexible Hours Great Benefits Excellent sales experience
Even though it's retail, you feel like you're part of the company as a whole. The work that happens in retail is important and it feels like what you do matters .
no one knows when you come , what you do projects always last min. you can easily get lost. come any time and go, very easy.
Engaging culture to be a part of. Apple does an excellent job making sure its employees are taken care of.
RSUs and Challenging work, great advancement, promotions, discounted phones for friends
Really great benefits, good pay for entry level positions, laid back. diversity
You get a discount on Apple products, and most of the people that work for Apple are very passionate creatively, it’s a nice way to get a foot into the technology industry.
Great benefits and incentives, decent pay.
Best part of the job were the benefits. 401k, stock program, tuition reimbursement, and fitness reimbursement.
Engineer-oriented big company, excellent working culture working with the best engineers in the world any work made by you can benefit millions of millions people
-Benefits are great -Core values comapny wide -Diversity accross the board -Rewarding after most interactions
The people , the atmosphere, the opportunity to move up within the company . The location on the beach is beautiful. The pay you can’t complain as someone just starting out. Just work harder and be passionate! Have leadership skills. You’ll get promoted.
Working from home Full benefits good pay @ 11.75/hr
My coworkers were some of the greatest humans I have ever met.
Good work environment and great people
If you are the type of person who owns your own self development, you can learn a lot from this company.  The pay is pretty good for retail and the benefits are pretty dang good as well  The people they hire are pretty amazing and you can develop some of the most impactful relationships.  The people you work with are some of the brightest most passionate individuals- don’t be surprised if you often feel inspired by your coworkers.
Good benefits. Good learning experience. Flexible Schedule
Great benefits even for part time employees, great starting pay for retail, opportunities to work up in the store
ipad ipod was a great design
Lots to learn, very smart people.
Great culture of quality
Great training and teamwork. Managers care.
Great benefits!! Apple is very willing to work with you on your schedule and the managers are always there to help you if you get in a tough spot with school.
Getting to work from home.
Great Scheduling and works around your time, Great benefits for insurance and Apple products. Work from home
work on problems that effect millions of customers a year
High pay for low job entry standard
Amazing benefits and co-workers. They really feel like a family
Great benefits work from home salary
Iconic company that makes great products. You can pretty much meet with any senior executive with Apple on your badge.
Apple has one of the most powerful, highly recognized brands in the world and it is an incredible experience to make an impact towards innovative new products. There are plenty of smart, talented people to surround yourself with.
Very great skills for sales and teamwork.
nice cool job to say, ok benefits
- good benefits - generous stock plan
great company, great people, great culture
There’s a lot of growth in the company
Excellent benefits At-home positions available Employee exclusive benefits, discounts, and more Flexible shifts Paid training
Great culture of change, they are always working to improve customer experience. There is a culture of feedback within Apple.
open-minded environment and a great place to work. You can learn a lot from not only your mentors but also your peers. Love the culture and career development.
- benefits - Discounts - Pay for the brainless job - Fruit delivery for the office - Cafes
Lots of money and places to grow
good perks working at a big company
Brand recognition Great products Good development processes
Great company to work for, benefits are pretty amazing for part-time work, great team
I love that if you work hard there's opportunity to advance quickly. The pay is great, always learning new skills.
-they take care of you -they care about you
high paced, great people, flexible in terms of how to manage your own schedule
benefits, great atmosphere, motivated workers
money and experience getting paid the big bucks
Amazing inspiring environment. HWTE is responsible for making sure every product is tested to behave the same, perfect, calibrated and fit for use. There are many different projects and product to choose from, so it won't ever get boring. If it can be done better it will. Apple in general is a great employer and they take good care of their people.
Sure you work for a great brand
Most are folks are good to work with and you learn while on the job.
The stock went up quite a bit while I was there.
Great benefits, friendly coworkers, opportunity to grow with the company,
You get to work with a ton of smart, creative, passionate people. The cool thing about Apple even at the retail level is that there is a genuine desire for open communication and creative thinking. If you're willing to work at it, you can often get ideas to fly.
Great benefits and work life balance
Excellent benefits and on-site cafe
Apple has an inclusive nature and it's environment offers a "for the people" approach. It's honestly the best job I've ever had and I've been there for 6 years now.
good . fun. decent pay n beneifts
Good medical benefits. Good discounts, very easy job to do, good co workers. Stock options for full or part time employees.
Secure. They won’t fire you
Product discounts Schedule works around school schedule Co workers are great
great company focused on people and full of great people
Benefits, coworkers( positive supportive people) , stock plan, discounts, great culture, 401k , great leadership in most cases .Feedback culture
Good learning experience Good pay Great teammates Great team dynamic
Good discounts on products, initially advancement, but rapidly peters out, not a lot of communication among other groups
work with smart people, nice working environment
They can hide implicit racism very well.
Great environment and salary.
Good Benefits, easy job, stock options
- Great benefits for retail - Great starting pay for retail - A lot of opportunity for internships in other areas of the company.
Builds strong communication skills and offers great benefits.
Free Coffee Clean working environment Best customers in the world Quality equipment
The Team Work Spirit and support mechanism.
cutting edge technology and working with smart people
Amazing coworkers and managers. Everyone is very supportive and will help you if you have any questions. Scheduling is good, they def try and work around your availability. The store is gorgeous. Benefits are fantastic even for part time.
Cool products, high expectations and smart coworkers.
Decent pay and good benefits
This is a great position for the average coulee student looking to make a few extra bucks. Not only is their pay competitive but they provide you with a brand new mac computer and even offer tuition reimbursement which is amazing. You're offered stock in the company and there are opportunities for additional employment within the company.
The people are absolutely amazing
great benefits and great pay
Company will not go out of bussiness
Great benefits, great discounts, made some amazing friends. Decent pay for sales staff. Could be a little better for Genius Bar staff. On paper, one of the best retail jobs you can have
Great people to work with and great client base.
Great Staff, good pay, full time benefits for part time, and excellent training
Off the phone. Data entry. Relaxed Environment. Job is easy to do. A lot of down time. Can take opportunity to shadow different departments. Learn what you can
The pros are well known. Great people (for the most part) and benefits.
Great Products, intelligent people, great compensation for high performers
The people you work with, Apple does a great job at finding the right team.
It was a good entry level job.
Working on products everyone uses, most talented hardware development organization in the valley
Leading edge in tech, reasonable benefits
-Pays well if you're able to progress (promotions) -The discounts -Lasting relationships with peers -Looks good on a Resumé -Benefits -personal/professional experiences
Good pay, good work, challenging
Amazing experience building solutions for people, using some of the best mainstream tech on the planet.
Was a pretty fun place to work
- Great Benefits and perks (reimbursement for public trans, discount on cell phone plans, excellent employee stock program and retirement plan, free icloud storage, very generous product discounts for yourself and family, discounts with apple partners like hertz) - Positive work environment - Decent pay
great employee benefits and discounts.
-benefits for part timers are great -discounts -flexibility for school schedules -starting pay is good -educational assistantance -care about individuals and their health and management always makes sure you can work physically and mentally
Some of the brightest minds in the industry
401k match, employee discounts, stock options. Beautiful Campus, Cafe Macs, great coworkers.
Great pay, great company to work for
Benefits are amazing, good company with the right values, some opportunity for growth. Management does try to care which is more than most.
Great benefits and perks for full-time and part-time.
good benefits, great discounts, fairly straight forward job
Dynamic environment, cool products, competitive compensation/benefits
Great group of people to work with
Works around class schedule great benefit for part time job
Incredibly intelligent coworkers. Innovation is highly valued. General desire to design the best products possible. Caffé food is excellent. Compensation is fantastic.
I absolutely love being able to be a part of a company that is constantly changing the world, They have a good management and a great work culture. They are generous with healthcare benefits and product discounts
The people, benefits, and *potential* to grow
Awesome coworkers, great pay for retail, great benefits (401k, stock, health insurance, tuition reimbursment). Flexible scheduling
Seeing all the latest products, extensive product knowledge, employe discounts.
Generous benefits, your coworkers are some of the best people you’ll meet. Meet lots of people from all over the world.
Great company. Great environment if you have great people
Apple sounds like an exciting company to work for, benefits, getting a free iMac was fun to play around with but you can't use it for personal use
You get to work on projects that have consequence and meaning. Your peers and your bosses are all driven by the need to accomplish something great. Most likely, they are type As just like you and have the same passion for detail. As a result, the feeling that you get from being in such exclusive company is a source of professional pride. You also learn new skills from being on different projects across the world and interacting with experts in all fields.
Amazing benefits and employee rights. Everything at Apple is structured and clearly laid out for every employee. The Apple culture is also a huge perk, it literally feels like an extension to your family.
Great part time benefits like 401k etc
Extremely Smart People Wonderful and exciting products Great management and growth opportunities Proud of the work we do here Amazing compensation and benefits Employee happiness and retention is top priority
effective execution year over year
Loved the experience. Great people to work with. Really enjoyed the environment and the great people I got a chance to work with
My year anniversary is next week and I absolutely love working at Apple! You will challenge yourself and grow everyday..but there is no better place to do it. You're fully supported by Senior Team Members to help you with any issue you come across. If you have a chance to apply..DO IT!!Oh and the Cafe is amazing!
Great company, good benefits, enjoy working there
- Work from Home - Great Training - Great Pay - Great Management/Supervisor/Team Leads/Trainers ect. - Wonderful Benefits -- never seen anything like it with any other company. - A Company That Makes You APART of their family - A Company that CARES about YOUR family and takes care of their own - Offers 8 hour, 10 hour, and split shift, based on your job performance - Offers STD/LTD and takes care of its employees health with wonderful benefits - Tuition Reimbursement
Super smart people everywhere. Excellent work environment with great food and college type feel/
There are many pros to working for Apple inc including Benefits, training, people, employee discount, and work life balance. I recommend working with Apple.
The Apple Store policies are great for customers, if you want to make a return or exchange after the 14 days return policy YOU CAN, just ask for a Mgr and tell him that you live overseas and for that reason you couldn't do it before...
Amazing culture of people who want to make the world a better place through technology
Helpful, supportive, great pay, and PTO
Company culture is excellent, with a strong focus on progressive topics such as environmental responsibility and equality. Get to work on products that have a tangible impact on millions of lives around the world.
You know that feeling when you actually loving going to work everyday? If you work for Apple you will feel this constantly. Apple builds a community around its employees, encouraging them to grow themselves and build friendships and close bonds with each other. They want you to grow as a person and as an employee, and everyone you work with is only there to help you succeed in this. They focus on the customer experience instead of selling which makes your job easy when all you have to do is get to know your customers on a more personal level instead of shoving products at them. They have good benefits for part time and full time employees, along with great discounts. Over all, my experience with Apple has only been amazing from the day I️ got called in for an interview. I️ couldn’t be happier with my job and I’m so glad I️ decided to work here and that they decided to hire me.
Great company OVERALL. Excellent work environment. Good for building good communication styles and networking
Part time entry level capable of working up to full time role as Apple Solutions Consultant. Sales focused if that is what you’re looking for with tons of opportunity.
benefits for part time employees
I work with some amazing people Benefits are alright The company core values align with my own. In terms of customer privacy, human rights, etc.
Good and challenging work, lot to learn. Lot of cool technologies. Have to follow lot of rules which makes the development process very unproductive
Great benefits Lots of third-party discounts Employee Stock Purchasing Program Employee Purchase Program
Great for learning new things and dealing with challenging question on the fly.
I work here and love the company. Plenty of opportunities!
Work from home opportunity with a lot of internal growth potential
Everyday is something new. The growth and development you get as a person is awesome. The benefits are some of the best of any company.
Amazing best job you could ever have
restaurant is good, free dinners
Great pay, good benefits, boatload of discounts.
Great Team, Fun Environment, Always Learning, Challenging
- Flexibility* - Decent discount - Medical benefits for part time
Learning about the best technology out there and sharing what you know. Loved making sure customers left with the right technology for their needs.
Very good at what they do
Welcoming and open culture. Immediately feel as though you belong to something more.  Extensive wells of knowledge.
Perks, discounts, travel Fun Promote creativity
Great company, great benefits, and there is a whole list of support.
Decent pay, Tuition reimbursement and assitance
Great benefits, understanding management, perks are ok
Apple really does care about their employees. If you do well for them they reward you. Even at the bottom as technical support they recognize hard work and reward you. People in this role who do not perform well probably hate it, but the job is not hard and they want you to succeed.
Apple has some of the brightest people working in Apps. Working at Apple really dresses up your resume. Expectations are very high for everyone. Consultants included. There was a high end Latte / Espresso machine in the break area. Private office which had no windows and was quiet. Interesting people to meet in the hall once and a while. Everyone is painfully hip. The more face and body art - the more Apple"y" end edgy it seems to be. People seem to watch the edgy commercials on TV and dress the part at work.  The commute bus. Huge huge perk. Employees get a good EDD discount on new Apple products.  Working with people who code at the speed of light.  Some of the buildings and offices are private. This is a HUGE perk.  If you have a creative job at Apple and you are not keeping infrastructure running then I think you will be very happy.  You will work with the brightest people in the world. You may gain tattoos and face art in the process because everyone else will be wearing it.  Apple is mostly a young culture- 25 to 35 is the mean age.  My team did NOT have SCRUM. I hate SCRUM / Jira And escaping the SCRUM disease even for 5 months was a HUGE bonus.  The Large Apple Park RING is filling up. I hear it is pretty cool in there. But mostly Facebook style seating. Gee, thanks Facebook (not!)
Your colleagues are everything . They teach you how to deal and respond to high stress situations with customers. The tools are there, definitely.
Working at Apple has been a great overall experience. You are privileged to work with the smartest people in the world, and knowing that your hard work truly has an impact on the world is an awesome feeling.
Everything was absolutely the most amazing!
Apple makes some really great products, and it's fun working with people that share the same passion for their technology.
Culture, self development, attitude of how can we help you whee you are struggling either professionally or personally
Excellent benefits, you can definitely make a career of working at Apple Retail if that's something that works for you. I recommend figuring that out sooner rather than later.
Great Company to work for
Awesome benefits. The variety of people at Apple is absolutely a great aspect. It creates for incredible networking and collaboration. The campus itself in Austin, TX is really beuatiful. Through my almost five years there, they have added on many things to the campus which were direct responses to employee feedback and requests. It's great having medical offices on campus, too, but see the Cons for other thoughts on that.
Great perks for a retail company! 401k, fitness reimbursement, discounts and stock options. Apple is also giving RSU's to their employees.
Good health benefits, 401k and somewhat flexibility as you can trade your shifts. You get to work with a lot of talented people.
Good employee development through company resources, lots of smart engineers
i love the atmosphere it does allow for growth and challenges you
Amazing company, great leadership, awesome perks, part of something good, opportunities to move up!
taking advantage of big money free food easy workplace good pay without doing anything
Nice benefits. Prestigious company.
Great benefits, the company actually listens to your needs and tries to take action, the wage is the best of all retail jobs.
Great feedback culture and they hire people who put a lot of effort into doing their job very well so things run like a well oiled machine.
Focused on your growth and development. Freedom to pursue specific goals. Great and unique people. Great work - life balance. Promote heavily from within.
Brilliant people to learn from. Compensation is decent. flexible schedule. beautiful new campus.
The benefits and perks were alright.
Discounted Apple Products(50% of HomePod!). A nice work environment.
great company culture, love coming to work every day
Challenging projects and fast turnover schedules.
Benefits like commuter card, 401k. Stock purchase program. RSUs. The people that work there are very friendly and intelligent. Paid vacation if your full time
lots of great products, ideas, culture, status, benefits
Competitive pay and full benefits after 90 days of employment. Flexibility with shifts, working around other job/ school. Fun place to work and keeps you very sharp on industry trends.
You are your own boss. You get to work from home. They try to be a flexible as possible with your personal schedule.
Learn a lot about Apple products, lots of wonderful colleagues, good benefits for part-time people, decent pay for retail
Good for opportunities surging market
The pay and benefits at Apple are definitely worth it, no doubt. You also get to me alot of pretty cool people.
Pay is above industry average. Benefits are fantastic and include top tier medical, dental, and vision. Stock purchase plan is great. Many talented people work there.
Great company atmosphere. Good benefits for employees.
One of the best Companies in the world
- great expereience - fun helping customers
Positive, supportive engineering culture that tries hard to leave ego at the door. Opportunity for talented individuals to make a different in what gets shipped and how. Impact on a huge, passionate customer base. Teams that really do care about quality.
Benefits were good, but that s it
Very friendly and supportive staff. Plenty of resources to make sure you can succeed. Great benefits, even for part-time employees. Fun, upbeat environment.
- Good benefits - Great upward mobility - Awesome management
A great company culture. They hire wonderful people and foster a sense of community.
I think Apple is the best company in the world and I would be honored to work thereIt is truly amazing
Take care of you with benefits/stocks
Great benefits. Co workers were amazing. I can’t think of more than this but it has to be at least 20 words
People are just very smart and push you.
Great work life balance and awesome benefits
Good Company to work for
Good place. I highly recommend.
Apple is the best employer
Good environment, fun people, good perks
Work with smart and engaging teams. Fast pace with challenging issues to overcome. Company that stands behind its products and people.
The people you work with are of the highest quality. The benefits are great (healthcare for PT). An exciting environment, always something new to learn. Company has great values.
fun work with fun people
Very Good Benefits, Good Compensation
The benefits are really good!
it is amazing to work at there
It is as amazing as I thought it would be! Hoping to move up with the company and become corporate one day!
Great products and leadership team to work with.
The benefits are second to none.
Flexible work schedule, They care about their employees.
Amazing company to work for
Work from home, good benefits, perks
Famous company and good environemnt
Good benefits work from home
Great benefits and good people
The most inspirational work you can ever hope to find. Facilities and environment is fantastic. Support to employees is phenomenal. 401k matching, Health, educational services are bar none. Regular grants in cash and RSUs for performance. Staying at the company long-term has phenomenal benefits. Co-workers are all highly motivated interesting individuals who are often a great pleasure to be around and learn from. Everybody is (generally) happy and proud to be there, to do the work they do.
-Customer service and support within the store
very good Colleagues and work environment
Apple on your resume. Decent cafeteria. Coworkers are great and have the same feelings on management. Work area is quiet.
A company with real values, a great team, and I feel like I'm making a positive impact.
The products and people you work with are honestly brilliant. The benefits are great and if you put in at least half effort, Apple Retail will groom you into a crazy good employee. To survive you have to assimilate to culture, but it teaches you how to navigate political environments. I can honestly say the skills I learned at apple have been some of my biggest assets in the professional world since I left. I am really grateful.
I really like my job there, people are very smart
Very friendly family-like working environment.
Apple Retail: Easily among the most technically astute, personable, and hard-working people I have ever encountered. These people will do anything to help their colleagues and their customers. It's a tough job, as the products are numerous, complex, and ever-changing. The managers are so good that Steven Covey or Tom DeMarco could write a book about them. After 40+ years, Apple continues to astonish. It's gratifying to see the new generation "get" what Apple is about.
Best job ever, love the diverse culture.
Clear and open communication, strong work ethic across my team, solid management that allows autonomy, benefits make you feel like you're really being taken care of, work is actually fun
Good pay, chance to be part of something important
Phenomenal benefits and flexible working hours
-- health and dental benefits -- hourly pay -- stock benefits -- great discounts
I’m working with qualified, capable and motivated colleagues in a space that encourages and delights people who come to explore their own dreams, learn new skills, and use Apple’s tech tools.
Great interaction with customers, good coworkers
Great Culture, environment, and work is minimal and enjoyable
Exciting place to work. Lots of really smart people sharing the common goal of innovation and making a difference through their work. Free snacks, drinks and lots of other perks.
Amazing place to work with amazing co-worker and benefits for people working part-time
money is good and work hours are good
Great team work environment. Training is amazing not what you would ever expect. With management that respects you and feedback is always welcome and encouraged.
This is a job that forces you to grow and learn more as a person. There are lots of opportunities within the company to build a career and get experience in several different roles.
Too many positive aspects to bother.
Good benefits, I like my co-workers, generally fun work environment.
Tech busses, amazing colleagues, sunny Cupertino!
Health, vision and dental insurance. Tons of employee support.
Amazing Benefits for a retail roles and great people to work with.
Great Company. Getting to work on latest technologies.
Great team, great benefits, great pay
its fine but there can be improvements
- amazing projects - work with very smart people - get to learn lot of new things
Computer discounts. Great on resume.
Great Management Fun work environment Fun coworkers
Benefits are really good, lots of friendly and helpful people to maintain positive work environment.
good pay, great environment, Fun
amazing training, great management and communication
The company really takes pride in it's people, and takes care of each of their employees. We're provided great perks and benefits, and the pay is excellent.
Great Benefits, Get to wear jeans and tshirt
Very flexible and accommodating for me being in school competitive pay opportunity for advancement and regular pay raises/bonuses
I worked with the company for over a decade. I learned so much within retail, customer service, logistics and inventory. I wish I could have stayed longer
Great environment and friendly people
Having Apple on my resume has gotten my foot in the door at some amazing companies.
Stimulating, fast-paced environment. Loved every minute of it, especially the period after Steve came back. GREAT experience.
The culture at Apple is second to none. After leaving apple and working for several companies I noticed the lack of culture even though these companies clearly noted that they "embrace culture".
Work at home Paid compensation for internet Provided items for support use
company uses resource very efficiently
Great Work Environment Great Pay Awesome Benefits
I work for Apple Retail. Benefits are great, pay is decent, and the people are amazing.
They have good and thorough training.
Monthly/Bi-Monthly sometimes yummy free food. Doctor/Gym on-site. Cafe on-site, hit and miss on food, most often good. Attempt at listening to employee happiness. Medical/Health benefits. If you love Apple, it's an opportunity to make this into your career. If you don't, you can boost your resume with disdain.
Compensation, pay and benefits are good
Great, friendly, rewarding, good and genuine.
Good benefits, decent pay, can be indifferent to customers.
Great boss, coworkers, benefits, perks and overall environment
Great benefits even for part time, great people you work with, excellent and understanding leadership.
- Loving the work and believing in leadership is a blessing. - Tons of perks. - Passion in the people you work with.
Innovation organization. They care deeply about providing the best experience to consumers possible. My fellow employees are proud to work at Apple.
good comiunity and hard working people so that you can be sucsesful
- higher than average pay - awesome benefits - opportunity for advancement - surrounded by great people - the ability to make a difference
Fast paced Work with new products Great company culture Room for advancement
Great Company with great benefits
Great benefits, great leadership, great company, and a solid path to promotion
Healthcare, employee stock purchase program
Learn a lot from experience people. You know that you're working on something that everyone around you loves - iPhones.
Brilliant peers and coworkers
Great, fun, and creative people
Good working environment with great coworkers.
Great pay for retail so you can’t complain about that. Hands down the best job I’ve ever had that was considered retail.
Great pay (for retail) and benefits
Hands are in many software products that touches customers. Instant gratification of what work you do has direct impact on customers.
At home work and good pay.
For me the most amazing thing to work at Apple is that I actually work on the best products in the world, and everyone here has the same feeling. We feel that we are doing the best work of our lives. Everyone I had the experience to work with are very talented, above the average for sure. Also, it is great to be owner of the whole product stack, this is a unique position at Apple.  The environment is great. Great food quality on restaurants. Work-life balance is fine in my opinion, much better than most companies in the valley.
Great place to work. Amazing benefits, both part time and full time. Discounts are very good.
Still trying to think of one.
I have never met a more loving, positive, encouraging environment than working for Apple Retail. If I could have transferred more easier, I would never have dreamed of leaving Apple, but alas, I had to move for family and was unable to successfully transfer.
Great people, great benefits, fun environment
well-established reputation, competitive salary, friendly environment
A company that truly values their employees. Employees are well compensated for their work.
Great benefits. They hire amazing people and the work atmosphere is fun and always changing. Managers clearly spent time with employees working on growth. Many options to shift around laterally.
Yearly tuition reimbursement. Awesome culture. Caring and flexible managers. Generous vacation and sick time. Numerous stock ownership opportunities. Nice discounts. Frequent company care packages. Site-wide praise and recognition for performance and achievement.
fast-paced well-paid great benefits amazing people to work with
All of the staff are friendly, understanding people who go beyond mere teamwork. Everyone, including the managers and leads, serves as a great support system for eachother.
Great environment in which to work. Supportive team with a deep and strong culture of feedback and achievement. Apply soon!
To become more experience and efficient .Also to combine certain factors to bring out positive outcome
Great benefits, great pay, good team atomophrere.
Awesome perks. Team felt like family. Plenty of opportunity for job growth. Top notch training. You can travel within the company.
Great Benefits and on campus services
Great products, environment that encourages learning and fast paced environment. The peer group is great at teaching and encouraging new technology. Working alongside talented, smart people makes you want to better yourself. Helping customers solve problems is rewarding.
Great benefits, great on campus training
discounts were great, got discounts on almost all apple products and the benefits other than discounts were amazing like the apple stock plan
-Great people to work with -Benifits and bonuses are some of the best out there -Good salaries
Great 401K and medical benefits Very smart people Fast moving company Monetary support for carrying out programs and projects
Great Pay Great Benefits Growth potential
Teamwork environment and fun place to work
Apple retail is the best retail job out there. Apple attracts the best people and they are all incredibly smart. If you work hard, you’ll move up quickly. Apple pays well — for a retail job. 75% of the customers are great. The employee stock purchase program is incredible, and the health insurance is the same for retail employees as it is for corporate employees. The tuition reimbursement program is an incredible benefit that put me through grad school. The benefits are the reason most people stay for years.
-This is the best job in retail you could ever ask for. -Really fun people -Great benefits -Fair pay
Great work, smart colleagues, flexible work schedule
Stock options. Discounts on products.
Apple has a people mentality , they want to bring out the best in everyone. Since I was young I know helping people was what I wanted to do, I get that at Apple.
Active work and positive work environment
Well above average pay and benefits are great for students
Everyone in the building is apart of a team, they even make it a point to welcome anyone new in a high peer-to-peer feedback environment.
Pay, prestige, interesting, fun, easy
Great pay and fast paced. The work can be really rewarding.
Great learning environment and management seems to want you to progress.
Excellent company to have on resume, good environment, smart people, great benefits- health insurance is high quality with low cost.
Quality products you can easily recommend to benefit customers without having the pressure of making the sale.
Everyone is always excited and friendly Diverse team Managers can be motivating and help you seek other opportunities Pushes you to be self-disciplined Great benefits and pay
Benefits, good stock options and cafeteria
name that it is famous
free food,apple care,free gym,everything is good
Co-workers are some of the most talented people I have ever worked with.
good salary, work from home, dependable schedule. good benefits, nice equipment and discounts. looks great on a resume. industry leader
Decent/good pay, good benefits, great 401k, product and service discount, and the opportunity to work from home. They have a full cafe and gym for employees.
Great diversity, interesting work environment.
Apple has great benefits, that include affordable medical, dental, and vision. Some added perks are free 200GB of iCloud storage, and free Apple gear. They also have flexible work schedules.
PTO, great benefits, high hourly pay.
Some of the most talented co workers everyone has an hobby or passion outside of work and they’re great at it it’s awesome to see some very talented people.
Great place to work, great people, awesome benefits.
Great benefits and flexible scheduling. There is a great relationship between peers. You make great and lasting friendships. No prior Apple knowledge required for employment
Cutting edge products, a lot of excitement, never too slow
Very casual yet professional work environment.
Teamwork, Training, culture, management, discounts
Tons of senior experienced engineers to learn from, especially for people looking for hardware engineering as a career path. A solid company on earth to learn "execution". Hard and long working hour folks get rewards. Fancy on your resume. Free dinner if you work on site lately.
The quality of work is good Lot of avenues for learning and growing The pay is above the industry average
The team you lead will be the most rewarding experience of your life, they will teach you priceless lessons and you will become the leader you were meant to be
Work environment, co-workers and management.
Annual performance reviews for pay increases, health benefits, 401k, fitness reimbursement, adoption assistance, and schedule options for work at home.
Would only recommend if you are 18 in college and looking for career growth with a technology company:  Awesome co-workers, no dress code, judgement free, great benefits: medical, dental, optical, gym reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, store gift card and discounts for both part time and full time employees.
Best benefits I have ever had from any company
Teaches strong skills that can apply to any field
I like it because you make money
Great work environment, amazing perks even for a part-timer, competitive wages. Amazing team.
Very open communication and feedback environment. Always room for improvement and upward mobility within company.
- Benefits are quite nice for single employees - Free buses from pretty much every corner of the larger Bay Area
Great benefits,competitive pay, great people to work with.
Great benefits Great Pay Work From Home
Some of the best people you will ever work with, fantastic training, amazing knowledge
Always something different to learn in a fast paced environment with colleagues willing to help
Team was incredibly smart. Impactful work. Lean organization leads to significant opportunity. Supportive environment. Global reach in every thing you do.
Great working environment, amazing staff!
good company and great benefits
Fast paced, cutting edge environment, really smart co-workers...
Competitive compensation and great benefits
Good health benefits and stock buying options for full and part time employees.
in many cases the other employees are brilliant and fun (try to avoid the obnoxious and arrogant ones) and it is a nice environment
Discount, Insurance, Organization, and Hours
clear focus on innovation but only limited to products
Get to work on the latest technology with smart and motivated co-workers. Good overall compensation and benefits.
The culture with this company is one of a kind. Management invests time, thought, and effort in all of their employees. When working in an Apple retail store, it does not feel like retail. Apple gives you invaluable tools to succeed, and progress within the company, or to expand elsewhere.
Great people to work with. Good salary for retail. Great benefits!!! Feels like a true family. Great discounts!! Opportunities to move to corporate
Benefits, stock plan, employee discount, 401K, commuter assistance
Some of the best things in life are free. That's a lie. Most things cost money including new iPhones. Sometimes they are worth it. Other times they are worth it.
-You’ll work with the most amazing people. You will meet some of the smartest, talented and unique people -great benefits -fast paced environment -some discounts on gadgets
Great pay and customer interaction
Projects are challenging and benefits are good
Benefits are amazing! They give every employee a $100 monthly travel allowance via Wage Works... Great medical, dental and vision coverage. Offer you stock options at a reduced rate.
Great benefits even for (at home) AHA employees,
Great people, tons of fun working there
Benefits, people, light atmosphere, money
Benefits, Meaningful work, co-workers, work environment, profitable, friendly, & approachable.
Great creative environment and super supportive company.
Very few and far between. The pros that do exist, the company does capitalized. Good benefit, Stock options...etc
Amazing benefits Growth environment Fun environment while still maintaining the goal of making it the best place to shop
Working at apple means you are working at one of the best companies in the world.
Benefits, discount, culture and diversity
The Part-time benefits are absolutely incredible and they dont make it feel like a typical retail environment.
Smart colleagues, good perks, great products
- Training and Development - Benefits - People - Always Busy
Great benefits, pay is great, love the company.
leading edge technology but must be able to quickly adapt to the fast paced environment
Great team to work with,. Exciting environment.
Dresscode, Fresh Fruit, Respect they give their employees.
personal discounts & discounts for friends&family
The Benefits are amazing! The people are too. Work-life balance is the best.
Great people to work with
great starting compensation wonderful co-workers generally good management benefits for part time stock buy back program discounts
Great people and great casual atmosphere
Amazing benefits, great opportunities to grow within the company.
Exceptional pay and good travel policy
Every day team members, 3rd party discounts
products used by billions of people
Innovation is rewarded, beer bashes were held every few months, and Apple is a well known for innovative products.
Starting salary and many opportunities in all levels of the company. They take your opinions in to consideration.
- Awesome work environment -Inclusive Benefits
The company was amazing, as are the people who work there.
Quality products. Company with strong values. Good starting pay. Good leadership for the most part. A company that makes you enjoy working for them.
I'm surrounded by ridiculously smart people everyday that constantly challenge me to do my best. Good employee benefits. Leadership I feel confident in. Tough but rewarding work.
Great benefits, good pay, decent management
Great company to work for everyone has positive thinking
global experience and great products
Working with Apple was great. I was fortunate enough to be able to max out my contributions to 401k and stock options plane
Well compensated Great career opportunities Numerous campus life events and social groups
Benefits, staff, work environment, great work life balance. You are surrounded by great people and a company who cares about its consumers AND employees. Enriching the lives of everyone is Applee's motto.
It's easy to work there, easy to get into the interview
Leaving and the discounts on electronics Great people Good benefits for part timer students. Flexible hours but be prepared to be bombarded with obvious retail questions and being blamed for everything wrong with the world
Apple do like to spend money on their employees to make them feel appreciated. We had once a month beer bashes, they leave care packages on our desks (that has snacks and drinks inside). Their employee enrichment program really does make work fun at times. They allow us to play music and use Facebook during break. Money was good for that level of work. And plus it is Apple.
Health benefits, 401k matching, stock options, great fellow coworkers, use to get great gifts and discounts. Still get some discounts but not as before.
Excellent benefits for retail, cool products, awesome coworkers
Benefits Team Members Pay for an entry level retail job.
Great benefits and pay along with remote work
great company and at home
Tons of resources, lots of really smart people. You're working on products that millions of customers will eventually have in their hands.
Great place great benefits
Many opportunities and awsome learning experiences
Stock. Excellent engineers. Just brilliance everywhere you look.
Great benefits and discounts for devices are amazing.
You get to tell people you work from Apple. You get a nice discount on a computer every 3 years . Benefits are ok lots of companies with better benefits. Don’t be sucked in
Has great pay and work life balance
Amazing coworkers. Apple picks the best people.
Good benefits, decent pay and great products. They generally hire some very great people.
Fun company to work for
You get to work on the technology products with the largest volumes, and some of the best designs. The iPhone is still the best smartphone, and the company is still trying to make their other products worthwhile.
The jobs are very creative.
The company really cares about their product and people
Great work environment everyone is happy
great company, good benefits and perks, good potential opportunities
Apple retail is retail! Having said that as a PT employee the company is quite flexible and accommodating. The best retail job I have done.
Good working environment, fair pay, extensive training process etc.
Don't fire and still hire.
Great Team Fantastic benefits for a part time position RSU's Sick time
Decent part-time benefits. Co workers generally like each other. Good opportunity for advancement or travel if you are an ideal employee.
Benefits are bar non the best around. Plenty of opportunities to grow
Very cool environment, latest tech.
Benefits, pay, discounts, great culture
Dynamic work environment with changing technology solutions and some of the best people to work with. Great benefits ranging from healthcare to stock purchase plan.
Good benefits. Decent pay. Great coworkers
Amazing people to be around, really creatively contagious atmosphere
Excellent health insurance, generous 401k match, charity match, fitness promotions, decent vacation and sick time accrual, opportunities for career experiences and training
Vibrant fun culture staff is helpful
Great benefits, great perks, rewarding and enriching, social environment, able to share skillsets and passions, great team members and management, and great culture.
-Great pay and benefits relative to the work. -Managers will hear you out, they do not ignore complaints, but ultimately there is little they can do. -Discounts on products, including a significant one you get to use every 3 years.
Working at Apple retail has been a life-changing experience. The demand for excellence at Apple made every day a challenge — as well as an opportunity to grow. I was expecting the drive for excellence, but I was surprised to discover just how human and humane 'Apple DNA' is in regards to accepting mistakes and human frailties.  Apple doesn't expect any employee to be perfect, but rather they expect employees to recognize and acknowledge opportunities to improve, and to grow from those experiences. What they do expect of you as an employee is that you show up to work alert, aware, and engaged in your mission. It's definitely not a environment where you can expect to just 'phone it in' metaphorically speaking.  In my 10+ year career at various Apple Stores I had numerous opportunities to act as a Mentor, facilitating new employee training and onboarding. I would always tell my new employees this: You won't lose your job for making mistakes — not if you apply yourself to acknowledging the opportunity it presents, and grow from it. In fact, I witnessed countless instances that make me believe that Apple values our ability to grow from our mistakes far more than they value our infallibility. I think most of those in leadership positions at Apple believe that if you never make any mistakes then you're probably not trying hard enough.  Yes, you do have to consistently be at the top of your game to have a successful career at Apple, but if you show up everyday ready to do the best work of your life, it's hard not to find yourself genuinely appreciated and rewarded through your efforts.
Fun atmosphere, great benefits, great culture
Good pay and benefits Great opportunities for lateral movement Flat org
Most colleagues are nice and professional. There are some that play more politics then do actual work.
Leadership, teammates, culture, products, global presence
Coaching and development of hourly employees is great they give you training to do this well. Earn vacation sick and even free pto days throughout the year.
- Work from home in your pajamas - Flexible hours - Great pay for a college student - Full-time benefits (medical, dental, and vision insurance plus more)
I loved the great pay and employee benefits as well as a flexible schedule. Getting to work with the latest technology didn’t hurt either
Culture, People, Freedom, Trust, Great Technology
Apple does know how to hire great people. I have made some great relationships.
It’s a nice campus, you will spend more than you make if you use the campus facilities. Good location Decent benefits
Great benefits, smart colleagues, excellent office space, decent perks and discounts
Great team mentality. Great company to work for.
• Discount on most Apple products • Stock program • Education Benefits • Healthcare options
- You get to work on best in class products and with some of the smartest people in the industry. - Good health benefits - Employee discount on Apple products
Seamless products, containing cutting edge technology.
Amazing place to learn and try new things! You’re surrounded by the smartest people in the world with a real drive to make the best products possible.
cool campus long breaks onsite gym which is great
Discounts are the best thing ever.
Great place to work at
Great people. Great Benefits. Loved it
Company shares admirable values such as diversity, inclusivity, truly cares about their employees. Great benefits, particularly if you work in San Francisco. Depending on the store, management is generally very accommodating to student schedules.
Great health, dental and vision benefits, fitness reimbursement, stock options, 401k matching, peers, enriching customers lives,
Good comp, good problems, work on the best.
Working for Apple Retail is a life changing experience. You will be surrounded by a great team and will have a great time interacting with most of the customers.
Work from home, no gas, no lunch, no clothes to buy.
Above average pay and perks. Decent personal discount on Apple devices
Positive and energetic environment that allows for a fun workplace.
Stock Options, Paid Transportstion, 401k, Health Care
Good people to work and good benefits.
Great benefits amazing company to work for
Passionate, talented, and unique peers.
Good insurance policy, average working conditions.
Apple hires the absolute best people possible as retail employees, benefits were nice, schedule flexibility was great, opportunity to get costly technical certifications for free
Great products and many talented people to work with.
loved their products and their company
Great place to work. The Apple culture is supportive and the employees truly respect one another.
Good working environment and good food
Good Job benefits. Decent Salary. Ability to work with lots of very smart people.
Exciting things to work on
Probably the best retail job one can ever get. Even as a part timer, there are loads of benefits (401k, stock options, medical reimbursement, educational assistance, health/fitness reimbursements
Apple is a great company to work for. I love assisting customers with new devices and resolving problems with the device. It’s most convenient to schedule an appointment if you’re going in store. While in the store it can be very busy, especially during the holiday season and when Apple has released a new device.
Rsu refresh is good if you have a good performance. Have extra holiday during thanksgiving and Christmas holidays. Different groups have diff Beni fits.
Great company culture and awesome co workers
The work is highly challenging. There are ood opportunities to work on high-profile projects. Strong sense of accomplishment for most projects.
-Good benefits -Decent Salary and RSUs -Emphasis on good software process
Benefits and vacation bonus are amazing
best to work for and best people
Benefits for part-timers (15 hours per week) Discounts Fantastic Company Culture/Innovation
Decent pay, fun work environment.
Apple is a the top of the technology sector making significant achievements year over year
It’s one of the best companies I’ve worked for. They take care of you and have great benefits. They pay well and the work is tough.
you will have an opportunity to meet and work with some amazing people.
The benefits are ridiculously good. Amazing stock program, flexible scheduling, 401k and health benefits...
Flexibility in schedule, excellent coworkers, great atmosphere, great work culture overall, Excellent benefit options. 401k, health, life, sick pay, special shutdown pay, for full timers you get vacation pay and holiday pay, employee stock purchase plan, tuition reimbursement, access to apple referral network for attorneys and financial advisors, many other programs with discounts, nice product discounts
Had a great time working there. Co-workers were awesome.
Apple has good benefit plans.
Great benefits! If you are having a child, the process for time off is very convenient. Offers plenty of time off.
Talented team, good health care options for full and part timers for a retail job
Not many in Retail store. Discounts to Apple products is the best perk. Can definitely make some good friends among peers.
Family at work, everyone very nice
As a college advisor, your schedule will be flexible.
Good pay lots of benefits, it’s a pretty good environment . Hire a lot of good people. A lot is always changing.
Tons of talent, perks & benefits.
Apple prides it itself on diversity, inclusion, development and customer driven sales, all of which can make a great work environment. The perks and benefits of working here are great: discounts on products, great healthcare, good coworkers and interesting interactions with customers, etc.
It is work from home. All training, including your initial training, is done from home.  Part-time employees get some full-time employee benefits, including medical and life insurance. There is paid time off, and paid time off for family issues such as sick kids, death in the family, etc. These are all good things for your family, no doubt about it.  Most of the customers you’ll deal with are “normal” people who legitimately need help and will appreciate the time you spend with them resolving their issues.  The starting pay isn’t bad at all. You can get extra hours at times.  You’ll build good experience you can put on your resume.
Co-workers feel like family, everyone is very supportive Learning opportunities Benefits
Friendly team, never boring, fast paced, products
Excellent benefits, generous pay, amazing culture, a very customer-centric business model, and great products!
good energy, inclusive work environment, creative individuals
Benefit package is fantastic, colleagues are helpful, honest, conpassionate and overall really awesome. Apple really tries to listen to their people and improve. They hold survey’s to know where areas of opportunies are
Very good company to work
Benefits are amazing. Employee discounts, insurance, vacation, stock options.
Great benefits, flexible hours, good managers and supportive work environment.
World's most valuable brand. Amazing products, continuous focus on innovation and a culture that is incredibly unique. People are highly valued and contributions are rewarded in many ways. Employees share a strong sense of pride in Apple's success.
Exceptional co-worker talent, brilliant minds
Meeting interesting people, being able to say you work for Apple
The people you work with will become life long friends, the training is so well thought out, and the benefits are incredible
There was a lot of independent responsibility you were able to to socialize as long as you worked.
The company has excellent benefits (health, dental, vision, 401k, employee discounts, etc.) and terrific cafeterias.
some benefits and work life balance
nice front row on products
The days go by very quickly due to the fast pace of the work environment.  Great company to work for!
Great benefits! Great people! Great company!
Decent pay and work from home options.
Great Company and environment that allows individuals become more technically savvy in a fast-paced technical day in age.
You can quickly learn a lot
Great pay, great benefits, great people
I really enjoyed their benefits for being a part-time retail employee. They also paid for parking in a place where every other business likely had to pay to work.
Diverse, supportive coworkers. Ability to move. Supportive managers. Good energy.
-Pays well -Several opportunities to promote or move around -Great benefits -Great people -Option to work 4 ten-hour work days -Good training -Cool parties -Employee discounts -Adjustable desk that moves up and down for standing -On-Campus Café -Campus shuttle -Security
Great benefits, and pays for part of tuition too. Pretty relaxed, consistent job for a student.
great starting pay and fun enviroment
Great consistent training on products and services, supportive management, great benefits even for part time employees. I learned a lot.
Good employee benefits. Fun environment
Opportunity to travel abroad.
Great Benefits, Product Zone and Family Room is self-sufficient
- Benefits  - Discounts  - Colleagues are really friendly with one another
Awesome environment and something new everyday !
Amazing Development for new comers.
Great benefits, nice team, fun to work for.
Great benefits Starting pay is good Good promotion opportunities
Great pay, benefits and discounts. Easy job and relaxed environment which helped employees to be themselves and thrive. Good locations and hours. Discounts were amazing from cell service to actual products, it was the best of any other retailer out there.
The benefits are what kept me for two years. Plus working with my friends was great as well, really made some great connections with some really great people.
The people who work here are awesome and welcoming. The culture of the company is very open minded. You get lots of perks
Very intelligent people who offer a lot to learn from Quick pace and industry leader Multiple gyms, health benefits
Got discount on buying Apple products and many other brands
Nothing that beats other companies.
Compensation, stock, benefits are excellent
Great place to work for, great benefits. Mangers are great and very supportive. I highly recommend working for the company
Lots of support for a good work/life balance. Great benefits. Not hard work at all. Given a raise within 6 mos.
All equipment provided to you, caring management that will work with you on any situation, great benefits for purchasing Apple products.
Well working at apple is like working in a spaceship, everything super detailed and advanced. We are
Great employees always willing to assist
Good pay, make your own schedule
pay is good amazing benefits and insurance
Diverse, incredible people to work with, really cool products and very helpful training
The Benefits are the best
Good to work with people in the company.
* Freedom to work on something with no targets / timelimits * % of offer to get apple products * better work-life balance. You can go at 10 AM and reach home by 4 PM, because your daily work is not forcible
Decent Benefits, Very Busy, Chance to help people with complex issues and problem solving, Awesome co-workers, Good pay for retail. Apple is a great place to work to launch yourself into almost any field. Every time a potential employer sees Apple on my resume, they think smart, savvy, qualified, and tested.
Really diverse and interesting group of folks. Great benefits, -employee discounts, medical, stock options, RSUs to entice you to stay longer.
The pay and benefits are beyond what any other retail job can pay you.
Genuinely great company and culture, good comp and bennies, generous equipment issue and refresh, RSUs and employee stock purchase plan, good employee discount for product. Excellent opportunities to move/advance internally.
Great teamwork structure along with a great product to sell. Management cares about you as a whole rather than just an employee.
Good Salary and able to work from home
High energy, learning environment, major company benefits.
Culture, Schedule, Team Members, Leadership, Pay
Benefits full/part-time Discount Education Student reimbursement Vacation full/part-time 3rd party discounts Family discounts Working for Apple helps with future jobs
Worked with some of the best coworkers, and gained so much experience and personal development.
Pay, benefits, great people to work with
location, discount, software and training
Fast paced working environment. Good managerial training. Good people and good benefits.
good pay, (that's it) good work environment for employees
Great team environment. Great Benefits even for part time employees. Great employee development
Working at Apple was truly amazing. From the moment I started the process, I can tell they really cared about my training and development. Great people to work with, great superiors
I'v been working with Apple Products for over 25 years 22 with Di-No Computers in Pasadena ca
The people, management makes you feel like YOU matter, feel empowered and supported in every step of the way!
My team was great to work with. No complaints about that.
A place to belong for those that are focused on innovation, inclusion, and leaving the world better than they found it. The amount of social justice issues the company CEO Tim Cook takes head-on continue to inspire me today. My years at Apple will always contain some of my fondest memories and strongest relationships.
Motivated and skillful employees and teams
Even over years the changes to customer focus and product line always keep the job fresh and feeling worthwhile.
Fun Job, Active, Interesting. The atmosphere is always upbeat and the people are great.
It's by far the most profitable retail store in the country, it sells in-demand products, and its employees are among the most friendly and approachable there are.  Cool place to work and meet new people with different hobbies and interests. Apple did a good job creating the atmosphere and environment that they wanted in the store. The setting is fairly casual and the job allows you to incorporate some of your own interests into your work.
Working for Apple is great! The people are friendly and supportive. Lots of training is provided. Career advancement is available for some.
They supply you with everything you need to work from home! Equipment, test devices, money toward phone and internet bill, great discounts, and training. All from home.
They will pay for your school
Amazing company and people and culture.
- work with great people who have become lifelong friends (at least for me) - TONS OF benefits: 401k matching, stocks and RSUs, healthcare, fitness reimbursement, $$ for public transit, discounts... just to name a few. The list goes on and on. - diverse environment
Great training and career development
Diverse employees and customers, quality products
The pay was 12.25 an hour for part time. I had part time benefits and discount on apple products!
Manager Discriminated and that happens especially after the election
Great culture and people, wide range of high-class benefits, access to the cutting edge of consumer technology. 401k, stock purchase plans, and healthcare available to full time and part time employees.
Great Adult benefits, Great people, A place to meet dope people work in a fun environment and grow
Great Culture On Site Cafeteria is super good Good Benefits
Benefits Pay Relaxed work environment Great management Great pay
constantly changing responsibilities give you a refreshing landscape to be an expert
Close work environment, flexibility, freedom to initiate projects
Great culture! The management is great, products are fun, and you learn so many life skills. There aren’t many companies like Apple out there.
good pay if you're young. Clean environment.
Great company, innovative, powerful, successful
Smart and focused co-workers High visibility for all projects Wellness center RSUs
good place to work for life
hours, people, technology, busy paced
Great team, vision, products. And perks :)
Get to work with great products at the biggest company in the world. Great brand value. Lot of perks
Fascinating problems to solve, intelligent and professional peers, the best technical resources available. Everyone here is willing to listen and learn, even from the newest member of the team, if they have thoughts to offer.
Great benefits and people to be around
Decent pay, flexible hours, great benefits and perks.
Everyone is so kind and willing to help! The customers are not that bad compared to other places and the benefits are amazing!
Great culture and excellent pay with benefits for part time
Great team of people to work with it and learn from. They give you the opportunity for growth as well as no micro management
Great company culture and focus on customer service. Some of the best benefits in the retail industry. Fantastic discount program for employees as well as friends & family.
Work impact is huge, hundreds of millions of users are affected by what you do.
Awesome Company great benefits, and work life balance.
Great 401k Benefits Stock Options Health Care (vision, dental, life insurance, health insurance) Product Discounts Semi-Flexible Schedule Monthly Public Transportation Credit
Great company. Great benefits. Great people.
Great discounts, Great friends, friendly atmosphere. I would not change it for anything
Apple is hands down the best company to work for. The training and resources available were impeccable. The opportunity for growth was substantial and managers would even work with you to help you create both professional and personal growth. The culture is great, even though it's one of the largest companies in the world, you felt like you were a part of a family. And everybody that I worked with or came in contact with were nothing short of amazing people. I wished that I still worked there, and if my unforeseen circumstances didn't arise I would have definitely never left.
Good people and chef help you out alot weekend off and holidays
In past jobs you may have one or two people that really stood out and are great friends. That is everybody at Apple, at least where I worked. Great environment, great resources. Tuition reimbursement, stock option, and other benefits are things you will definitely fine at Apple, even for part time employees.
Great quality work - depends on what team you are in.
Apple is the most successful company in the world. An Apple Store job is the best way to get involved with the company and possibly make more out of it, if that's your motivation. You are working with the best products in the world, and also some really incredible people. If you want to learn and improve yourself, there is no shortage of opportunities.   We often forget how much of a difference Apple is actually making.
Great service and will use in the future . Will recommend the service to friends as the app was recommended to me by a friend.
Great benefits, pays very well
-Flexible Hours -Extensive training that prepares you for providing exceptional service -great community of co-workers and advisors -full-time corporate benefits
I have no complaints about my position. Be prepared for hard work and changes by the minute.
I love doing MDM especially at apple.
-Great benefits like full healthcare, tuition reimbursement, fitness reimbursement, 401K match, ESPP, etc. -Amazing team and work environment. -Working at Apple will help you develop skills that you may not be able to achieve at any other job. -Leadership team really cares about your growth and development. -Apple as a whole company cares about their people.
- Smart co-workers - Always something new. - Benefits rock - It's Apple. Smart, savvy, passionate people that care about their products. - Stock grants
Great environment The managers really want you to succeed and develop as a person
You learn a lot, great people to work with, lots of opportunity, and corporate experience
Convenient Easy At home Employee Discount No travel time
-The pay is incredible. I work in New York City and I make $18.50 an hour before taxes. The amazing pay is actually also a con, because it's the way they trap you into not looking for other jobs (there are not that many part-time jobs that pay this much). -Related: the benefits are amazing. Great health, dental, and visual insurance. They pay for a portion of your tuition, if you are a student. They pay part of your phone bill - I have the T-Mobile Individual Unlimited plan, which is usually $75/month, and with Apple it's $25/month! They even pay $100 a month for your friggin' transportation!! -On purpose, they hire people who are either interesting or smart or funny or friendly or have good personalities. As a result, an unusually high percentage of your co-workers (as related to most customer service jobs) are people you will want to know and be friends with. This makes the soul-sucking, ultra-capitalistic work environment vaguely more tolerable and enjoyable.
Company culture, pay benefits are above industry standards.
-work from home -they pay for your internet -works around school schedule
I’m my own boss I help the people and I create impact in the world. Yeah it’s ok so that’s cool
An amazing forward thinking company. Superior benefits and training. It was amazing working for a company that literally changed our culture with their products.
They pay Srs OT. Great stock options. Nice Discount program. Insurance is pretty good. But getting worse year to year.
Benefits everywhere, from plenty of paid time off to amazing discounts from products.
Good pay for the work
Apple is hard to talk down on. The culture is amazing and the amazing leaders make it that way.  For a retail job it is hard to get any better than this.
Great culture! The pay is great as well.
The fellow employees are great.
Great pay with great benefits
leading technology and generous year-end paid shutdown
Benefits are pretty decent- part timers get tuition reimbursement, gym credit, and health insurance. full timers get decent vacation accrual, adoption aid, 16 week maternity leave.
Great healthcare & employee perks
Awesome work culture and being surrounded by smart people
Great company, builds leadership skills
benefits, work environment, co-workers, salary
Everything is just peachy bruh
Fun designing cutting edge phone products.
Extensive team work building skill that generate positive work relationships. On the job problem solving skills development. On the job insight of user interactions with products. Reinforced and encouraged development of communication skills with team members and customers Endless resources and experiences for professional and personal development that can be used both internally and externally.
Company culture is great. Managers and staff are wonderful.
Good benefits, fun environment, great coworkers, job security, training is amazing, looks good on resume when you go to get a better job. Pays good for a retail job.
over all great experience. great place to work.
good college job, fast paced environment, awesome management
Fun atmosphere and really awesome people.
Some of the best coworkers you could ever ask for.
Flexible Schedule Great Benefits Package Good pay for retail
good company apple has a nice store
Supportive environment, and great food.
Great people great service great products couldnt get any better i will always use apple products as long as there out
- Great culture - Full of highly skilled individuals - Excellent Compensation and Benefits
Great culture, decent benefits package
Working on great products Compensation is above average
ive been in the service industry for 13 years, never once have i had a normal schedule. saturdays were always a must. now i get a weekend? how freaking cool. yes its a hard job, but it is worth it.
The benefits are truly great!
Work from home, sends mac to you, good pay, good hours
Huge impact working on a widely used customer facing backend. Cross-functional teams mean you get to work with iOS and front-end people while working on backend. Generous holiday policy. Support for pivoting to another roles at Apple by HR and manager.
Benefits. Work/Life Balance. Workplace technology. Levels of separation between C-level and entry level employees - I consider this a pro, however, it can impact your opportunities for upward mobility.
- Able to work with a lot of smart engineers - Very detail oriented culture - Will get promoted quickly if you are really good
Apple was a great well rounded company to work for.
They pay well but its pretty fake.
nice people, nice environment, great benefit.
money is good to begin with
Always learning and Always growing. It’s the kind of work space where the sky is the limit. You can always grow into new and existing roles.
AMAZING benefits, Great pay for retail positions
Great work environment, nice new establishment.
Great benefits and work from home
high salary good environment good boss
Love the environment. It is a good workplace.
Apple is a great spring board into the IT and Project management industry. Teaches great corporate values, and teaches you how to work in an ever changing environment.
People are very smart, and tend to be very helpful and receptive towards interns. Everyone seems to be driven and excited.
Great benefits such and stock options and reduced price on items and skills that can be used in other fields of work, awesome environment, lovely people all around
Good work life balance. Great benefits
Great company, Good benefits, Good environment
Best environment to be in
Best way to start off career
Unreal amount of benefits. Working amongst some of the smartest workers in the industry. Paid competitively for the work you're doing.
Absolutely incredible company to work for. Stay and hungry, stay foolish... You can choose to treat it like a retail job, or if you express interest in other roles, there is almost limitless potential for experiences and challenges to grow you. I am a different person today, and I can say it is because of my time at that company.  Competitive pay, tons of perks, incredible bar setting culture (depending on your store).
Benefits Discount plan Can work from home Company pays for internet to work from home The people you work with are awesome in most cases
Great company, people and benefits!
Flexible part time hours with understanding leadership to work around schedules.
Big voice or small voice, your voice is heard. Company culture breathes positivity to the group professionally and personally.
Great benefits Amazing coworkers Positive environment
The best company ever.
-Decent pay for retail -Lots of career experiences available -Technician training is a MUST for those who ever leave Apple (Very expensive training FREE to employees) -Always something to do -Plenty of training -Lots of competency training and mentorship -They really believe in their credo -This company is very textbook when it comes to the way businesses should operate.
Benefits are still better than my friends who have much higher paying jobs. They can't be beat. Apple is pretty good at hiring people that fit the culture.
It helps you grow in your field and it’s an opportunity to help people and teach them about new devices and updates.
Great products, some really bright people to work with.
-Perfect work/life balance. -Decent working hours (earliest was 7AM CST, latest was 10:30PM CST) -Great pay for an entry role.
If you love technology, problem solving, dealing with ambiguity and high paced environments, this is the place for you. I've also met the coolest and most genuine people here.
Get to work on industry leading technology, few jobs will involve technology which reaches as many people as the hardware and software Apple produces Reasonable pay, but good benefits (on-site doctor, good health plan, etc.) Challenging work environment with a high potential for personal development
Access to this excellent company, amazing perks, possibility to grow and switch to different departments, like finance, operations, apple care. Important team at Apple, helping solve payment issues.
Sense of accomplishment You are amongst tons of very smart people Many learning opportunities You need something to perform your job? You will most likely get it
Great pay and benefits, discounts
Great health benefits. Public transit reimbersment. Gym reimbersment. Respectful for your time off.
A perk to working at my team at is there is investment in tools/systems and headcount to make my job easier and more efficient.
Great company and culture. Good benefits and pay! Adequate amount of training for job role.
Creativity is encouraged. Phenomenal products and employee benefits. Sense of pride working for a company of its stature.
Great company to work for
Managers take the time to listen, company culture fosters positivity.
I got tuition reimbursement, gym reimbursement, better pricing on stocks, etc.
Lots of oppoortinities Work on innovative products
great health benefits, transportation benefits
It has a great atmosphere there
Discounts Pay Working from home benefits pay for your internet
Great co-workers, highly underestimated talent pool for you to connect with on a personal level at work, good benefits (yet you are discouraged from unionizing which I think may be borderline illegal?) progressive work environment in terms of race, sexuality, and lifestyle. Rewarding experiences and lots of skills to be utilized in the real world (Apple Retail is not the real world, as much as they say it is)...Tim Cook is also trying really hard to correct the company but Retail and Corporate hate one another.
Discounts, discounts, and more discounts
Very Loving people, great benefits
Lots of work, overtime a plus
Flexibility, fun environment, great management, great discounts, competitive pay.
Great benefits even for retail stores
Tuition reimbursement and other benefits, health plan, customer focus
Great environment with people who are passionate and want to be there.
Apple invests in the personal growth of its employees. Part time employees also receive full benefits as well.
Great company culture, compensation, benefits, vision, fun, personal development, room for advancement
Good environment and nice manager
Pay, Benefits, Perks, coworkers, training
Great benefits and great pay.
Great lots of fun and cool
Amazing environment, great employee benefits, great leadership, always room to grow and get promoted
Easily one of the best places to work for in retail.
Great benefits and decent pay for retail based job.
Flexibility to move from one team to another. Better pay than the area average
Good people, great benefits, Learned a lot about trouble shooting
Apple is a great company to work for
The benefits are great. Part time gets healthcare. Wage works and there’re discounts everywhere from food, to movies and third party products
Possibilities are endless depending on the department you are in. If I need something to do my job better all I have to do is get it, if I think I have a better idea on how to solve a problem, present it and run a POC.  This is by far the best company I have ever worked for and I have been in the industry nearly two decades. Sure, a lot is expected especially in engineering and we are payed well to perform at the level Apple expects.  If you want to sit in the rocking chair and collect a check Apple is not for you, if you want to innovate, be creative, be challenged and work with some of the top talent in the world, look no further.
Good pay, benefits, and employee perks. Get to work with talented people on amazing products. Good professional experience, and Apple looks good on resume.
Good jobs and environment
The possibilities are there if you are full time and stay positive. Lots of turnover and ambiguity during the time there.
Leadership (mostly) is appreciative of the work we do Flexibility to take vacation time, though the workload doesn't allow for it most of the time Challenging work that's always evolving Teams are happy to teach if you're eager to learn
Apple is a great place to start your career. It offers great platforms to learn.
Relaxed environment because it isn't like your average retail store
Positive team work, discounts, co-workers
Great people, Growth, Professionalism, Great culture
Training, progression, job selection all these things and more. Would tell everyone to apply. Had been and continues to be a great job,
Wonderful benefits, excellent management, a great place to work
Good products, fun atmosphere to work in
good training and good management
1.You have a lot of flexibility to solve problem. 2.Benefits are comprehensive and good. 3. Deal with important tasks.
great benefits, great teams to work with, amazing pride in what we do
Fun place to work. Great environment with a lot of creative people. Did not soley focus on sales numbers.
Loved my time here, awesome work culture, meaningful contribution
Get better job and better income
Recognition, excellent training, socialization. The training and dscipline are aming the best in the market place. This is a company that trains people to really become professional at what they do.
The people you work side by side with are exceptionally talented, intelligent and funny people, with, most importantly, extremely high emotional intelligence. The benefits are also exceptional.
Innovative products, learn how Engineering, Ops, Mktg, Cust Service works together to deliver a great brand experience
Tuition reimbursement up to $5000. $300 gym reimbursement. Above average hourly pay.
Awesome work environment, approachable managers, great coworkers. Creativity and diversity are valued here. As long as you're honest about what you don't know, people will work to help you so that you do.
great project, great team, great package
they treat you like family
amazing campus and co workers are always so willing to work with you and as a team
Benefits were excellent, and the company culture was great.
Great benefits, moral, discounts
not much really - low pay high expectations
great benefits, great people
Great IT jobs at Apple
I worked in Apple Retail for 7 years and I learned so many valuable skills that helped me excel in my career afterwards. This is a place where you work with fun products, work in a structured and accountable environment, and are given opportunities and experiences that can help you grow professionally.
Chose own hours, discounts and benefits
- Benefits - Training - Friendly people - Provided Equipment - Very encouraging managers/Team. - Organized company
benefits, community feeling, great place to network
- Benefits - Managers - Comfortable talking to people
Pay was great advancement opportunities abound if you're dedicated and good at your job. People were phenomenal.
You will meet people you want to be around for the rest of your life.
Stocks, uniforms, diversity, benefits, culture, values.
As other reviews say, the culture and energy are fantastic, even from a work-from-home perspective. They are great at making you feel included and part of a team while working remotely, great collaboration tools. Amazing benefits, extremely inclusive, lots of employee diversity, pretty much every employee you deal with is on point. Apple took great care of me and made me feel truly valued and appreciated. I would definitely work there again and highly recommend.
Great benefits like health, dental, vision, fitness reimbursement, transportation subsidies... not to mention discounts on multiple brands. Peers generally tend to be smart people with artistic attributes. Team oriented, yet mostly self-managed.
Great place for growth in corp
Great insurance and coverage Lots of perks and benefits
Offers Stock 3 per year
Wonderful corporate culture, fast paced environment, working with bright people. Good benefits even for part time even more for full.
Schedules., benefits, work from home,wonderful essp. Match Great peers and easy to get a lot of overtime that comes in handy during the holidays
Insurance and benefits are key, nice people, ok pay. Hour lunch, get to meet cool customers.
They care about employees and their schedules.
Company takes very good care of its employees. Medical benefits, great discounts, stock, etc. Above average pay and the job is extremely fun and fulfilling
Great benefits package and competitive pay.
The people make Apple special. Exposure to people development and business management a plus for young people starting out in their careers.
You are encouraged and allowed to be an individual although it has become a lot more strict since Angela took over Retail
Supportive work environment, transparent guideline, excellent training and development, health insurance for part-time employees.
Employee discount is a great part of the salary.
-Benefits are incredible, they continue to push the envelope among employers. -Culture -Structure -Sense of purpose
Discounts, great team, always a great working culture at apple.
I have so much pride in the incredible amount of hard work and detail that goes into each new product. After 10 years, I am still excited about our launches and this energy is contagious and keeps me coming back every day.
Amazing culture, people, and benefits.
Great pay, everyone is on task and good at their job, and there is more potential there than there is at any other retail job.
Good benefits, young, energetic and creative co-wrokers, adequate deals on Apple products
Working for Apple has allowed me to fulfill my career dreams for a company and cause that I believe in.
Amazing place to grow and learn life long skills!
Apple has great benefits including Insurance, Dental, Vision, 401k, Stock options, and discounts on Apple Products as well as affiliates products.
Stock options, great pay, amazing benefits. They treat their employees with respect. Apple also goes above and beyond to take care of employee specific needs.
Truly a family, from corporate down to retail it feels that everyone has the same goal and that the employee comes first no matter what. If you want to grow within the system then they are 1000% supportive.
decent pay challenging work get to rotate every three years
Good benefits. They help pay for school. Offer you free lunches every couple of months.
Great people to work with
salary and also gaining new tech skills
The best thing working at apple is everyone is on the same page and ready to work every single day.
You receive a LOT of personal development support as well as a myriad of discounts
Great company to work for as far as benefits and they're super picky about employees so everyone I've known here has been amazing. Retail is not commission based so there's no pressure to perform. Pay is well above my states minimum. Pretty good work life balance options if you want it.
-discounts on Apple products -decent hourly pay for retail
Discounts on products and the Health Benefits
nice and cool and fun
Lots of benefits, great experiences, wonderful people to work with
Excellent development hardware and lots of talented people to learn from.
Open relationship with managers and Market Leaders making it easy to be heard. They listen to your feedback to improve the workplace.
Better retail environment than most. Benefits and discounts are cool. Definitely work with some great people. Fast paced and get to play with cool toys.
Work with smart, driven and creative people everyday. Excellent pay and stock. Great place for someone who knows how to navigate a highly complex organization and constantly innovate ideas and think progressively.
Great culture, high pay, opportunities to grow skills
I've been at Apple over two years and it's an exceptional company. It's probably the best employer that I've had. Apart from health benefits there are perks and "swag." Like most companies, they offer a percentage off products for both employees and family members. Scheduling is usually done through shift bids, but they will still work with you according to your preference. Apple is always concerned about their employees from my perspective and always strive to be better. The opportunities for growth are endless. They have annual events focused around learning about other groups and the career path to get there.
Great culture and work environment. Love the people I work with. Amazing benefits and the stock purchase plan is great.
Great training and experience, challenging and motivating work environment, great culture, good compensation.
Shared value to build a better world
If the store has a decent culture your'e in luck.
The world is your oyster if you can justify what you are proposing and it makes sense to the program goals. Seems like unlimited resources to help solve the challenge at hand. Compensation is very competitive and it gets harder to leave the longer you stay due to the equity compensation stacking up each year.
I love working here. Meet lots of amazing long lasting relationships with co workers
Great benefits, awesome values, amazing coworkers
Great people. Focused on employee development. Excellent benefits. Flexible schedule for full- and part-time employees.
Good Company, the work place is nice.
Cool products, cool perks, learned a lot
Great brand on resume, and good food in the cafe
Innovative, Customer Focused, Performance, Driven
Awesome pay for Retail job Really smart folks Cutting edge technology
Great benefits and the benefits are really really good plus the option to purchase stock. Would also admit that learning the technology world is fun
Benefits are strong, and the people I work with are great. And the job itself is great. 5 locations in the area helps.
Great benefits, you work with a great group of people.
AMAZING BENEFITS AND DISCOUNTS
amazing place to work at
Fan of Apple? Cool, you might like this.
Great Environment to work in
Good Salary and good people. Genuine team work towards a common goal.
Great company. Flexible Schedules. Nice people.
The team I work with and support are very smart people and are easy to work with. Great benefits
Great benefits, great company to work for.
awesome to work great place
Benefits, positive environment, great training, amazing opportunities.
Great team, great perks, interesting work. Very friendly atmosphere and alot of fast paced engaging work.
Exciting to be around the hype.
-Benefits are amazing, people are skilled and talented. - Ability to build your own brand. - learn the true meaning of customer service - opportunities to move up within the company.
Great people, competive pay, fun atmosphere
The people you work with.
Medical benefits are the best around. Peer relationships are some of the best ever cultivated in a work place environment.
Great benefits. Great stock plan. You work with amazingly talented people who are all high energy and high performers. Easy to transfer to other locations.
Great benefits. Great health insurance
Almost everything if you want to be in your role for a long long time. Great people, great products, your at the top.
- Great with training new employees - Team of other advisor who support eachother - Strong tech development place with apple products -Benifits and discount products
Opportunity to move up, leadership, training, clarity of job, career exploration
great benefits, great culture, great place to work
The people that you meet working for this company are some of the best people I've ever met.  I have gained so much knowledge over the years working for this company, and it's knowledge you can take with you to any job.  Good pay, great benefits
An amazing place and awesome benefits
Selling excellent products. Competitive salary.
Great job! Apple is a good place to work
Great work place experience there
Great people to work with Great benefits and perks
Great place to work. its growing like crazy
Friendly really develop a family atmosphere with the team!!  Benefits of the job are out of this world worth it!! Great learning and challenging environment. Good stepping stone into technology and receiving training.
Energetic energetic novel products
Great place to work and very friendly people.
Pay was above average for retail. Good coworkers, okay management most of the time.
- Comparable Benefits, - Apple stocks doing reasonably well, so RSU value increases - Upto 10k matching for charity, - 401k funds available to select are good, - Apple brand on your resume, - Apple products at discount for self, family and friends.
Great company to work for as the benefits are amazing and they value their employees
Great benefits, great co-workers, pleasant physical surroundings
Communication with upper management is great
Great products, smart people, a sense of mission.
Lots of valuable career experience, highly social work environment, great team members, competitive compensation for required experience, as well as comprehensive benefits and special perks like discounts on cell service and lots of popular electronics. There is also a wonderful college tuition reimbursement program making it a perfect college job. Many people find it easy to transfer to work at another Apple Store location when moving.
Company's values, benefits, diversity. The culture among employees is generally good.
Flexible hours for students, some paid time off after holiday, fitness reimbursement, educational reimbursement, stock program, 401k, health insurance, year vesting stock courtesy of the company, culture
Great co-workers and managers Customers are very easy to work with Every employee matters when it comes to input on improving internal software/resources/workflow
Employee discounts were great. You also get discounts from other companies. Schedule flexibility and shift swaps. Special gifts during the holidays.
Great benefits and great people. Really tough to beat as far as retail goes.
Great products, benefits, and peers.
Discounts, pay, fun work environment, young people who are similar in personality
Great benefits! The benefits and stocks plans are amazing.
Great company. Amazing benefits.
Great place to work, good pay, great training.
Benefits Dental Discount Call out sick and get covered nothing
-Managers work with you for your schedule -Give you enough breaks -Awesome training platform -Teach you everything you need to know -Everything is provided to do your job -Give you shares of stock
Good company, good pay, good benefits
Everything is amazing here love
* wonderful management * time commitment was minimal outside of working hours
The people and pay and the discounts
Good employee benefits, fun environment, takes care of you
Great leadership and a lot of room for growth . Also the leading manufacture out there!! The best place on the planet!!
Fun working environment, magnificent co-workers.
Smart coworkers Compensation is among the best in the industry
>Leadership role, >shows growth to obtain it
Great documentation and tools for customer assistance. Great support staff.
Pay Benefits Very smart co-workers Work of cool stuff Have the latest greatest devices at your disposal You get to say “I work at Apple”
great environment, love my coworkers, fast paced but not stressful
Compensation is quite good, particularly RSUs.
There is nothing good about Kelly services at all
great company, great core values, great experience overall.
Salary, great benefits, lots of support Work from home Great maternity
Great company, but basically retail
Good pay, good people, flexible schedules, employee purchase program, not sales driven. It feels good not completely emptying the customers wallet
Good culture, good benefits, good company.
Good experience, great for students. Many different positions within the stores, you can always try some different roles. So far so good
Great benefits even as a part time employee. Nice stock! Nice 401k match! Tuition reimbursement! Nice discounts and perks. Always fed. Good for shaping you into a really good customer service rep.
Work from home is a pretty sweet gig, love the discounts, They give you everything you need including an iMac
Decent pay, great benefits, and you get to tell everyone you work for Apple
I truly love working with customers and repairing apple products
They believe in heavily training their new employees
incredible benefits, competitive pay, recognized for consistent results
Great teams, great benefits, company takes feedback and makes changes accordingly. Overall positive culture and great workplace. Helps to build competencies that will translate to other jobs.
Good money good co workers good company
People and help they provide. Benefits for part-time workers. Discounts.
Work From home, excellent company, great pay, great benefits, apple perks, company discounts with other companies.
Amazing company, benefits, and opportunities.
Many perks related to using and testing products. Apple values high quality and empowers you to live up to excellent standards they have for their products.
Awesome company to work for. They treat you like a human :) and caring
You will work with some incredible people
-Nice benefits -Good work and school balance
Work closely with seasoned team members
Good Culture there is plenty of moves for moving forward.
Community Extensive Training & Support Great Benefits Positive Working Environment Ability to Impact a Customers Experience in a Positive Way
good work environment for employees
Excellent work life balance and a tremendous company that truly does the right thing at all times for its employees, customers, and environment.
Lots to learn here. For the most part, a smart bunch of people. Interesting work.
They really care about their employees
Great people, great environment. Lots of support and ways to learn.
Best company to work for!
Great benefits, open minded company that generally cares about the work they do. Great company the reacts to the customer experience and most things are not black and white so employees can be very creative as to the way they can support there customers
Great pay, benefits, corporate discounts and tuition matching
As far as retail goes, fun and energetic company. Supportive management team. Hours of operation are good for Retail. Relaxed atmosphere.
Management was very kind and helpful I had a great benefit package Trained well on all tech needed to know
Awesome Company and awesome co workers
You are really taken care of as far as benefits and similar area. If you do your hardest, Apple will do everything it can to help you make the most of your life. Their culture has been one if not the best experience I have ever had at any job.  Yes, it is Retail and that is a hard part, but they really work with you and want to make sure you enjoy your time.  I really got to learn a lot and a lot of the skills they develop in you are life changing and applicable in life not just in your job.
Extremely smart people. Very people focused company. Incredible values that are truly believed in. Strong job security.
This job stresses customer focus and the ability to interact with and teach the public and peers the latest in technology
Great Job!, Good pay but hard work
Product and coworkers , great working environment , it feels like Familiy and you do become part of a family
You get stock options and a discount and a lot of Apple shirts. They give you world class training. You learn how to help 3-4 people at the same time with their iPhones all day long for 8 hours a day for 7-8 days in a row without a break. If you can do this job, you can do anything. Family room specialists, at least while I was there were the hardest working people in the Apple Store. They are expected to know as much as Geniuses but not paid the same. Lots of on-going training and an overall belief that what you're doing is supposed to matter. Apple rules and is innovative so that's cool.
Go to Work Dressed Casually Every Day, Alot of Part Time Benefits, Good Pay, Alot of Nice People
Great peers Good benefits package Respectable pay for retail Very generously covers commute
Love being the face of apple to new customers. Teamwork and organized chaos helps to foster a positive environment. Takes people time to adjust.
I really like technology and I feel like I work better with it. I like fixing stuff and I also like helping
Very diverse group of people you work with and lead
Smart people, hard-working managers, progressive environmental initiatives
Staff and company perks and discounts
California weather, salary, and benefits
The people. The benefits. The discounts. The culture.
travel, influence, coworkers, interesting products
Incredible benefits, health, dental, vision, stock options, 401k match, retirement, good pay for retail
amazing and intelligent co-workers. not too stressful.
decent pay. great coworkers. fast faced environment
should have a better management system
Stock, pay, after you have been here long enough and passed over for promotions, they let you have more flexible work hours particularly if you have dirt or have a case for employee mistreatment. Interesting subject matter is seen and touched, but not owned.
Great benefits, great discounts, and great coworkers
great environment , and people
Co-Workers, Diversity, Connectivity with the Company, Generous Break Schedules, Understanding with Call-Outs, Employee Purchase Program, 401K, Training
Apple hires amazing people in retail. Your coworkers become family.
Great benefits, opportunity to move to other roles. Collaborative.
Good benefits, meet new people, constantly learning new products, software and techniques. Employee focused workshop and many other incentives are available.
Awesome benefits (health care, 401k, stock options with dividends, paid vacation, discounts) Great place to meet new friends Not commission-based Part-time benefits
Driven smart people. You get to do the best work of your career here. It’s a bit of a cliché but true for many of us
Work atmosphere, benefits, health insurance
Very team oriented and very supportive
great place to work. iphone!
Great leadership team that cares about you
* Work life balance is pretty good. * Compensation good but not the best at least in the bay area. * You have Apple on your resume
Like its products, Apple is sleek and (on the surface) just seems to work. It provides a warm and receptive work environment and the employees there are actually committed to finding the right solution. Upper management is insistant on fostering a place that people can grow.
great culture and people - best company to work for
- Good work/life balance  - Great people to work with  - Highly believe in company's values  - Good benefits
Learning experiences are plentiful everyday.
Great benefits, Awesome people, room for growth and development Education on new technology and products
- AMAZING teams. worked in multiple stores and most employees are great and all get alone from the start. - good benefits (full time) - SOME good discounts - develop good friendships (yes this is the same as my first pro)
Apple is a wonderful place to work, full of interesting and smart people. It's challenging, but well paid and work balance is great. I worked in two orgs.
Opportunity to work up from Retail into Corporate. Top tier training and benefits to set you up for success.
Great, fun place to work and grow both professionally and personally
IT's always fun to know that you're helping push the human race forward. Fun to be a part of history in the making, every day.
Discounts. Health insurance even at PT. Stock options. Learn how to troubleshoot products for life. Not too much for someone looking for a career. Great for a HS grad with no other options, you'll be set at mediocre work with no accountability!
Well payed and benefits were good. Most people you work with are pretty nice.
Lots of potential to grow
Nothing stays the same, and change is what you learn to expect. Company is genuinely trying to make a difference in what they do.
Amazing team, company takes care of you, great cafe! If you are full time (not a temp), there is a doctor, pharmacy, acupuncturist, dentist and etc. on site for the campus.
Good hours, benefits, even greater people.
Growth Development Challenging Fun Engaging
Pretty good pay, easy job
Competitive salaries, positive work environment, abundant role and promotion opportunities.
Exciting opportunities Team player environment
great benefits provided to full time and part time employees.
Great company to work for, takes care of its employees and truly cares about your well-being.
Everyone is so amazing and the company is very big on treating the employees amazing.
Love the Team work
Amazing environment, technology at its finest
I believe that there are growth in this company, You also learn to also develop skill that will benefit you in the future.
Good money for Part-time, Good co-workers
Energetic, friendly staff. Somewhat fair pay. Flexible hours. Opportunities for growth if truly interested.
-Competitive salaries -Great Benefits -Really smart, intelligent coworkers and people who care about their jobs
Amazing culture, you feel like you're doing your life's work.
its a very good company
Apple knows how to treat their employees with respect and dignity. Working for Apple has been the best career move I have made. No matter where you join department wise you will immediately see a promising career track that is not only achievable but encouraged. The atmosphere and sense of partnership that comes along with the job also puts everyone on an equal level.
Great management team that cares about you
- Great health, stock, and endless other benefits. - Good starting pay compared to industry
Friendly environment Team minded atmosphere Amazing benefits Strong leadership
everything benefits managers pay etc ...
Benefits, network, brand, ESPP, product perks
- Amazing benefits from 401k to shopping discounts - Great environment with great people to work with - Never a boring day, always something new or changing
Great benefits and amazing people.
Perks (lots), dress code (none), great food on-site.
Work-at-home saves time and money in traffic and commute. Excellent benefits package including salary, stock options, full health benefits, etc.
environmnet is great to work in
Benefits are great, bus system to and from Bay Area is efficiency. Smart colleagues making good contacts for the future.
Strong company culture Common vision and alliance around priorities Good benefits Brand recognition
You get to work with a lot of talented and helpful people. You work in an environment that is always moving. You learn the importance of putting the customer first, to do whats best for them not whats easiest.
You'll never work with better people. There's a reason it's hard to get a job here and I encourage apple to keep it that way. Employees care about their job and more importantly, each other. Benefits are fantastic, minus no vacation for part timers, but you still get health benefits and stock grants! Lots of opportunities to grow and learn.
The pros are you get to work amongst some of the best and brightest and watch them suffer to take on the role of 4 people. Then you have people to relate to when you start to be unable to keep up at this insane pace, especially while you realize how it's affecting your health, and reach out to EaP and united health care for help. Because then your going to be in for a sad sad story
Lots of benefits - relaxed work enviroment, my job has flexible hours
great experience. nice training. good compensation
Somewhat Flexible hours, Diverse group of coworkers, happy-going atmosphere
Best place to work in apple
Each employee brings a different element and strength to the table. Apple is a great place to sharpen your "people skills"! All walks of life come through the door, and each interaction is something new.
Dynamic environment with supporting team members
A diverse collection of brilliant, truly wonderful people who really want to help you.
Great team, and diverse culture
Flexible schedule Good growth and work life balance Your peers are close and you become like family Lots of growth and promotion from within
Great company to work for. Great pay for younger kids.
Pay, Benefits, time off, friendly and great coworkers
You get to work with many brilliant colleagues. The company takes care of employees very well. Tim Cook is a great captain!
It is great to have such great talent around here. absolutely loved it.
Apple cares about their employees. Great perks. Discounts on products. You'll make a ton of friends if you want to.
great benefits, discounts on products, always encouraging learning
Great can do culture and very smart folks
Apple is a great community. You're networking with very intelligent and creative people. Their management is good, flexible, and very understanding.
Everybody that you work with is truly awesome.
- Good culture - No commission - Good benefits even for part-time retail
Great people Great self development options Culture and values of Apple
can pickup up extra shifts
Discounts are good. Stock plan is nice too.
Best place ever to work yes
Medical, Discounts, Challenging, Apple, Environment
The amazing products, culture, and training
- 15 minute breaks within 5 hr span - Access to accessories before it's released to general public - Ability to take part in self learning classes in order to help you on sales floor
Great discounts and plenty of benefits
Phenomenal People, Good Environment, and great pay
Great Company to work for and great benefits and care about their employees.
Great environment for personal and career growth. Excellent coworkers. Fair compensation. Benefits available for part time employees including healthcare and tuition reimbursement.
-Benefits -Opportunities for growth -Strong company culture -Talented and motivated colleagues -Trust in C-level leadership -Emphasis on human rights and environmental progress
Great discount on Apple products, recognized and respected brand, competitive pay, good working environment.
Benefits, Sick, Vacation Time, Easy Job
Worked at the Genius Bar and enjoyed helping people work out their problems. Usually the customers were appreciative of what you do and most of the time friendly. Co-workers were willing to share knowledge of products with you so it was a great learning experience. Hours were flexible.
Above average benefits, constant and relentless work practices feedback even if it doesn't lead to career improvement.
Great Pay and great benefits
Paid time off, schedule changes, great pay
Hands down most amazing company to work for
Great Benefits, and customers, and equipment!!!
Great benefits, work from home. Great training and perks.
great co-workers. Decent pay. Good full time benefits.
Work at home, reimbursement for phone/internet. Excellent medical and dental benefits. Excellent Medical Leave policy
You work for the most profitable company in the world. Discounts on Apple products are good. Benefits are decent.
The interactions are great. You can learn from everyone, coworkers and customers. Management will support your decisions to help people out. The team is usually very social and caring. Inventory is a breeze. You feel good after a day's work here.
- Work with some really talented people on interesting problems. - A well meaning company culture. - Thinking about the complete user experience.
Great people to work next to, busy day, you learn a lot, get to meet lots of people and connect. great benefits, health care is good, pay is ok, free trimet.
The benefits are great and the people you get to work with are incredible.
Typically great team members. Lots of love for those people. Great benefits for a retail job. Great pay for retail.
nice perks, and good big company to work for
Very diverse and open community.
I've been with the group for about 3 years now. Role exposes you to technical, project management and engineering aspects. Has high visibility Management has high expectations and understands your challenge. Given the option to move into other roles or grow in current role Continus improprement, they always back you up.
* Smartest and most passionate people you may ever work with. * Things sometimes magically get done when many of your peers care about what they do. * You will grow through exposure to cutting edge ideas and through adversity. * Under healthy leadership, your creativity can thrive and you can live up to your potential. * There is always a secret new hot thing some group in your division is working on.
Loved working for Apple - great culture, great people, good salary for retail. Leadership is often really strong, feedback is a gift!
Works with school schedule, 401k match, stock options
Benefits are great. Work on products that affect millions of users.
A huge emphasis on innovation and doing things the right way at the top of the company.
amazing people, staff, education, benefits, and did i say people???
Provide tools needed to be successful. Good managers.
Working for Apple allows me to make meaningful impacts on people’s lives. We enrich people every day with our products.
Great benefits and people that you work with
Witness and be part of a team working on best consumer hardware on the planet. Quality beyond all. Must-do experience.
Good benefits and works around a schedule
Great benefits, amazing team members. You meet amazing people, and can be challenged in fantastic ways. You can have access to great resources and really launch a career.
Really strong Apple culture, trust employee
Only four pros - some good customer interactions which can be fulfilling, good benefits (which is why I gave Compensations & Benefits a 2), starting pay higher than minimum wage for those who have no education or experience, and they pay for you to refer someone else to work at the store.
Great benefits, decent pay. Great products that you get to talk about and share with the public. I do like what the company stands for as a whole and how innovative they are.
Apple is a great place to be a designer. Talented colleagues, awesome products and the company appreciates the importance of design.
Decent Salary, Get to work from home
Great benefits. Competitive pay. Heavy emphasis on high ethical standards.
Probably the best pay and benefits package in the retail space, great atmosphere, competent coworkers
An extroverts dream. On board training for sales is thorough. Coworkers are helpful if you ever get stumped on an issue. Benefits are stellar if you're only paying for yourself.
Depending on your department, there can be a lot of pros. Flexible hours, no dress code, happy and excited team members, beer bashes, onsite gym and updated cafeteria, coffee bar, lots of other perks. Management is generally supportive, even if they are quite removed from your work and have little interest or knowledge about it.
World class training and colleagues.
Fantastic Benefits Great Staff You work for a company that sets you up for success. I never get in a hairy situation where I don't feel like Apple has my back.
Excellent benefits and insurance. Ample time off and sick time.
Really great place to work for the benefits and the compensation, depending on what area you work in. Great medical benefits offered also to part-time employees.
- innovative technology company - discounts - benefits - amazing coworkers - great training
The team works together to create a beautiful customer experience and the company does many charitable acts.
- family mentality - face to face experience with customers - every day is a new adventure - learn about and play with new technology every day
The benefits... there's nothing like it. Single, working mom of 3... full insurance makes other companies that pay higher wages seem like chicken feed. Employee discounts and employee support is out of this world. Upper management value everyone and see what they have to offer. Positive intent goes a long long way in work happiness.
Apple really knows how to pick its people, for the most part the people are phenomenal assets to the company.
Instant access to latest technical knowledge of Apple hardware
Access to huge discounts for Apple Products, Good health plan, stock plan, 401k, and vendor discounts. Tim Cook stands up to major political issues.
Great experiences. Pushes you out of your comfort zone. teaches you how to talk to customers, coworkers, and people.
Make a difference on outcome for customer
Looks good on resume, generous funding
Competent salary and good environment to work in
The people and culture are great. Especially wonderful when working with engineers who are passionate about their work and will take the time to teach you.
Apple does an excellent job taking care of its employees from the bottom up, often a very fun environment to work in.
Great benefits, fun place to work if you like the retail environment and want to be part of one of the biggest companies in the world.
Great team. Very smart and with a great energy.
I had great co-workers who shared the same vision
Good pay, nice benefits, great coworkers
- Not much honestly other than brand name. Horrible experience overall.
Great experience, very talented people
Full time Benefits, 401k, health insurance, deals on all Apple products. The opportunities you get from working with a very hands on company.
- Good salary - Great atmosphere - Flexible schedules - Learning resources available
Company provides great benefits for part time and full time employees.  Great learning environment and best retail job I've had.  Very organized management structure.
Great pay Apple Products provided (iMac, iPod) Employee Discount
fun people, work goes by fast, learn a lot, good job to learn but not to stay, FYI book is amazing, know how to work as a team and have each others back.
Flexible Hours, work from home, well compensated for holiday time
The professional culture that is cultivated is one that is unapologetically honest when giving feedback. The benefits are truly hard to compete with, and the drive for promotion within the company is always visible and present even to the basic Product Zone Specialists. Many managers excel at cultivating skills and competencies that will serve you well in other work places. There is a clear balance between business and passion, a good mix.
Generous compensation, caring and helpful coworkers, ability to work from home
The culture is strong. Pay is great and outstanding benefits. The vision of the company is very clear to follow.
Very Flexible Scheduling . Great Benefits , overall great atmosphere to work in .
good tech work, real products
Awesome culture and people to work with and benefits.
Great team and training but lacks upward mobility.
Great Pay and Benefits Super Employees and Managers Work At Home Chat Excellent Support PTO
Flexible hours are pretty convenient.
RSU / 401K match / Holidays /
Competitive salary, great benefits, fun company sponsored events, onsite cafes/coffee bars and beautiful campus.
-Good benefits -Good coworkers In general, the company treats you well and respects you as a person, which is rare for retail in my experience. They pay in NYC is OK too once you get past the entry-level positions.
Talented staff, best in class products.
people think that you work in a cool company
Benefits, fun environment. The employees around you become your family. I've never had a bond with coworkers like I did at Apple.
Great benefits, great pay, great perks and great people.
- Competitive salary package - Good benefits except the old calculation structure for vacations - Smart co-workers and some are nice people - Great products
All awesome people. The interview process is so complex that only people with awesome personalities get hired. Great products. Great environment.
Exciting work. Top notch coworkers. Always striving to achieve the impossible. Never ever boring. Benefits outweigh the negatives. Opportunity to be a part of something far greater than yourself.
good environment, clear vision, relaxed bosses
You will learn to become better at design and attention to detail. Lots of very smart coworkers. Excellent age diversity which brings very different perspectives. Senior leadership is very admirable. Caffe Macs probably serves the best salad in California.
- Great benefits - great place to start out - great work life balance - lots of upward mobility for those who develop coding skills
Fantastic place to work! Great experience
Great work environment and friendly coworkers.
Great coworkers, fun environment, lots of opportunities to expand your knowledge base on tech. If there was a ‘Repair Genius’ position, I would be in heaven all day.
Good visibility, cool products, equity compensation, great brand
Great job to start out as and helps you with your growth in the professional world
Very good pay and benefits. Apple really cares about everyone that works there. And the managers are great managers. Great place.
Great team to work with.
Great co-workers, support, and pay.
Great everything is fantastic at the Apple Store. Very friendly happy environment. Everyone here is willing to help and support one another. No complaints from my end. Apple definitely knows how to run a retail store and run it perfectly. The company Apple is for their customers employees and community.
Teaches you real life skills and focus on improving you as a person, not just an employee
All the tools, knowledge and training are flawless. I always feel I am being treated honestly and fairly. There are TONS of opportunities for lateral moves and for growth.
the pay is alright, but you get crunched like mad for deadlines. maybe just set reasonable deadlines to start with and avoid the crunch, what a novel idea
Great training and benefits for employees
Fast paced environment that makes the day go by fast. Get to learn many technical skills on the job on paid company training.
Great Benefits and Discounts on products
What I learned while working for Apple Retail goes beyond any typical job. After nearly three years, I gained training, mentoring and management experience it would have normally taken me much longer to gain somewhere else.
Free parking, lots of perks, giveaways, incentives for meeting metrics, great training, supportive management.
Great pay Amazing benefits Work from Home
• Room for growth • High support from peers and managers • Amazing learning environment • A great benefit to those who show interest • Feedback is encouraged • Great benefits, even if part-time • If at a retail level, flexible schedules
Good company with a good system with good products.
Benefits, discounts, decent pay, limited responsibility
Many job prospects around the world
I came to Apple not even being an apple user, and not in tech at all. I needed a change and just wanted a job to get by while I figured out what to do with my useless journalism degree.  I started as a Family Room Specialist. - Apple trained me in hardware and software troubleshooting for iOS devices - Pay was pretty O.K. at $16 an hour, considering most other retail/customer service won't pay you that at base starting  After some hard work- you can't just chill, it is very competitive - I was promoted to a Mac Genius. - They gave me insane amounts of training, sent me to Cupertino, and gave me a $10 an hour raise.  Main pros summary: - Apple gave me invaluable experiences in peer to peer communication and customer service - They gave me technical training that I never would have had the opportunity to get without them. - They sent me to Cupertino for three weeks, all expenses paid. I got the opportunity to be on Apple campus with engineers(inspiring) - AMAZING benefits. Health insurance. 401k matching. Stocks. Gym memberships. Discounts. You name it.  Because of Apple, I became passionate about coding. I am now working as an iOS Developer full time and absolutely in love with it. I can definitely say this would never have happened without Apple.
Flexible schedule Best rates you will get in retail Work has a purpose - you can tell Apple is a company that really cares about its' people Great benefits Growth is self-driven - if you want a promotion you can definitely work towards the goal in a short time
LOTS of perks for employees, even part-time employees. Fairly flexible scheduling if you give enough notice. Discounts are pretty awesome and compensation is more than fair.
Great benefits, great team environment and managers are great
Easily transferrable skills, good on resume
Great company to work for with excellent benefits.
The company is great with great benefits.
Decent benefits for part-timers. Camaraderie amongst employees. Lots of perks for a retail job.
Discount on products, Pay for School
The benefits at Apple for employees are amazing, for both full and part time. Anyone that understands the Apple culture know how amazing the people are.
Salary and health/retirement benefits. Professionalism. Innovation. Ability to work with great minds within and outside the company. Social responsibility and community outreach. Company's vision and goals.
benefits, resources, transportation and friendly co-workers...most the time.
Great working community of employees
Culture, and benefits are always a plus
Excellent Benefits, cool company to work for
Learning curve is steep and challenging but one learns a great deal of very important things that will benefit them throughout once career
Incredibly generous benefits package, fantastic co-workers who share a passion for learning and helping others.
Great perks, salary, free dinners.
Excellent benefits, great co-workers.
Learning something new everyday, compensation, and opportunity for growth.
Build and ship the best consumer electronic products
Great training, benefits, discounts
- open, honest environment -warm, approachable managers - discounts on cell plans - free iCloud backup space - they pay for your public transportation - lots of big company perks
Good people. Good benefits. For retail, it's decent pay.
Discounts on items you buy there and get to meet cool people over ther and cooperative if there ever an issue
It pays very well for a retail job, the work is straight forward, and you don't have to take your work home with you
A few things are still evolving in networking and so good opportunities and place to work here.
Overall benefits with the company were good .
Great benefits, exciting work culture, good company culture
Great Benefits. Competitive pay and retirement
Great team dynamics because there are so many employee to learn from
great benefits, flexible schedule. That is all.
Nice people, good benefits even for part time employees.
Great working environment for the employees. Amazing incentive package in addition to a great hourly pay rate. I highly recommend working here.
Loved the store environment and was able to learn from all the employees. When in a difficult customer situation everyone bans together and makes sure that we can give the customer the best options available.
Great pay and benefits. Very relaxed work environment since its in the comfort of your own home. Get to make your own hours which is nice.
Best staff,best experience,plenty of work and fun,you learn more from the best,you are always encourages,and benefitted,very experienced people,the salary is great
Apple's one of the most interesting companies in the world and they definitely compensate their employees more than generously.
culture, pay, benefits, location, co workers, product
Great training, benefits and teamwork
Good pay for retail. Great people to work with. You'll find that about 75% of the people you work with are highly intelligent, and the others are entertaining but not the brightest batch. Managers are usually a mix, but tend to be very engaged with you and care about your development and happiness. Customer conversations are usually great, but some people are real dumb, or are too thick to understand you're trying to help them, but I've met some truly amazing people, all of which starting as customers. Become proficient in all areas of the store...it will work to your advantage if you want to try out different roles. Advancement opportunities internally are there. but can be difficult and clouded path to attain. Better off changing roles and trying different parts of the store.
people who work at the apple store are great people, job is fun, customers are great
- I'm constantly learning - generous salary and benefits - lots of tech toys - all the responsibility you can handle
Flexible management. Awesome support from corporate. Got to see first hand what culture means when a company does it right.
Amazing benefits, very good pay and a great company to be apart of.
Engaging Teams, guest driven culture, and leadership
Best company to work for
Team, salary, benefits, leadership. Always learning and getting to work with the best of the best. For a tech company, we also have a very creative culture
Comp and Ben, really smart people, great products
Great health insurance and some other benifits
- Chance to work with smart employees and learn everyday new things - No politics at work, hardware management is very technical and strong leadership - Great pay and other benefits -
Fast paced environment. The people are great. You learn a lot.
Phenomenal team to work with. Was able to work with highly motivated individuals. Apple is a place where if you put in effort, you can advance to many different roles throughout the company. It is really up to you where you go.
Best management in retail. Genuinely care about their employees. Significant benefits: health, 401k, transportation comp, education reimbursement, etc etc.
Love the employees and the health benefits!
Good environment, wonderful people, learn a lot
Treated fairly, great benefits, happy culture
The culture is amazing, I love helping people and is really rewarding.
-Great PT benefits -Co-workers are some of the greatest people you will ever meet -Competitive pay -Management tries their best to listen to your concerns -Family-like vibe -A lot of team building opportunities
Great benefits Great pay Holiday pay Vacation accrual Great Perks (stock, discounts etc)
The people working at Apple are hands down the best part of the job. Apple hires smart, creative and kind people who are enthusiastic about their work and team.
offers a lot of learning and career opportunities
Easy job that pays well
Working from home, all the equipment needed to do the job is sent to you, benefits are good, I make more than most of the Alabama population and some nurses doing what I do, able to go to doctor appointments, functions, meetings, and handle business without a hassle. A big, big pro is the overtime money from November-January!
You're associated with some of the best hardware/software on the planet
Great company with stellar values.
Great culture and good work life balance
The people you work with are amazing and the work you do can be rewarding. The benefits are excellent a leadership is mostly good.
Great Benefits, Great Staff, Mutual Enthusiasm, Networking
The company treats you well with benefits, on-site facilities, perks and discounts. A vast majority of teams are working on something new and exciting. Tim Cook is making Apple a leading example of what a company should be to its customers (privacy), its country and environment (energy / climate).
Working for leading company is great for experience and future jobs
Good benefits, interesting coworkers, nice check out system, appreciates individuality, good training, prospects of advancements, nice and organized. I learned nice skills regarding to apple technology and software.
i like the work space and the people are dopw
Great Salary, people, and benefits,
Job security! The people you work with are some of the best you ever will work with. So much talent. So much talent that I've seen become victims to managers who dont want to help take that extra step in their development. Pay is good for a retail standpoint, but for being in the tech field and having to deal with data loss and customers who are entitled... i would say at least we could get a lil more.
Support, encouragement, open door policy with most managers, promote from within, you have some say in your schedule, everyone willingly assists when they can.
Very good company to work for. Very rewarding and challenging
Great company to work for and great benefits
Great environment to thrive and learn
Best of the best in terms of talent, constant challenge and growth, great comp and benefits, high exposure and visibility
Provided a good opportunity to support my family. I am thankful for that. The pay and benefits are above average.
Great Friendly Working Environment, Great Cafeteria
great benefits and pay for retail
comfortable hours, great if you love doing deeply functional work in a narrow focus
- Tuition Reimbursement - Flexible Schedule - Great Pay - Strong Focus on Teamwork - Great Benefits
Good company. Good environment. Good pay
Good growth opportunities as many new teams comping up.
Accountability, impact, motivation, interesting design challenges, as well as personal ones, fantastic team.
Fantastic team, good discounts and benefits.
Amazing culture that promotes each person's identity. Flexibility with work schedule and ability to work from home when necessary. Awesome benefit/compensation package and great incentive benefits such as Health/Wellness Center, Fitness Center, shuttle services, product discounts.
Health benefits, Tuition reimbursement, discounted stock options, discounts on products, fun atmosphere to work with really cool people
Great teammates great benefits best I've ever had working and somewhat good discounts for the products. Management actually cares for the employees.
Work on upcoming exciting products
Collaborate team, fast paced, learning something new
The atmosphere is great and the people who you work with can become life long friends.
Apple was a great company to work for. The benefits were awesome and I felt like a learned a lot. It's definitely a job for you if you like talking to people and like solving problems.
Apple is a terrific company to work for, as long as you know what you're getting into. There is a major focus owning your journey and development. Those that are self-motivated can objectively look at their skill set and focus in on particular behaviors that create success or opportunity. There is a self-sustaining culture of feedback that will test those behaviors - your team will provide feedback on your actions and their impact, and you will find yourself returning the favor quite often. The killer feature of this system is the assumption of positive intent, which allows us to have conversation about the negative impacts more openly.  There is also a lot of ambiguity, which contributes greatly to our success. While there are rules and policies, we use them as a guide to make the best decision in the moment. Those that are used to rules and black and white may struggle to make a critical decision in the moment.  Over the time I've spent there, we have been offered more and more career experience opportunities. It allows our team members to try a task outside of their current role, and many have been offered permanent placement afterwards.
Great atmosphere, co-workers, perks and benefits. You can come into work and be yourself.
Meeting customers that are potential clients/hires. Air conditioning.
- High Energy Environment - Tuition Reimbursement
Awesome employees. Awesome facilities in Austin (brand new campus). Awesome pay and benefits. Awesome technology of course. If you are happy to be a worker bee, or are motivated to try and move up, Apple can make it happen. You really feel apart of something bigger than yourself, and of course as it is Apple - something world renowned and cool. They have put a lot of thought and energy into keeping employees feeling valued as individuals, and the devent pay, benefits, facilities, HR support etc. support that. This was is best place I have ever worked in my 17 year career. Oh, and Café Macs (cafeteria) is the best in the world for staff meals. No joke, google it!!!
The company has amazing benefits, decent pay for a retail position, and a good internal culture. Great products and great discounts.
It was a decent place to work
-Customers were great. -Great Tools to assist Customers -Benefits -Pay
Great Pay! No Commute! Great Benefits And it stops right there!
Pay is pretty good here
Apple is a fantastic place to work if you want to be in a fairly closed ecosystem that functions fairly well but also has its own inner turmoil.
They pay is only reason higher than average retail, benifet same as Best Buy but the discount is sad especially being riches company in word.
It has multiple chances. The people there are kind.
amazing environment, great benefits, and great pay.
Work from home, good support, great discounts, great health insurance
Most diverse environment I've ever worked in and Apple clearly strives for that. Good pay, with consistent raises. Uniform is literally a shirt--all else when it comes to appearance is fair game and encouraged. Product and program discounts. Freedom to work at your own pace on the sales floor. No major focus on individual sales quotas. Career advancement opportunities within retail and corporate structures are encouraged and available, though competitive. Good structure overall.
great team, company really cares about its employees.
great place to work and develop
Apple is one of the best companies I've ever worked for. They are human/people focused and foster and maintain some of the best company culture I've seen. The managers are (for the most part) good people who care about people, and the company as a whole, takes good care of the employees. As a part-time employee, I had full benefits and stock options. This is an IDEAL job for someone in college. It's a great way to start a 401k (and begin investing) and a great place to make friends.
Relaxed environment, practically impossible to get fired and surrounded by some of the best people and customers you could meet
Benefits Work From Home New Parent Leave Training Equipment provided
Stock options, healthcare, tuition reimbursement, matches employee donations, holiday pay, flexible with scheduling, product discounts. Good starting pay for any retail job. Great people - they have a rigorous hiring process and you will like your co-workers. Food in the break room during Christmas and Black Friday.
Good benefits and great diversity in coworkers
Management worked very well with my school schedule and did their best to support me to be the best employee I can be. Apple values customer's greatly and will always do what's best for the customer.
Freedom to be an individual  Great Benefits  Great Co-Workers  Fantastic Working Environment  Always Supported
Good retail pay, not commission based, friendly co-workers, does follow values.
- managers are there for you when needed - benefits are amazing - when going thru a tough time in life, there are assistance and leave opportunities - great atmosphere with values that are actually followed without much, if any, conflicting SOP. - you're treated like a person. Never was one for the "team is like family" thing, but my team actually makes me feel like family - a very detailed and understanding attendance policy
Amazing benefits for part-time employees Management seems to truly care about personal development Pretty good pay, ESPECIALLY for retail Paid meetings which are really more like fun get together with an hour long lecture thrown in. Plus dinner is provided! EDUCATION REIMBURSEMENT!!!!
Great benefits, work/life balance, perks.
Leadership, while often understaffed to support thoroughly, is excellent and continues to improve. The people you work with are brilliant and utilize talents outside of the store environment that will always impress. I've watched so many people excel at their job and do great things, building skills for life and next career choices. Benefits and compensation, despite what people say, are generous if used to their fullest. Most employees neglect the extras and focus only on the base salary.
Leadership, while often understaffed to support thoroughly, is excellent and continues to improve. The people you work with are brilliant and utilize talents outside of the store environment that will always impress. I've watched so many people excel at their job and do great things, building skills for life and next career choices. Benefits and compensation, despite what people say, are generous if used to their fullest. Most employees neglect the extras and focus only on the base salary.
Atmosphere, co workers, lifestyle, tech, customers, products, 401K, Health Benefits, School Tuition Reimbursement
Management is understanding Consistent communication from leaders Flexible work hours for students Good work/life balance
Great benefits and job security.
You work from home. Sick time that doesn't count against you if its for your kid. Benefits
Great benefits. Excellent employee discounts.
Working for Apple is only Pros. They are a very positive motivating company and I enjoyed working for Apple! Management is always encouraging and helping employees with their futures. Apple is a family.
Great work/life balance. Great people to work with who really care about providing positive experiences for both customer and employee
Apple has many great benefits such as insurance, 401k, stock options, tuition reimbursement, EAP, free flu shots and much more. Managers are awesome if you aren't stuck with a micromanager. Free Apple branded gifts are sent quarterly and the discounts are awesome
The people are so helpful and unique! The transition process from training to working on the floor is seamless. Love it there.
This company is awesome, everyone you speak with is very nice and great coworkers. The pay is decent and they do give raises about yearly. I was apart of the college group - tuition reimbursement is great! Stock plans are too
Benefits, fun work environment, growth
The best co workers, fun work environment
It was a great experience but I had to move onto different things
Easy to take of work
Opportunities to work on incredibly interesting and complex problems with highly creative people. Austin office offers new hires many opportunities for growth. Employees routinely have management support to look for growth opportunities and the Austin office offers a rotational program for employees who have been with the company over a year.
Good pay for the job, very kind staff
Loved the job security, benefits, technology and coworkers
Great job for a year or two max...the people you meet are great and the stock plan is awesome, even the company values are great. Customers in my store were usually very fun to work with, rare crazy mad people.
being able to be in own personal office
fairly decent pay, clean office,
Flexible, Intro to Tech
Great overal company if you are able to to embrace the culture.
Medical benefits are excellent in almost all cases
I have never been treated so well than I did at Apple. They are a wonderful company that understands that an employees happiness truly reflects the work they accomplish.
Great pay. Great benefits. Easy to move up in the company.
Amazing love it. You will love it when you get the hang of things
- Work from the comfort of home - Extensive training on products and services - Remote coaching and meetings. No travel needed - Day one benefits
Flexible hours. Team environment. Stocks. 401k & matching. RSU's. Discounts from Apple and many other companies. Sick/Vacation pay. Maternity & paternity leave. Adoption assistance. Affordable and diverse insurance options. Tuition reimbursement. Management. Opportunity for growth within retail and from retail > corporate.
Great Benefits Plenty of vacation time as the company has shutdown days in Thanksgiving week, and the week of Christmas and Newyears. If you work in AppleCare or retail you get a few days for Thanksgiving, but get paid time and a half for the week for Christmas instead of having off.
Job security, good pay and benefits, some of your co workers will be very bright while some others aren't.
Awesome coworkers, great benefits if you take initiative and look into it in your own.
Incredible benefits, even for part time workers. You can really max out your income by contributing up to 10% of your paycheck for discounted company stock. Overall, health insurance is above average for a large company.  You get to work for the most recognized and respected corporation in the world and some incredibly gifted individuals are your peers.  Decent compensation and a very generous discount package.  Great CEO and company values overall.
Very interesting, driven culture. Exciting to work on new products
Opportunity to work on groundbreaking products, for an ethical company. Pay is good. Resources are top notch and available. Work with smart people.
Benefits, pay, room to grow
Amazing culture that remains intact through significant growth.
The coworkers were great -- met some of the most creative and unique people working at Apple Retail. Good opportunities to move up -- but only within the store itself
Exceptional benefits for a retail job Opportunity to learn with exciting technology Overall decent mentorship Career builder but not within the company Inclusive environment, friendly co-workers.
You get to work with the best and the brightest across many different lines of work Company takes a genuine interest in your personal growth goals even its outside of the company Lots of support from management
If you make it into Apple, this company will foster your talents and skills in the friendliest and most supportive environment I have ever worked n. Managers and fellow employees alike are trained thoroughly in many aspects of Apple Retail Services and prepare you for a long-term career with the company. Even if you don't stay with the company beyond a few years (great for college/grad students), you will be over prepared for any other retail service position in the market.
Loved working here. They hire great coworkers, and the job is very fun. Always loved my managers for the most part.
wonderful, amazing, they gave me an iphone 8 and I broke it and the replaced it with iphone 9s!!! you gotta love these peeps
i could learn a lot staff
Worked with talented and committed people
Great company, Focuses on your own strengths to help growth. Company allows individuality.
Looks great on resume, lots of benefits, discounts, etc
fun work environment great team and you always stay in the front of all the tech and what not so keeps you updated
Great balance between Innovation and Execution. Apple strongly implements things from the concept stage down to the road if the idea gets accepted. You will not feel like this company just does some simple R&D Work like some other competitors do. Strivance for quality is extraordinary which is hard to find in any other place
Better pay and benefits than most retailers.
Great benefits and passionate people.
They treat you with extreme courtesy and respect. You are the face of the company rather than just a pawn in another corporate agenda. They value their people.
Good education benefits for students
Benefits are amazing. Flexible schedule. Coworkers are great. Career experience options are vast.
Great pay and fun customers
I love this company. The teams are great and I had great leadership in the time I have been with Apple. We have amazing medical, Dental and vision as well as a lot of other amazing benefits that I can't really go into.
- decent competitive pay and good benefits - connecting with customers is sometimes fun and rewarding - one of the easiest jobs to work for the pay - requires no experience in tech
The people you work with on a day to day basis are some of the most creative, kind, and talented people you'll have the pleasure of spending time with. The roles within the company offer an impressive amount of unique experiences that transfer beautifully into new career paths within or outside of the company.
Apple has a culture where it really cares about its people. There is constant training. You work with young, creative, talented individuals who can be individuals!
- Great hours - Great pay - Great benefits - Great team - Great company
Great people, ability to learn and grow, work/life balance and managers who care
-Great co-workers -Great benefits -Fast Paced Environment -Solid Pay
Personal Space Independent worker Insurance starts immediately
Apple has a culture where it really cares about its people. There is constant training. You work with young, creative, talented individuals who can be individuals!
There used to be a lot of positive things but now the only thing great thing are the benefits.
great pay, benefits, and training. overall a fun time
Great benefits. healthcare, transit, and 401k.
The company was a dope place and everyone was great
- fantastic compensation for retail (based on cost of living) - competent leadership - thorough training - TOP notch health insurance, 401K, and sick and vacation time accrual - opportunity for growth within retail & possibly corporate - motivated & skilled colleagues because of selective hiring process. If you're not good at growing rapidly and taking on new skills, they will know and will not hire you.
Nice environment, challenging, fun, free food!
Nice environment, challenging, fun, free food!
You get apple on the resume, does wonders when you use it as leverage for your next position. That's about it.
Great place to work with incredible environment
Great hours, great pay, room for advancement, no micromanaging, allowed to take intense situations with customers into your own hands
Very positive environment to work in!
you get to see how the business works , great for benefits ,
Remote position, solid pay and benefits. Decent work/life balance. Job security as long as you do the job.
Excellent benefits, team members that are willing to assist with issues and questions. Positive overall culture
The people who work there are the best!!!
Decent pay for retail. Great company when it comes to understanding work life balance and support of medical issues etc.
Encouraging and supportive management when it comes to development and advancement. A clear corporate structure and a mountain of resources to grow in and out of your role.
Working for Apple is great if you enjoy and appreciate the technology and have a passion for customer interaction. It is also a somewhat exclusive working environment and attracts a high caliber of coworker. Many Apple Retail employees get opportunities to be promoted internally as well as offers from other companies.
good to work here anyway
They hire really talented people that are great to work with. They offer benefits for part time employees.
You will meet truly incredible, kind people. Great benefits if you can get time off to use them.
High pay Automatic promotions without applying for the next tier of support excellent benefits
Good brand recognition among peers, generous move assistance, no vesting schedule for 401k contributions
Good for abroad workers if your are selected
great benefits, great learning, worldly, learn a lot, great phones, great accessories
Decent pay for requirements. Great Benefits
- Smart company, great values - feedback taken seriously - learn a lot!!
Everyone is intelligent and driven
Fun place to work!! Loved it!
Great Benefits with Great Pay.
Great benefits, decent growth when just starting out as a specialist, accommodating, and really the best company I've worked for as far as retail is concerned.
Loved my coworkers! Made some lifetime friends working here. Generally busy days so time would go by quickly.
Good salary, smart people to work with
Good environment and good pay for entry level. Company tries to accommodate its employees Great place to start if u wanna entree the tech world
Great people Great training Very creative environment
Amazing team/ training overall great company.
Great culture, amazing company, superb benefits,
They have a great pay with benefits
Benefits are amazing Coworkers are very smart and talented Work is fulfilling Spend a lot of time on development and goals
Money, benefits are decent, small discount on stocks. They make an effort with a wellness center to help reduce the very unhealthy people
Opportunity to be self starting and drive oriented individual
Looks amazing on your resume and you gain a great understanding of retail and technology. Good stories to write home about and for some reason people think you're superman
-Great pay and compensation. The customer generally are not that bad in the Mac realm
Fun work environment, good pay, genuine people, and so much more.
Great benefits, an extremely friendly environment, and very easy to move up if you simply do your part.
From all of the tech companies I've worked out, Apple has consistently strived for software quality above and beyond. Their QA teams are significantly larger than most companies/brands I've had the experience working for. Great experience to witness the gold standard in QA processes and tools, including utilizing Radar, Apple's proprietary bug tracking tool. Industry leading ESOP (employee stock option package). Senior management is a bit too driven to lead vs order/command.
Incredible benefits (tuition and fitness reimbursement, will assist with student loans, maternity/paternity leave, the best health insurance), coworkers are educated and friendly, management is understanding and supportive, and Apple in general listens to your concerns.
Lots of interesting R&D always going on, but most of time you'll learn about it alongside the general public.  Plenty of smart coworkers, and lots of long term employees.
Best benefits that any company I have worked for has ever offered! Opportunity for growth if you can persevere.
Great people, amazing products, good benefits
amazing people to work with.
Great co-workers. Many opportunities to learn new skills. Decent discounts. Fast paced and challenging.
- Competitive pay for a "non-sales" job (they still measure you by sales for review/movement purposes but you can coast by as a regular specialist. - Great benefits, my eye doctor told me never to leave.
Opportunity to work on high impact and interesting problems. Work with smart and driven people. Great technical and professional learning opportunities. Data driven decision making. Ample R&D resources.
I love working for this company
Great time to work with. Very forgiving and flexible with schedules. Really do focus on work life balance
The people are awesome, the managers are exceptional. Love personal offices! The compensation and benefits are very competitive. Happy to be there.
The culture is inclusive .
Great benefits, Company culture, Pay in training
Compensation is good, and it looks good on a resume.
The compensation is really good.
Excellent benefits, opportunity for personal and professional development, wonderful coworkers and a fun work environment.
Great people to work with, benefits are great
People can scoff all they like, but it's true, working for this company gives you the chance to actually help change somebody's life.  Above average pay  Good benefits  Discounts  Awesome teammates
Not like other real environments
The people are bright, driven and passionate about Apple and Apple Products. The products are...I think beautiful is perhaps the best adjective. The opportunities to learn abound, and there is always an opportunity to improve upon status quo. The salad at Cafe Macs is the best salad in the world - yes, world.  (Explaining the title: my use of Apple Products began in the days of colorful iMacs and the Powerbook G4, during the rise of the iPod, and well prior to iPhone, iPad. At the time, there were many tremendous features, but there were certainly items that stood out as pain points. Then, month after month, year after year, the pain points were either removed or improved upon until the products were simply (far) superior to anything else I'd ever seen or used. This, in many ways echoes my experience at Apple. There were definitely aspects that were not perfect, but it was incredible to see an organization that is/was not exactly small, make surprisingly nimble strides to improve in the requisite areas. And, from what I understand, things continue to improve.)
Great culture and strong benefits
Never late for work and a really great company to work for. I found my career at Apple.
Great company. Amazing training and culture. Strong support system to assist you with growth with in your role. Team oriented and family friendly.
Working with other bright people and a real sense of team work
Cool products delivered at the right time Good food in the cafeteria
Decent pay, work from home.
- People - Groth Opportunity below leadership - developing skills for self development
- A lot of room for growth. If you work hard you will move up quickly. - A company that genuinely tries to make you happy. - Emphasize making a difference and focusing on the bigger picture.
amazing benefits, ok discounts, vacation time if you're full time, sick time and tuition reimbursement for part time and full time.
You Become very close with coworkers Good Benefits Pay is pretty good for retail
Nice people, very team focused
One of the nicest places a creative individual can work and be around like minded individuals
- Able to grow with the company - Informative on how to grow in the company - Very accepting of individuality
Amazing Job Lots of amazing benefits
Motivating and challenging environment encourages strong work ethic.
The PEOPLE. Man oh man did I work with some amazing people, as well as meeting some great customers. I love helping people and getting to know them, and I love Apple products, so it was only fitting that I worked here. The managers at the store that I was at were awesome, very flexible if something were to come up and hardly ever cared if I was late due to traffic, etc. They give you a necessary amount of breaks, all paid, and want you to take them. I've never worked for a company that wants you to do that, and such a big one at that. They keep you (fairly) updated on what's going on, both inside the company and out.
Flexible schedule, great managers, pays well
Fast paced. Good benefits. Great co-workers. Great products.
Solid benefits, at all levels of retail.
Great company to work for.
Great company to work for. Great job environment, great benefits, great people to work with.
culture, training, hours. can make a living if your sales are on top for full time genius.
Free access to some software and training to keep current with Apple products. Small discounts on the hardware and services (not phones)
Generous time off, understanding management
Great benefits including medical, dental, 401k and stock options.
- Challenging and engaging - Interesting and exhilarating - Dynamic work and colleagues
Benefits such as gym membership reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, 401k match and employee purchase benefits are great. Their health insurance is OK. Dental and eye plans are great.
Great benefits, good discounts, pay is better than other "retail" jobs
You will work with some of the most amazing people you've ever met. There will come a time when you see them more than your own family and friends
Great Pay, and great benefits
Looks good on a resumé Nice perks like employees discounts etc.
Friendly work environment where employees respect each other. Best retail pay. Great health benefits, 401K and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP).
Money is good. HW Technology is brilliant. Some super smart people still here. Moves fast. Super attentive to detail. Customer is treated as king.
Great for the ego in the short run
If you have a good group, working at Apple actually isn't bad
I love this company. From the benefits to the pay to most of the team..... it's a great place to work.
-Great leadership at my location -Like being a part of a big family - one of my favorite teams -Strong collaboration, feedback, and coaching throughout the team - rarely to never had a question I couldn't get answered in a few minutes
Good pay. Schedule options. You talk to people from all over the world. Great discounts on products!
For a giant corporation, Apple is a great place to work.
at home employment, discount on products, training, great people to work around, hardwork truly pays at this level in the company.
Apple takes good care of its employees. Great benefits including 401K with employer match, health care and stock options.
There's support for you with any topic no matter how miniscule or how massive it may be. The customers trust you with everything and believe you will help them choose the best product.
The culture of the company, as well as the numerous options to grow make Apple a tremendous opportunity.
Amazing people and company love them
Amazing people, phenomenal benefits. Many opportunities to learn and develop yourself.
You get to work on very cool products and learn a lot while doing it. If you work on the hardware side you work with very smart and motivated people. In fact, most HW engineers are among the best in their areas of expertise. As a hardware engineer you travel a lot (not a 'Pro' for me, but some people like traveling). They fly you business class if you cross an ocean, and you can stay in very nice hotels. If you need a tool for your job and you can justify it then the cost is not a concern, so you get to work with very cutting edge tools.
Good money, not that hard of a job.
great benefits, great for networking.
benefits (insurance, commuter pros, third party discounts), people
Stable job yearly bonuses and raises stock always does well
High-energy inspiring environment with driven intelligent individuals. Opportunities for problem solving abound. Easy to take initiative and see your impact.
You get to work on very cool products and learn a lot while doing it. If you work on the hardware side you work with very smart and motivated people. In fact, most HW engineers are among the best in their areas of expertise. As a hardware engineer you travel a lot (not a 'Pro' for me, but some people like traveling). They fly you business class if you cross an ocean, and you can stay in very nice hotels. If you need a tool for your job and you can justify it then the cost is not a concern, so you get to work with very cutting edge tools.
work from home, extensive training, great benefits, flexible during school semester, amazing company to have on your resume
Flexible, willing to offer help
Benefits, coworkers, discounts, great perks around Holidays, management will truly work with you if you have health needs relevant to work.
Good pay and benefits
I love great Apple products.
Pay and benefits. Nice work culture.
Great company to work for!
Great support and advancement opportunity .. terrific benefits .. hours are great .. save so much money working from home.
flexible schedule and coworkers are like family
Great work environment, cool culture, leaders are always supportive.
Great atmosphere, valuable connections, fast pace, great benifits, great discounts and overall a great place to work
Challenging, fast paced environment. For retail, it's much better paying than comparable jobs. Learn skills for life. Also it's a very stable job. Hard to get fired if you do work and lots of opportunities if you work hard.
A awesome company to work for. Once in life time opportunity for anyone.
great discounts and hourly pay
Great benefits. Best part-time job for college student. Pay will be higher than any other retail establishment, however it is retail.
Awesome training and awesome company. You'll love the culture. Tons of benefits and opportunities to advance.
Fun work environment. Very friendly people. Comfortable relaxed. No pressure for sales goals. Management is very relaxed and don't pressure you.
They are a great company to work for, very selective hiring process, only talented individuals get through, high company morale.
Some of the best benefits I've had, excellent understanding from managers, great team moral, paid for some of my education while working there
Fun & very busy. Great benefits
Coworkers are fun and come from variety of industries.
Great stepping stone for the company and a great way to build a starting resume for the IT field.
Exceptionally accommodating for different employee needs. Great job security. Able to grow and move up. Close connections with peers. Team support daily.
Great benefits and mostly good people.
Good salary because I'm working at there
The benefits were great and the discounts on Apple products was a nice bonus. I like Apple products so representing something you like is always a good feeling.
Smart team members, decent pay, great stock refresh
Great pay for starting out my career. Teaches a lot of skills. Flexible management. Teaches professional culture. My colleagues are some of the best people I've worked with in all of the jobs I've held thus far.
Medical Benefits Stock Purchase Plan Star Trek like campus and facilities - this is where the money goes.
Benefits, pay is pretty good. good people.
Great 401k investment options with 50% match up to 6% to start
Scheduling, PTO, benefits, etc, etc
-Great Benefits- Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance through UnitedHealthcare (awesome for full-time, not quite as good for part-time but most companies don't have health insurance options for part-time employees), discounts on products, 401K with matching, discounted stock, sick time (both full and part-time), vacation time (full-time only), many other benefits. -Growth Opportunities- within retail and also many experiences in corporate available -Flexible schedule- Very flexible for part-time, somewhat flexible for full-time
Affordable benefits, discount on Apple stock, 401K, and hourly rate.
Apple has the best consumer products and its always exciting to see the new products and be part of a company with success
Lot's of flexibility, you can set your own schedule and will not get overwhelmed.
Great place to be, huge potential for growth great benefits, incredible people that you get to work with. Amazing facilities, and HR that really cares. Good leadership.
Advancement in the work place. You're always learning something new everyday. The atmosphere is great. Salary is great you always have opportunity to increase salary
Good money, learning opportunities, constant, great people
Great company, the company is really dedicated to the well being of its people and customers
Willing to work around your schedule, good pay, great benefits, other employees are great people, rewarding, good pay raises if you work hard.
Great benefits. Work from home. Friendly managers.
Great Benefits, Decent Pay, Great Management, Great Environment
In the big R, you get the opportunity to move around and try different positions, and there are lots of stores in the world if you want to transfer.
Great company to work for
Amazing benefits, perks, and supportive leadership
It's Apple. Has great benefits.
Good pay, fun work environment. Great benefits and discounts as well. Only hire the best people for the job so nice people
The culture, experience, and people are great and endorse a great working environment to be a part of. To be around people so knowledgeable is great.
Colleagues are consistently smart and team oriented. Ability to work independently but as part of a well connected team was a big plus.
If you're looking for a gig with low pressure sales quotas, no aggressive commission structures, and a family-like environment - Apple is the place is for you. While there, they will make you feel very welcome and included. Your ideas will be listened to, and they'll make you feel valued. Plus the benefits are some of the best in the field.
Smart, honest, cool people. Company values. Interesting work. Classy yet casual working environment. Great for women, minority groups.
Product education, great work environment
The people are nice and intelligent.
Friendly environment, working with cross functioning teams, collaboration with peers, business networking events, flexible floor presence
Reasonable and proud, Good salary.
Decent Pay, but varies on where you live Good Benefits Good Managers Training (Used to be good) 401K Match Discounts on Apple products
- Exciting work culture - Great benefits - Beautiful store
They care about their people.
Worst company ever. So much favoritism and racism. In 2015-2016 Apple laid off a lot of people from Recruiting (over 200) both from CA and Austin campus. Some recruiters in CA even reported that they got 40% bonus..some didn't get any at all. Plus, they keep everything so private to the extent of suffocation and make it look like "we like surprises"
Great benefits and perks. Awesome discounts and training is great! the Pay is generally above average for the area
You'll learn a lot in a fast paced retail environment. Great benefits. Amazing and smart people who will challenge you.
Good company, benefits, not too stressful of a position, 401k match
Apple brings in the most energetic, passionate, creative, flexible group of talented people to work together. It's the best atmosphere to work with such fun and supportive team!
Very relaxed dress code & the tshirts we had to wear were so comfy. The pay was great, too!
Community Benefits. Environment. Teamwork. Growth opportunities. Stock options. Being able to help with new users in the field of technology. To leave a world a better place.
Apple values creativity and out of the box thinking.
Great exposure for such short tenure
Great people, great products. Retail challenges the status quo regularly and Apple business is reinventing the role of a sales team in a retail environment.
Great while in college, flexible hours, good managers, greatly ran company.
Best company ever i loved it so much
Learned a lot, every details specification. all talented people
nice uniform, sunny office, nice lunch
Lots of amazing people, and great benefits. Pay is beginning to trail behind what the company "values" its employees as and what the company is clearly able to afford.
Flexible schedule, full benefits, good pay for a college student
Great coworkers and good people in management
Great work culture and values.
Fantastic company to develop great products
Lots of amazing people, and great benefits. Pay is beginning to trail behind what the company "values" its employees as and what the company is clearly able to afford.
The people are great and devoted to success. The work is unlike anything else anywhere else in the world. There are opportunities for non-work events that are super rare.
Great experience and dedication to their people and mission. They really work with people who are already employed to facilitate training schedule. Great people.
Great Company to work for. Great Benefits, awesome leadership, good opportunity for upwards movement. Managers are very caring and work tirelessly to help you achieve your specific company goals.
Awesome team and friends that last forever. The experience you get is 2nd to none
The compensation package is fair.
Pay is very competitive, and benefits are unparalleled. Lots of opportunities for career experiences at corporate, room to grow rapidly inside store.
You work with a team who truly believes in the technology that is being serviced and sold. Everyone is always optimistic through the work day and highly supportive of each other.
Good pay Great benefits Tuition reimbursement They work with your school schedule if need be The ability to say no to customers
People made everything worth it. The product was amazing and exciting to tell customers about. Leadership and culture was invested in my growth and development.
Work with smart people. Work on interesting and meaningful projects.
Good compensation Stable Job Great for career development
good benefits, steady job.
CRAZY GOOD BENEFITS  Healthcare was great  Pay Scale was good. You could make anywhere between 30-40 a year. 50-60 if you want to die an Apple employee.  A good mix of laid back & fast paced (just dependent on when the store's high traffic is.
You get to work for Apple!
Great culture, pay, benefits, and Cafe and gym, plus discounts
They pay well, take care of their employees and go above and beyond. Yes they have many many employees but they treat us like humans that are worth something.
Flexible hours and great benefits.
This is the best developmental work experience y'all millennial's will have. I'd recommend working here to anyone, of any age, at any time in their life. This will be the best retail experience you ever know, and it'll get you ready for your next steps. Benefits galore, stock options, and an amazingly insane team.
Pay, benefits, health insurance, discounts, work from home, PTO.
The pay is great, but there's a reason for that...
There's always something new to learn, fast paced environment, and you meet a lot of cool people, good pay
benefits and great products
Great benefits, open minded leadership and constant recognition of job performance.
Benefits People Really strong culture when it comes to giving it your best People really like being there because they treat their employees really well.
The culture, benefits, people, and the sense of job security are upper crust. Fundamentally, Apple Retail's corporate management is a thing all onto itself populated by strict RETAIL thinking unrelated to Apple Corporate's 'Think Different' goals & objectives (although they are in denial about this fact). There is a TALL wall of separation between the two. Bottom line you probably can't get a better job in retail but make no mistake -- you are not working for the Apple you think about when you think about Apple.
Benefits and working with amazing people
Great work environment, fun energy, awesome coworkers
Best retailer to work for! The culture at Apple creates an enjoyable environment to assist people with Apple technology.
Great company, benefits & compensation for a customer service role, work in your PJ's from home, save on no commute
Great benefits. I've had some really great people skills instilled in me. I'm not naturally tech savvy so working at apple keeps me up to date.
life skills on how to deal with people and how to develop yourself. the people and tema you work with, you will never find another team like it. lots of interesting talents and skills that you can utilize outside of work. i.e.. most are creative people photographers, DJs, musicians, so you definitely get the benefits of working with and also having help from them.  there are so many pros, that is until you learn nd develop and realize that once you've learned everything you can. The cons list outweighs the reason to stay.
great work environment - new facilities
You can really do whatever you want...not too much structure
Fun group of people to work with.
friendly staff. very welcoming. good salary
•Great benefits (Medical, fitness reimbursement, 401k, etc.) •Fun team •Very hands on job
Easy work environment. Good pay
Great people. Always having fun, and projects are interesting. I love what I do.
Stock is a great way to incentivize people.
Great experience in the field
Incredible team, and lots of learning opportunities.
Culture, Benefits, Pay, Leadership
Great and friendly company with amazing staff and wonderful benefits.
Apple Discounts all around Lots of third party discounts Full benefits for part time work Adjust work schedule according to classes Awesome holiday/overtime pay
Benefits, fellow employees, job stability
Great benefits, good pay for retail
As a chat advisor, you get more freedom than a phone advisor. You can listen to music, not worry about background noise or your tone of voice when communicating with a customer, as all communication is done via Chat.
It is a great experience I have every had.
Great Company to work for and perks amazing
good vibe, talented people, good pay
Nice development. People are great. Amazing products. It overall makes you a better person. Company benefits are amazing for a part time position.
+Benefits +Pay Scale (OT and 5/10/15% increases depending on time of day you start) +School tuition reimbursement
Great company, good benefits and culture
Great Benefits and job security
Easy to move up, work is easy if applied correctly. There is always an open ear. But sometimes the open ear isn't welcomed.
Working with people who want to be there.
Challenging work, that rewards creative thinking. Making a legitimate difference in the lives of people, and the future of technological innovation, on a a daily and individual basis. Working with incredibly motivated and talented staff. Many of whom go on to become leaders in their field, when moving up in or departing from the company.
Working at home is great
Great manager and team members!
Nice development. People are great. Amazing products. It overall makes you a better person. Company benefits are amazing for a part time position.
+Benefits +Pay Scale (OT and 5/10/15% increases depending on time of day you start) +School tuition reimbursement
Laid back environment is nice
Paid Time Off, Good Range of Salary, Helpful Coworkers
Get to work from home, great community of people to work with.
They work well with students
The product discounts are pretty great
Good people and great culture.
There are still some smart people in engineering
All the beliefs in engaging others, and enriching their lives comes from a career here. I've become who I am with my 15 years working here. Enriches your own life by knowing the impact you've made to your team around you and those looking to get your help.
All the beliefs in engaging others, and enriching their lives comes from a career here. I've become who I am with my 15 years working here. Enriches your own life by knowing the impact you've made to your team around you and those looking to get your help.
Get to work with some of the smartest and most devoted people in the world in a great environment with good salary, perks and high morale.
A great work environment with lots of great energy. The managers are the right mix of professional and laid back. Being part of a world class technology company has so many perks.
Apple shares corporate benefits generously with its retail employees. I enjoyed great dental and health coverage as well as stock options. The workplace is safe, diverse, and LGBT friendly.
Good benefits for health and transportation
One of best companies in the world with lots of cash,
Stock, discounts, benefits, competitive pay
Great pay, a lot of room for growth, you can make a career out of it.
They want to develop you and give feedback to help you grow personally and professionally.
Great technology & working on cool new unreleased products.
- Really awesome work atmosphere, friendly and encouraging to learn as much as you possibly want. - Nice discounts on products - Good benefits
Rewarding to work at such an influential company and feel like your job is making a difference in the world.
Great and amazing group of people to work with! Incredible culture and support teams
Work is easy when you are surrounded by incredibly friendly and intelligent peers.
Working from home so can't really say much
Good pay, good people. good company.
Great pay plus shift differential for third shift. Excellent benefits! Ten free stocks a year! Work from home! Great environment
people, place, food, tech, industry
Has great benefits, the people are amazingly creative and supportive, and you get to be on the front end of new technology.
Workplace. benefits compensation are great Opportunities to learn new products and features
Fun environment. Great people. Good pay and benefits. Advancement opportunities, if you pursue them. You learn a lot about how to interact with people of all cultures. No commission, so selling actually feels legit.
work life balance, nice co-workers
Has great benefits, the people are amazingly creative and supportive, and you get to be on the front end of new technology.
Working from home Reasonable pay Great benefits Tuition reimbursement
Working with some of the best people on the planet. Amazing
exposure to new cocoa and iOS technologies on a daily basis
Highly reputable company, many opportunities, cool products. Great working environment.
Great Benefits, Discounts, Stock Options, 401k
Co-workers are the best part of the job. Competitive hourly wage. Employee discount is fair. Great experience to meet people and grow in your role.
Great teams to work with, really smart people and most people are truthfully devoted to the company's success. Projects are always exciting to work at and you can be proud of the work that shown around the world
Apple is a good company. The pay is decent. You get good benefits. They make sure you get your training.
Great culture, awesome and highly diverse and accomplished colleagues
Above average compensation. Apple prestige for excellent products. The company may pile in resources to make the deadline.
The biggest pro to working at Apple is the people who work there. There is a heavy focus on teamwork and camaraderie, and that made it a very pleasant work environment. There is a certain prestige that comes with working at Apple, and this is made clear in the swag, the secrecy surrounding launches, and the constant reminder that there are 100 people who would do anything to be where you are. Pay is great when you consider it as a retail part-time job, not so great for career-oriented goals. In general, there are many amazing managers who truly care about their employees, and many great opportunities that come with the job (depending on which area of the company you're in).
Flexible Schedule, great people, dynamic work environment
Good benefits Pay is good for a retail job Opportunities to advance within the store Great coworkers who really support you
passionate, supportive, creative, growing, intuitive
Innovative, great teamwork, high energy working environment
Decent pay with great benefits. The pay is above average and the benefits you receive such as healthcare, stock options, tuition/fitness reimbursement even as part-time are great.
- Good Benefits - Flexible on what you can wear
Decent pay with great benefits. The pay is above average and the benefits you receive such as healthcare, stock options, tuition/fitness reimbursement even as part-time are great.
- Good Benefits - Flexible on what you can wear
Best supply chain in the world. Too notch team.
Great benefits, great job for retail
- Facilities are awesome - Health benefits - Salaries and rsu are best in the bay area - Everything your work on is seen my millions of people - Casual clothing at work - Cafe Macs are good - Work from home is allowed, specially if you live far far away - Busses are comfy
Decent discounts, 401k match, ample vacation time
As a part-time employee, there are great benefits like medical and dental insurance, education reimbursement, employee discounts, etc.
Work from home Great Benefits Reasonable Compensation
good pay, great benefits, fun people
Technology is great and opportunity to learn.
Fun and exciting to place to work. Never gets boring. Amazing people.
Everything runs efficiently and with purpose.
great products, great benefits and great people who care about the company.
Great benefits and work from home.
Nice diverse work staff, thorough training, and I could work part-time during school. Relatively decent flexibility, except you have to work every weekend. If you want to take a weekend off expect to apply a couple months in advance and will probably be denied.
Decent Pay (for a college job), scheduling flexibility based on academics, discounts on Apple products/software
Fun and loving staff, Family company! Amazing benefits.
- Great company culture - Truly care about their employees - Benefits are awesome. I.e. stock options, 401k plan, medical insurance, educational reimbursement, educational reimbursements, and more - Apple was my second home
- Back to back calls (gets BORING REAL QUICK)
the benefits are pretty good
Great name and products Understand best in class operations Benefits are good Very smart colleagues Technically challenging products Working on products that touch everybody
-Decent Pay -First Level Management seems to care -No dress code!
Overall great work environment. Management is very encouraging and truly want for you to succeed as an individual whether thats with Apple or outside of Apple
working from home and benefits
Meet great coworkers and customers
Great company that cares about its employees and genuinely wants it's customers to have a good experience. There's also lots of room to grow and management will help you reach your career goals.
fantastic work-life balance. cared about employees individually. it is impossible to say enough good things about Apple. if you have the chance, take the offer. you will never regret it.
Good training I learned quite a bit
Fun Job Great Training Nice Beginning Pay Great Benefits
People are great, very focus
Great benefits, good corporate culture, moderate upward mobility
Great Benefits Plenty of training Discounts not just on apple products
Name recognition (it's Apple!) Unrivaled benefits Work from home Great management team
Management, Culture, Work-Life Balance, Training
Great people, great management, lot of upward mobility if you put in the work
Supportive learning environment, open to constructive feedback at any level, great people with a fantastic teamwork focus. The best thing about coming to work everyday is your amazing coworkers.
The non management staff is fun to be around
friendly staff good benefits fun work environment
Incredible smart, intelligent people who all exhibit a "can do" attitude. Most everyone will go out of their way to ensure you have the information necessary to succeed with your job.
Opportunity to gain knowledge of electronics
Top 10 companies, Most value brand, Best service support, professional growth
If you need challenge and reward for it, this is right company that you can try.
Great benefits, great teams, lots to learn. I've grown more here than virtually anywhere else. Lots of opportunities. I cannot understate how wonderful my experience with my store team has been.
Focused on customer experience and creating exceptional products. They celebrate diversity and work to create an inclusive environment.
Personal discount on items. great cafes (though not free), very good benefits,
Great Benefits, Discounts, Training Provided, Work from Home
It's Apple. Everything is really positive in relation to the job and benefits
Great benefits, great coworkers, multiple locations, lots of training and development
Have met many people that are life long friends Benefits (401K, Great low cost insurance, RSU, Discount Stock, Fitness Reimbursement, Commuter Benefits, Discounts) Corporate Career Experiences are awesome!
Part timers have access to health benefits, 401K, stock purchase Management prides itself in helping employees have a healthy work life balance You work with incredibly interesting people, the majority of which are genuinely kind A mediocre discount on products for yourself and friends/family Decent dependable hourly wage with no gimmicky bonuses or commissions Fantastic name to have on your resume
Part timers have access to health benefits, 401K, stock purchase Management prides itself in helping employees have a healthy work life balance You work with incredibly interesting people, the majority of which are genuinely kind A mediocre discount on products for yourself and friends/family Decent dependable hourly wage with no gimmicky bonuses or commissions Fantastic name to have on your resume
Great compensation and RSUs. Very talented co workers.
Great pay for a Retail Job. Lots a perks. Good Benefits. Stay on the cutting edge of Apple Tech. People are generally really smart cool people to work with.
Good benefits and base salary
I love the opportunity to learn, to create, to share with others. I enjoy connecting with others. I enjoy working with such intelligent people.
Forward thinking company. Treats people well.
Apple is a stellar company to work for.
Great product, community and culture
Leader and Customer Focused working well across teams in all areas. High EQ, and very Energetic
Decent pay Can move up Looks good on a resume
Generally good vibes around the company
People are smart, hard working and passionate about their work. Things move fast. You are equipped with great resources. You are promoted for your performances not politics. You never feel bored with your work. The standard is very high on product and the work you do.
Discounts, interactions and culture. I would do it again.
a lot of growth within the company diversity very relaxed environment creative environment
People Benefits Good schedule Allows for time with family and the ability to be away from work. Great training. Family atmosphere.
Great environment to learn and develop into a successful business employee
decent pay. nice people to work with
Great experience overall especially if in college
The pros would be that they pay well w benefits
Continue to grow and learn
Great benefits (i.e. health/dental/vision/401k/stock options), great training which leads to other careers.
Benefits are great, and people are also great
Diverse staff and shared mission. Lots of opportunity to geek out while truly helping customers. Many learning opportunities offered.
Flexibility, Good Medical benefit, 401K
Great environment to work in, love 401k, stock options, and full insurances available to all workers.
Benefits are great , they pay for my parking , pay for public transit and Uber pool, their morales are awesome
Flexible Hours, Discount on products, Great work atmosphere (Specific to Grand Central). Employee Stock Purchase Program, Health Care, Transit and educational Reibursement.
Apple is always great to have on the resume. And a great conversation starter. Also the benefits are top notch. I work from home, so this is definitely a pro (and sometimes a con) as well. Also if you like to buy Apple products the discounts that you get are pretty decent.
- The benefits are amazing for a retail job - The people you work with, you will never work with more fun and inspiring people - The pay for the actual work you do is amazing - There are fun side projects you get to do for the company
Apple name is a sure plus
strong brand, good culture.
Friendly co workers, good pay, benefits, 401K, ESPP, Company with good values, and best intent for everyone. Amazing management truly cares about employees.
Really great place to work
Meet coworkers that will be friends and family forever. Health benefits are great.
Benefits and discounts are fantastic, Some of the people are amazing to work with and se how their work ethic is, it makes you want to improve on yourself
good balance of stress and life
- Better than other retail jobs - Easy because the product is great
The opportunity to work with multiple departments.
Great company culture and benefits
Culture and values. Flexible hours. Management.
Good pay, Unique people, Exciting when it came to new products and how to use them, perks
Work enviroment,benfits, freedom and recognition
Has a cultural impact that is more than can be said for many companies of equal size
Love it here! It's awesome
Smooth training process, plenty of benefits, and diligent managers
Focus on building relationships instead of pushing products.
Sense of accomplishment every day.
Prestige of working for Apple. Nearly everyone you work with (T2 and above) is competent, some with Masters degrees. I often say, "we don't hire dummies". The pay and benefits are above average for the role (What would you expect to get paid working in a call center?). My managers (3) have been spectacular, but that is not the case for everyone. Meet a lot of people from all over the world and have interesting conversations.
Benefits, they offer health insurance for part time employees, however the deductible is 1500$. Fitness reimbursement, stock options, 401k.
Salary listings and reviews are pretty cool! I really like the fact that more companies are using the online posting program these days. There should be a way to set apart your application from others, if your experience is greater.
Great people and strong culture.
Better pay than most retail jobs Very good benefits, even for part timers Employee stock purchase plans Decent discounts Easy to move and get a job at another location You work with a lot of people who are intelligent and willing to help you if need it
Working in between smart people helps to learn new things
Even for their part-time employees, the health benefits are pretty stellar. They're open to all different styles of dress and it's okay to have stretched ears and tattoos. The starting pay for a sales specialist is much higher than most other retail jobs.
Great atmosphere and benefits. Pays well for retail.
Benefits, Opportunity, Experience, Culture, Networking
Atmosphere in general is great. The staff there is highly diverse, allowing you to constantly interact with literally hundreds of incredibly interesting people. Store management legitimately seemed to care about the employees, going so far as to put their own careers on the line to defend their own.
A work environment that allows you to embraces and allows you to express yourself freely. The ability to work and be a student with amazing benefits for part timers and full timers.
You will learn a lot if you apply yourself. Like anything else in life, you get out what you put in. Great benefits. Certification as a Mac Technician.
Working at home is great! Pay is okay, advancement is okay, management tends to be good. Schedule flexibility.
I genuinely enjoyed the company culture at Apple and I really enjoyed my co-workers and management team as well! (I'm sure it varies from store to store though). There are great perks, GREAT starting pay, and lots of opportunities for advancement and furthering your product knowledge!
Great work environment Awesome coworkers Good pay
Exposure to intimate knowledge of emerging technology, free certifications
Great benefits, good pay, job security
Great benefits, positive work environment and solid team.
There are a lot of great people who are really smart. Learn a lot and always new things on the horizon. Great benefits.
Great benefits, work-life balance and culture
Flexible job with benefits! Great company culture.
Decent pay, work from home, nice co-workers, amazing tuition reimbursement program
You will learn discipline out of necessity. You will learn how to multi-task out of necessity. You are already good at teamwork, otherwise you would't have been hired. But you will still learn how to be even better out of necessity. You can transfer from region to region quite easily. I moved a number of times while I worked for Apple, and was not only able to keep my job, but re-negotiate salary while transferring from region to region. The gestalt varies greatly from region to region. Some are better than others. However, even in the worst of them, I always found myself working with great people. Decent discounts on apple products for you and your friends and family. When you look for a new job, you can say that you were a "Technician at Apple"
good people, benefits, discounts, 401k match
If you have to do retail, this is the place to do it. You will work hard but the general energy, benefits and training are unparalleled
Good benefits, school schedule flexibility, tuition reimbursement
Good food and the employee of the month prize is lit
-Work from home -Insurance is awesome and starts your first day! -Great pay and benefits
Has an HR department that helps protect you.
Great benifits for working part time.
Health and dental benefits. Discounts
Flexible Very good pay for what I did Easy interface Non stressful Still flexible
Leadership training and development for everyone and every level of service. Fun atmosphere and change is the only constant. A truly great company to work for.
Smart people, positive and dynamic atmosphere, great benefits. Varied and interesting work. Volunteer work and donations matched by the company.
As a college student, technical support role has enabled me to develop many useful skills for expanding my career in the technology industry upon graduating. Also, work with great people that are very genuine and passionate about the Apple culture.
Good food, accommodation,and location, independent office room, cut-of-edge project to work on.
Great working environment. The people who work at the Apple Store are very intelligent, diverse and enthusiastic. Awesome benefits! A lot of space for growing and exploring different opportunities within the company.
compensation package was good ability to work from home
Benefits, culture, fun and enthusiastic co-workers, and personal/professional growth
The pay is great! The environment is great! The food on campus is great! The products AMAZING! The vibe is so chill and down to earth. Benefits are great as well if you're permanently badged.
Great place to work for so many reasons.
Fast paced, always new challenges, incredible scale, inspiring to work on such amazing products!
stable, good welfare, lots of resource
Employees are well taken care of
Awesome people that do not forget for the rest of your life.
I've met some great co-workers.
Flexibility, Coworkers, Atmosphere, work schedule
Culture is beyond reproach. Unparalleled benefits and great bonus structure. Lot's of opportunities for moving in several different areas of the business. Great people who love what they do.
- Great pay and benefits - Convenience of working from home - Paid vacation / sick time (yes they're separate pools so you get more hours)
Fast-paced, constantly changing. Amazing professional and personal resources. Working for a world-class organization with amazing products.
Opportunity to work with other brilliant people.
Very smart people, lots of resources
Benefits, 401k, stock options, and discounts. The talent that apple attracts is diverse. You are surrounded by some interesting people.
It's all about customer service and making sure nobody leaves unhappy. We never usually had any issues and assisted with care.
Awesome environment Continuous Learning Latest Technology Research Savy Marketting Skills
Great place to work at. Good work
Benefits, 401k, stock options, and discounts. The talent that apple attracts is diverse. You are surrounded by some interesting people.
Benefits, Paid Time-Off, friendly mangers.
Wonderful company to work for!
People are genuinely nice and the offices, though sterile are comfortable. Can't say anything about the new campus because I wasn't there long enough to enjoy it.
-Very nice building facility and amenities -frequent, generous parties/events -Great medical/vision/dental benefits -Looks good to have Apple on your resume
Feels like family, the people are great to work with and everyone is understanding and willing to help, benefits are fantastic and people care a lot about you
Flexible Hours for Students Supportive Mgmt Great soft skill experience Work from Home
you get to work on the iPhone
Flexible Hours for Students Supportive Mgmt Great soft skill experience Work from Home
The corporate company is a wonderful powerful force in the world that makes great products
You can grow if you play politics.
Overall your team that you work with is phenomenal. Everyone is so uniquely skilled and friendly.
Probably some of the best coworkers you can ever have. The hardest part about leaving was leaving what I considered to be my family.
A very fast paced environment with a ton of responsibilities. A fantastic learning experience as you will never encounter an environment like this anywhere else. Travel and free gadgets what is not to like.
Relationships with people and commitment to excellence.
Atmosphere , colleagues, discounts, training, career path.
Innovative people, great opp, lots of resource
Great people and mission. Loved every challenge and project I had a chance to work on. I'll cherish my time there
Great benefits, and opportunity to learn and grow professionally
Alternative to the Apple Store. Conveniently placed for areas that were out of the way of the official Apple Store.
The benefits are the best part.
It was fine for a job
Good benefits, better than most companies including stock options
Great team, really pushes you to do your best.
great customer face and culture
Great company overall. Take very good care of their employees. Always allowing their employees to work on development to better themselves. Great work/life balance, and really try to care about what is happening in your personal life.
Benefits, campus, shuttles, brand name, products.
Benefits, Exciting products, atmosphere, Talented coworkers.
Fair, fun, driven, challenging, positive, great pay, amazing benefits
Great benefits in terms of insurance and employee discounts, real sense of caring about the individual employees
Benefits are amazing! Apple takes care of their own. Pay is higher than most places i've worked.
1) stocks and free dinner
You get to meet a lot of interesting people and you get to learn a lot along the way. The culture is pretty cool and they instill pride in everything you do. Feedback is a two way street and is highly encouraged.
Good pay, benefits, and people.
1. Great culture. 2. Good benefits for a retail position.
dope place to work while in school
Love my team, love the training, love the pay.
You work with amazing talent and get to learn so much. Great energy and passion all around and pushes you further. Great benefits
Great benefits and very fair salary.
Loved every minute of working at Apple. It challenged me more than any other company I've worked for and helped me grow tremendously.
Technology and people were awesome.
Challenging work that is interesting. Ultimately supporting products that you use everyday, helps to keep you motivated. Lean organization, not a lot of layers of management.
Good employee training. Stimulating work environment
You get awesome benefits for part-time work. Sick pay, stock options, health benefits (dental and vision), 401(k). Flexible hours and ability to experience different career experiences within the company.
Fun place to work. Everyone is very motivated and do their best to get you motivated too.
Good compensation Good people to work with Competitive environment
Excellent products, Nice buildings, great food, nice perks
Pay(ish), 401k, stock program, working from home
Great benefits and people to work with.
The biggest pro about this job are the people you work with. I have been blessed with great work environments in my life. Apple retail has amazing and diverse people. If it were just up to hanging with my coworkers, doing great work and having fun I'd be running to work to be there every day.  Apple will provide some great tools that can be used in your personal life and later professional life. If you follow how they teach it their perspectives on "Fearless feedback and assuming positive intent" can be incredibly useful.  If you are young and can get in it's a great place to start, learn some skills move up a little, if you can, and then use it as a resume stuffer.
Good starting salary. Cool people to work with. Discounts and benefits are good- fitness reimbursement, education assistance, discounts on products, etc.
Get to play with new stuff
Discounts 25% somewhat flexible schedule
Great people, environment, and benefits, not to mention great starting pay.
I was part of Apple's College Program as an iOS At Home Advisor. They had great training to prepare you for the role. The biggest pro for me was the tuition reimbursement, it helped immensely.
You work with some of the smartest and most talented employees who have a passion for their team and technology.
Good benefits, yearly raises, sick pay & vacation
Benefits, Rewarding, Showered with praise, Great pay, Awesome work environment
Free certification to work on Macs and iPhones.
Really positive work environment and great people
Company culture, benefits, fun work atmosphere, great products
Being able to help others make wise, educated, and informed purchases. Cool technology! We're always kept busy.
Compensation, Benefits, Co-Workers and a unique Culture.
The people you meet are amazing and they can end up being your really close friends, you get amazing benefits for being a part-time employee and you work with amazing products.
Great pay, benefits, discounts, ability to work at home
AppleCare advisors have a work-from-home option, excellent training, excellent corporate culture, well thought out policies, flexible time-off system, great employee discounts, good benefits
Flexible with time off and scheduling
Lots of interaction with multiple groups within the company
Pay , advancement , 401 k , stocks , health insurance
Great company, excellent working culture
Great company to to work. Life and work balance is great as well as all the benefits that come with the job.
smart people, great teamwork, good environment
Customer interactions. Get to help people all days and impart technical wisdom upon them. You also great discount after like 6 months
Good interaction with cross-functional teams
employee benefits such as stock purchase plan, 401k, tuition reimbursement, and maternity/paternity leave
Great Benefits Flexible Discounts A lot of truly genuine coworkers
Meet nice people and learn new things
I'll start off saying that one's experience can vary a lot from group to group. So don't take these pros or cons as necessarily applying to all of corporate. It only represents my personal experience.  * Not a whole lot of red-tape or bureaucracy getting in the way of getting things done. * Work-life balance reasonable.
Stable Place to Work Fun Place to Work Good Benefits At Work Organization excellent Good Colleagues and friendly to work with
Meet nice people and learn new things
Amazing benefits, amazing people, decent pay, great opportunities for growth and promotion. My leaders seem to really believe in me and actually want me to succeed. There is an amazing company culture, basically no drama between employees. Literally a breath of fresh air in the work environment.
-Great Benefits -Generous Pay -Generous Attendance Policy -Culture of Open communication
The people are wonderful there!
For any manager, the way to succeed at Apple is to be seen to conspicuously innovate. Good managers tap into the talents of those who report to them so that the whole team is seen to succeed and innovate. Managers get substantial authority - it's very top-down - so if you get a good manager things will work well for you. If you are considering a position at Apple, learn as much as possible about the managers you will report to, as they will make or break your experience.
Flexible hours with your life events, coworkers are great people. Many managers will work with your school schedule if you do a great job while you're working.
Great staff of truly talented people. Passionate customers. Products that positively impact the customers.
Growth, technical learning, leadership learning
Great management and coworkers
Great training, environment & people.
Great experience with tech, new products
-Hourly pay is very good compared to other retailers -Generally fun work environment, best ppl you'll ever meet -Work is always challenging, it's never the same day twice -Excellent benefits, even for part-time employees
The company as a whole treats its employees super well. The pay is great, good health insurance, supportive internal network, and a lot more. All the managers I worked under and with were super empathetic to concerns which meant a lot.
High recognition of contribution (to friends and family). Good compensation. Good opportunities to present in executive reviews. Good opportunities to drive cross-functional collaboration.
The employees are amazing. Keeps you coming to work.
Entrepreneurial environment, challenging work that doesn't allow to be complacent, insanely smart people to work with, highly innovative work opportunities, never a dull moment, fantastic benefits, flexibility and a passion for Diversity, inclusion and equality. Great matching donations/volunteering program.
Great Benefits Friendly environment Room to grow
You'll be working with some of the smartest, most diverse teammates possible. Your customers generally love seeing you. There is a great variation of different roles in each store so it's fairly easy to find one that suits your personality.  Benefits are, by and large, better than just about any retail organization out there. Standards are high and this tends to produce a very rewarding day to day experience for employees and customers.
You'll be working with some of the smartest, most diverse teammates possible. Your customers generally love seeing you. There is a great variation of different roles in each store so it's fairly easy to find one that suits your personality.  Benefits are, by and large, better than just about any retail organization out there. Standards are high and this tends to produce a very rewarding day to day experience for employees and customers.
I came to apple as part of acquisition, where I had lot of perks(RSU's). I am with apple from past 3.5 years and happy to be here. They gave almost same number of RSU's every year. Had to work long hours but it was good as you can prove yourself. Maternity leave was 12 weeks which is really good
Work with amazing people that help with personal development
Great company, great team, great opportunities
An amazing environment that encourages you to go far.
You get a good wage hourly depending on your job.
Above average Wages. Great Benefits Flexible Schedule
Passionate Type A personalities that are motivating to work with
Amazing company full of smart and energetic people, plus awesome benefits and perks.
This job offers great benefits and great opportunities to transition into different departments. There is always someone available to assist you and there are many opportunities for advancement
-benefits: health, stock, fertility, vision, dental,life, disability, tuition, discounts.... -great training and development opportunities
Great job, lots of trust in their employees and lots of freedom to run your business the way you want.
great products, still has an innovative culture. Strong presence in a number of verticals. Competitive pay.
Great benefits, treat their employees very well, overall great company to work for, get to work from home
Career capital is pretty great.
Remote (work from home) opportunities, if that's your thing. Apple provided equipment that you're encouraged to "play" on to better learn your roll. Good benefits (medical, dental, vision, etc...)
Great company that does care for employees, great benefits (tuition/gym/health insurance/discounts/stock), no sale pressure. Promote employee feedback and do train very thoroughly. Apple, as a company, really values their people and their contributions.
Coworkers are absolutely fantastic. Everyone is interesting, intelligent, and brings something unique to the table. Learning about the new products from an inside perspective is fun. No, we really don't learn before they're announced. Some customer interactions are incredibly fulfilling and leave you feeling very moved. These devices are important to them. I firmly stand with apple in that aspect of their vision. Those experiences are special and what make the job worth doing.
Pros- Apple is a great company with great benefits.
Best company for benefits and amazing co-workers.
You can win apple products.
Great place and good environment
Decent pay, great benefits, shift flexibility, mostly good people
Flexible Schedule for college students
Good benefits with an easy job.
My manager at the time was very friendly, helpful, and more than willing to listen to any crazy ideas as long as you were able to back them up with facts and data. The team was small and willing to pitch in anytime someone needed help.
Good pay, particularly in RSU's for top performers. Bright, hard-working people in a relatively casual atmosphere. Employee discounts on great products.
Good salary, great work environment. excellent career for Engineers
Good culture & nice RSUs
Love the client-base I would with.
Fun and interesting projects that have wide reach. Working here is really good training to become proficient at what you do.
When I worked for Apple, there was a heavy focus on teamwork and team building that resonated strongly with me. Training was thorough, and my first supervisor was extremely friendly, helpful, and constructive.
pay, benefits are nice. take advantage of them
Amazing company and culture, listen to their employees and do a good job of creating a positive work life balance.
Great education , formidably organized company . If located in high traffic area , business is good
Very competitive for a retail environment, upward mobility, friendly people
Always busy. Do not need to worry about job security. Pay is good for retail.
Great pay. Best healthcare. Smart coworkers. Fast pace and challenging environment where you are expected to own your area. Always changing.
Some of the best pay out there for retail. You won't get fired for not making sales, but you will hinder yourself from moving forward if you don't adhere to the metrics. Health Benefits in all reality are decent for part timers, for retail you can consider it great. Management is hands off in most scenarios. Not pushed to sell the most expensive item, instead whats truly best for the customer which is great. If you do take an offer, move politically and adhere to the company "culture", it's a facade but play the game wisely and you'll progress more, don't be comfortable being yourself 100%
Great people, great benefits, great training
good benefits, work form home sometimes
Awesome culture, great benefits and discounts
The work environment is the best I've experienced ever. Everyone is stoked to be at work & we work together as a team very well. When you ask questions or make mistakes you're not treated like you're dumb. Great pay, health benefits, 401(k), and stock options.
Worked from home. Job could be fun.
Great culture and work environment
Great benefits: stock options, 401k, healthcare, discounts. Ethical working environment. Generally happy people.
It was a great company, but didn't always keep promises to its current employees
Able to gain experience working a performance based job while attending school.
The pros of working in Apple retail is that you'll have great coworkers. I've worked in multiple locations and have always found I was in great company.
- Benefits are great, not many jobs offer this. - Discounted stock options. - Paid transportation.
The company really does care about their employees, working from home is great and let's not forget the discount.
Great flexibility in hours and workspace, allows for freedom to have work -life balance, good growth opportunities
Great benefits. Great Epp. Great people.
Work from home positions from AppleCare division that allow you to relocate anywhere in the U.S. and internationally where there's a presence as long as you can also provide a good internet connection.  Great addition to your resume  Good opportunity for college students to have some income.  Health benefits average with the industry and large enterprises.  Personal discount and family discount on Apple products and some of its partners.  Discount on stock company stock purchases
Worked from home. Job could be fun.
The employees are top-notch. Great discounts on products.
Apple develops some of the best hardware in the industry. The quality standards are top notch, and the access to resources is virtually unlimited.
Somewhat decent pay, employee discounts
Extremely intelligent colleagues, always challenged
Great products, benefits, co workers, and culture.
Incredible working environment surrounded by motivated people.
Working at Apple is excellent, amazing culture, leaders who believe in their people, and excellent work life balance. Work is challenging and rewarding. I feel like my hard work is noticed by others.
You're working amongst many smart and ambitious people. The company cares about your work life balance and makes it a point in doing so.
Great health benefits, they treat you like you matter to the company. The pay is good.
Apple takes really excellent care of their employees. You work with friendly, productive, helpful people and Apple gives you great benefits. I am a part time retail employee with stock benefits, transit subsidy ($100 monthly), fitness reimbursement ($300 annually), health/dental/vision, adoption assistance, new parent leave, bereavement leave, sick pay, education reimbursement ($5,200 annually), and a generous discount on our products (25%).
Your coworkers are your second family
High level of innovation and lots of exciting projects but there is heavy emphasis on hardware and iDevices. Very good at iterating on hardware, design and experiences, if you enjoy those domains and are good at them then Apple can be ideal for you.
Compensation, stocks, flexibility to work from home as needed.
Lots of cross functional team interactions, if you like travel and are single lots of opportunity to travel to China business class and stay in premium hotels. HWTE org works across all product lines so potential to switch between them.
Great company. They care about their employees with benefits and discounts and many services.
Great environment, coworkers and pay
Interesting customers and coworkers, every day is different
good benefits for part time
Benefits and the family of co-workers
The team is a huge collection of amazing people that do truly amazing things. This is especially true outside of the the walls at work. There are many photographers, adventurers, DJ's, etc. Even if/ when you do leave, these are friends that will be there for a lifetime. The benefits are great, even as a part time employee, health and life insurances, stock options, 401k etc. The company does their best to acknowledge the human aspect of a lot of things too.
Apple is one of the greatest company I have ever worked for. The management team are very human and provide lot of flexibility. The company philosophy in general is great. We do sell product but we care about the experience before the transaction!
It's Apple, with AppleCare growing at breakneck pace to support customers. Decent discounts on Mac and iOS devices.
The benefits are absolutely fantastic.
-Great Benefits -Tons of support from co-workers and leadership if you make mistakes, don't know how to handle a situation, or want to get better at something. -Managers don't micromanage and let you do your job -Decent Pay for Retail -Apple really cares about it's customers. I feel they value customer service more than most retailers.
Great culture and amenities for a company so large.
Smart people. Good pay.
Great benefits, unique coworkers, great dress code
Great culture that really stands behind its people, great benefits.
The people, benefits (Stock, 401k, fitness, health/medical insurance), "leave work at work"
Health care and everything you could imagine. Apple takes care of their employees and always puts them first. I wouldn't work for any other company
Resources to experts in every field and resources to support challenging and fun engineering and design. There are high expectations, and there is also an infrastructure and momentum facilitate the work needed to meet those expectations.
Access to High Tech company logistic system Promotion opportunities Coordination with working engineers
Work on software and hardware that almost everyone uses everyday.
A company with a clear vision and genuine concern for its employees an customers. High quality product and services. Some of the most talented people you will ever work with. You will constantly be challenged to improve yourself and the business. Within reason, stores run as independent business and can do what's right for their employees and their customers.
The people I worked with were some of the best humans I've met. The culture is one of growth and support of each associate's individualism and potential.
Good pay for student worker
Great benefits and awesome teammates
good environment and good pay
Interesting problems to solve with an awesome team of engineers! Opportunities to contribute and get better galore everyday. Vertical scale of work with expertise developed from front-end to implementation.
Fun co-workers. Great pay. Good benefits. Tremendous amount of opportunities if you are willing to relocate to Asia or the Santa Clara Valley.
Discounts, stock options, great company and just overall great management. I just having the perks of being part of a great company
Great health/dental benefits and Time off is pretty good also. You get some pretty great holiday pay if you choose to work. Great for single folks.
Solutions are solid. Products are fantastic. For the most part, job descriptions are accurate. Compensation and benefits are good.
Benefits, discounts and a lot of perks
Best workers in the retail space
Great Benefits. It's a very Social job. Health and wellness package and lots of focus on wellness. Awesome product line.
Great benefits great co workers. Discounts are always a bonus. Work is always a fun place to be. You look forward to going to your job daily
The people I worked with were awesome, the facility was fantastic.
Great company to work for. Great Experience
I've been with apple for many years. The first few years were great, they paid well and treated us like people. There was a feeling of pride and security. More recently, they have piled more work on us than we can bear, without pay. A lot of people have acquired anxiety because of it. We used to be employees, now we're just a number
Overall it was a good experience working at Apple although I was a contractor. Fast pace, Great food, and very flexible hours.
Apple is very energetic and if fast paced. They keep up with the best technology and are always looking for ways to help those in need.
Benefits are great to have. That feeling of love and care is what I enjoy most within the company. Management is always focused on what is best for you.
Excellent benefits including the best health insurance for any company I have worked for, holiday pay, and more. Every team manager I have worked for has been excellent, balancing the need to serve the business while understanding the needs of the employees.
Ridiculously easy job. They teach you all the minor tech skills you need to diagnose their famously reliable products. All you have to be is nice to people and you'll breeze through your work day. It's impossible to get fired, because they don't hold you to any metrics (like number of customer's seen daily or number of devices repaired daily).
Ridiculously easy job. They teach you all the minor tech skills you need to diagnose their famously reliable products. All you have to be is nice to people and you'll breeze through your work day. It's impossible to get fired, because they don't hold you to any metrics (like number of customer's seen daily or number of devices repaired daily).
Flexible work hours, they allow you to set your own schedule with flex time Great training and resources provided Camaraderie with other employees
-Everyone is extremely smart. If you were ever at a job where you met someone and you're like 'how the crap did this person get hired?' That doesn't seem to happen here. Pretty much everyone is competitive and gunning for it. There are rarely people who just want to 'coast' by in a company. Everyone at Apple is looking for more. -Good health benefits. -Commuter stipend for those not in the shuttle routes -Employee discounts -You always get the best tech they have to offer (computer, monitors, etc.) -Ergonomic evaluations. They'll make sure you're as comfy as possible. Chairs, stands, adjustments, they'll get it.
Challenging work with talented and engaged people. There is an abundance and concentration of knowledge and people to learn from.
You'll get to work with really smart people, work is quite challenging especially if you are working on new products. so, careful what you wish for!
Good benefits, great coworkers, there are lots of those positions and small teams/clubs that you can hop in if you know the right people. Great place to be part time/to supplement school or another job.
Pay, benefits, and the people
good atmosphere and good location
Great company to work for and plus the benefits are great!
Amazing benefits, caring store teams, exciting products introduced all the time to keep things interesting and never boring. Competitive pay, and some room for advancement
Great company to work for and plus the benefits are great!
The environment was friendly and filled with quite a host and plethora of beautiful wonderful people. Indeed, plus the hours were enjoyable.
Awesome benefits, great growth, taught great professional skill sets.
Great place to work at
A great place to work to work in! Very good and healthy environment!
Very collaborative environment where star employees are encouraged to go deep and wide, micro managers are not successful, autonomy is encouraged
You want to be a better version of yourself... Work for Apple. It is truly a changing event.
Apple has a really good reputation for their products. You always get a discount on their products. There is a good team in apple, the instructors always help and they always give you a really good service.
Working at the Apple Store is an amazing experience. Fun, everyone is friendly and willing to help and Management is incredible. They really worry about you by making sure you take lunch and breaks in time and always look for ways to improve your customer service by offering training from time to time. Benefits are out of this world, definitely one of my favorite things.
Great atmosphere with fellow interns
Great atmosphere with fellow interns
Company benefits, building your resume / experience
Great benefits, great pay, excited people
Most locations in big cities have good pay and the company benefits are decent for both full time and part time employees.
Benefits like tuition reimbursement, health, vision, dental, fitness reimbursement, and getting to meet new people everyday on the sales floor.
Environment, opportunities of growth, international exposure, great conditions
Great team and great management. All employees understand the needs and expectations of the work place.
Good flexible hours. Good pay for part time
Apple is a great place to be. Everyone has a vision of success. Lots of opportunities if you seek them. Very professional.
Great team environment with a somewhat large amount of support.
work with some of the coolest people great work culture cutting edge technology very fast paced
Working with great people. Great health insurance and benefits, as well as discounts.
Insanely good full-time benefits. You'll learn a lot about technology and work with teams of people who are good at what they do.
Apple really works at giving you opportunities to grow. Everyday is filled with learning and teamwork. One of the best jobs I have ever had.
Inviting, welcoming, enthusiastic, pay, teamwork
Good benefits and holiday pay. Schedules are good if you work your but off.
Great benefits, logo envy and easy commute
Work at home! Great benefits and your almost forced to be promoted. If you get fired from Apple you probably meant for it to happen. Great company
The bosses could not be nicer people. They were always very kind, patient, understanding and helpful. I would have stayed if it paid enough. They were very upfront and honest. They told me in the interview that I was a contract worker and would not be hired after the year was over. That really impressed me. I can't say enough good things about the people that worked there. Just really great people. Training was phenomenal
Great benefits, pay, people
Great Discounts, All Health Benefits, Flexibility in Hours, more experience than just base job! Meet amazing coworkers. Gain sales experience fast.
benefits, discounts, prestige, fast pace, learn a lot about tech
Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage even as a part-time employee. Great atmosphere to work in. Awesome management. Very competitive salary for a retail position. Great as a career stepping stone.
RSUs and relatively a good salary
Big Company Great for resume building
Good benefits, fun team, and chance to experience different areas within the business. I love the diversity of the team.
PTO, fun atmosphere, changing the world
Working from home is nice!
Great team, great pay, good hours
Rewarding and challenging work. Plenty of visibility to management if you want to make a name for yourself.
Smart people, great camaraderie. I have never worked with a group of such profoundly bright and creative people. As Apple has a well deserved reputation for producing cutting edge creative products, the company attacks and mostly encourages the brightest minds. We had many dealing with the corporate group, but I worked in retail. Never before have I worked with so many smart people who were paid so little (but that is retail!).
You meet some amazing people here. Very friendly and you recent a lot of training and experience before you are on your own.
Its retail but doen't feel like it. The fast pace of the environment, the customers, and coworkers really makes working for Apple Retail amazining. Plus, the benfits have improved for part-timers (e.i., tution assistance, health care, fitness credit)
Great environment and great benefits
Attracts interesting, motivated and positive people, so coworkers tend to be a blast Constant personal development Strong company morals Plenty of opportunities for growth in the company Decent benefits Presents a good challenge Lots of instant friends and team bonding outside of work Caring leaders
Flexibility. Benefits. Casual dress. Diverse staff.
Great Team Atmosphere, great pay to work from home. The have an awesome and thorough training staff. I liked it a lot.
Overall atmosphere and possibility of growth within company
looks good on a resume, great experience, pretty good benefits and base pay
Great people to work with. Apple had emphasis on people development. Great benefits.
$, $, $, $, $
My fellow coworkers are great and supportive, that's honestly all I've got. Not much else is that good. The benefits are awesome.
Exciting place to work. Many smart people to work with.
Wonderful training program, co workers, access to tech
Company cares about employees and benefits are great.
Working here will give you tons of experience and teach you lots of valuable knowledge.
Good compensation compared to similar level in other companies. Challenging works.
Fast pace, a lot of talented people to work with, great access to cutting edge technologies if you are interested in that
Home Office is great. No travel time. Wake up, freshen up, and go to work.
Creative, Lively co-workers, great managers. Opportunities to get involved outside your job description and grow.
Great team. Always pushing you to do better
You get to work from home and the workload isnt so hard
Retail side of working at Apple is great. The entire team is relentlessly positive but never to a fault. People are understanding and enriching in the broadest sense of the words. The team is collaborative and solution oriented which contributes to personal growth in wonderful ways.
It is amazing to work for one of the biggest companies in technology history. Retail can provide you with hundreds of different opportunities for going corporate. You can even get sponsored to go and work for corporate, and they will pay for you to live at a corporate location and work for them there. This is a company that provides growth on many levels for internal employees and has wonderful benefits. Even for part-timers, Apple provides paid leave for family needs, and has vision, dental, and great healthcare. They offer 401k and stock options, as well as donating to any nonprofit you may volunteer for. Apple is fantastic to work for.
Loved working for apple, benefits were incredible and began immediately. Team Contribution, great tools, extensive resources, awesome collaboration, responsive and supportive managers.
Great resume booster for college students.
Fun environment, great discounts, and some mediocre people to become friend with until you leave.
Great benefits, good pay for retail, looks good on resume
Loved the coworkers and the people that were met throughout the different stores.
Team work is encouraged, Management seeks feedback and provides good feedback. Great Benefits program. Supportive of work life balance.
Fast paced environment, great place to learn
I like programming. Specially I am very interesting mobile world. So I have experience of mobile development about 7 years.
Positive Work Atmosphere and loads of extra hours opportunities and incentives.
The team is truly the best part of working at Apple. You meet many great people and create lasting friendships.
Depending on the team you're with, there are opportunities to really have an impact on the business.
Great people, leading technology, great benefits
Pays reasonably well. Very friendly coworkers.
Exciting products and projects to work on and have a meaningful impact Apple brand is still a huge asset on your resume
Great benefits medical, dental, vision, fitness reimbursement, public transportation, education reimbursement, stock options, 401K which the company matches up to 6%
Relatively open communication between leadership & staff, Fairly positive & upbeat vibe amongst staff
• Great benefits and decent pay for retail • Positive work environment • Get to meet lots of cool people • Plenty of discounts on products and software (sometimes free)
Livable wage, great health and dental benefits along with generous 401k matching contribution of up to 6%.
Great secured work environment. Employees are friendly and very helpful.
-No commute -Decent benefits -Work from home
Very flexible schedule. Great while in school. Competitive salary for retail work. The team is usually great to work with. Very friendly and supportive management. Feels great helping people. Excellent benefits available for part- and full-time employees.
The people/employees are the best people you can work with. You will be surrounded by people with different back-ground. Leaderships will have your back. Benefit for part-time employees are almost the same as full-time. Career Experiences down to Cupertino will be available if you qualify for the experiences.
Great benefits for part-timers (health, medical, dental, tuition reimbursement, stocks, paid holidays) Positive work environment from management Work from home Room for advancement
Feedback is one of the best features of the Apple culture and your team members become like family. People genuinely care about you as a person, in and outside of work.
Great people and great benefits
Fabulous benefit and employee programs
Working at Apple opens up opportunities to inspire and connect to people in amazing ways. The culture is very relaxed and open. I love not feeling like I have to sell someone a $2000 machine they won't fully utilize.
Apple offers a ton of amazing opportunities and benefits.
Surrounded by people who love their job so going to work never feels like "work" Continuing education and opportunities if you put the work in.
Great company to work for with all the available benefits.
Great Benefits, Awesome People to work with, At home position
In store team collaborates, cooperates at every level. Most consistently positive work relations I have experienced so far in my career. Part of Apple's strength lies in recognition of its constant re-invention.
Working from home is a huge plus. The benefits here are the best I've had at a company. Product discounts plus a ton of 3rd party discounts. The insurance is fantastic a well as the 401k contributions. 6% and up to 100% match.
Culture, Development, Opportunities are available, and great people to work with.
The pay was awesome and the ability to have part time benefits were amazing. Also being a part of stocks and rsus were superb.
The benefits. Health benefits, generous product discounts, tuition reimbursement, fertility treatment and adoption benefits, transit assistance, 401k, stock and RSU. The benefits at apple are fantastic and I have yet to meet anyone at another company with benefits that compare to apple's.
Good pay, get to work from home. Good benefits. Discounts on apple products. Fun to work on provided Apple equipment.
Well-structured system for personal development. The best I've seen at a company and can easily carry it over to other companies, which help with building your career.
Great company, true vision and commitment to core values, and well-paid employees.
Great atmosphere, great people and culture.
Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people, literally. It's a lot of pressure to get things right and drives one to do the best work of their lives. 2+ years later I'm still blown away by the talent and creativity of people I work with.
- Best company I ever worked for. In terms of motivation, peer relationships (the people that work there are incredible and some of the smartest people I ever met)  - BEST medical, dental, vision, life insurance benefits I ever came across. Compared to every other company I worked for no one comes close to Apple's benefits. The dentist I used actually mentioned that they never had any patient with as high dental coverage as the plan Apple ensures.  - Very challenging. If your going for a promotion your NOT competing against nobodies. These are some of the most intelligent, innovative and hard working people I know in my life. It made promotions a real challenge but that's a good thing I think. Makes you work harder and appreciate what you get.  - Good 401k and stock options. Apple has some great 401k and stock options, again I haven't seen any other company I worked for offer such benefits.  - Great discounts on products. A good example of this is I paid $1,000 for a $2,000 iMac. Some co workers bought a MacBook Air that costed $999 and paid less than $300.  - Caring company. I couldn't believe this but it's true. I had a lot of stuff happen to me the last 2 years with my marriage and life, where I had to take ALOT of days off and was a wreck when I was there. They not only worked with me but were there for me. Especially the employees who offered any and all support. Won't forget that.  - Career advancement. THIS IS HUGE! If you come in as a employee, even as a entry Apple Store specialist you can go anywhere and everywhere. You can be transferred to work at any Apple Store nationwide, or if you want go work at Corporate and even be part of software and hardware design teams. One Genius in my store did a Career experience at Cupertino, did such a good job they asked him to come back and work on The iPad team.
Good for slow, older or not so sharp junior engineers
Working from home is an amazing opportunity but don't fool yourself - don't think you'll have flexibility to be with your kids or do your chores. You gotta follow your schedule and be online when you're suppose to. I actually can't imagine having kids at home when working, you need to pay attention and be dedicated. Once you get used to, the job flow is incredible. The benefits are the best I ever had - medical, dental and vision. They do reward you with amounts in Apple Stocks, which is great. Management is always on top, you don't feel left out because you're working from home and while some are in the office. Pay is very good and comparable to other companies. If you have a good perfomance, you can chose what schedule to have (of what is available, off course)
Interesting work Great products Work life balance Some managers are great Good teams
The pay is competitive. The benefits are next level and the environment is top of the line for a retail store. There are pressures and timelines but no quota you have to work off of..you simply must do the best for the customers and for your team!
The pay is competitive. The benefits are next level and the environment is top of the line for a retail store. There are pressures and timelines but no quota you have to work off of..you simply must do the best for the customers and for your team!
1. Nice facilities. 2. Good food that's not terribly expensive. 3. Decent pay for a technical writer. 4. People were fairly friendly, on the whole. 5. Great fringe benefits for full-timers (not for contractors), including a gym, on-site doctor, and other services. 6. You don't take your work home with you, as a contractor. 7. From what I can tell, Apple actually cares about its employees, and it tries to be a responsible corporation. That counts for something. A lot, really. My previous employer was happy to support bigoted political candidates just for the "pro-business" policies. I don't see Apple doing that. I do see it giving me a place to safely dispose of batteries, recycling waste on a huge scale, and building giant solar farms.
Great pay and benefits, and awesome coworkers. You'll stay up to date with technology.
The hiring process is lengthy because they only hire amazing people. Just about everyone I work with brings energy and knowledge to the table. Everyone is an Apple fanatic and wants to be there. Not to mention the pay is decent whilst still at university.
Great benefits, work from home, team environment, they send you a computer and you're whole work station, plus you get clothing and misc. items in the mail that have the Apple logo on it like water bottles. What's cooler than saying you work for Apple? During peak seasons you can get up to 60 a week if you want and you get significant discounts on products and services.
Best benefits, lots of discounts, decent pay
Fun talking to customers
Benefits, Hours are really good, people, friends , discounts
Great opportunities to learn and grow
Awesome benefits, solid pay, great co-worker around the country to interact with. Apple really cares about their employees and goes the extra mile to make sure we are taken care of.
Apple's brand in itself provides a name that just about anyone would want to be associated with. As an at home advisor, you can work from home supporting people of the Apple family from all over the world. And the discount on Apple products is pretty cool too.
Great pay very understanding managers decent hours
details orientated, drive to prefect
Great pay and benefits. Loved working at home.
Benefits, 401k was good, food is fantastic, as is the gym.
Great benefits, work environment and team
Pay is pretty good when compared to other hourly wages for cooks.
Good benefits, great pay for retail.
This is a great place to work
Great benefits, stock options, positive environment. The company takes care of its employees. Pay is great for a retail job.
Compensation is extremely good. You get to work with incredibly smart, creative people.
The company allows you to have very good beneficts and pay all your vacations. Great team player politics and good relationship between peers.
The culture of being a flat organization allows you to really own your project/program and make decisions without having to consult with your manager or leadership.  Perks like the Wellness Center (onsite doctors), nice fitness centers, yoga and spin classes make it easier to manage your life.
Company opens opportunities for growth. If you want it you can go fro it. Of course discounts are a plus but it's so much more than that
Talented, passionate people who care about every little thing. Overall positive culture of self-improvement and mutual support. Great products that you can truly be enthusiastic about. Beautiful physical work environment. No commissions.
Benefits from the first day. Get to work with the most up to date computers. Schedule can be 5x8 or 4x10
plenty of information to absorb
Establishing new relationships. Opening business & personal accounts for clients. Explaining to clients in an understanding way to get familiarity with wireless devices operation.
Amazing experience people wise everyone is super helpful and encouraging
It is a wonderful company, And one of the most successful in the world. I rated it a five star because it works good with tech and finance.
Wonderful people and excellent benefits.
It was a great environment. Coworkers were cool. I liked the perks. The managers weren't too bad.
Impeccable training and support, intelligent co-workers, hustle and bustle environment
Good coworkers, always. Working environment can be pretty positive, in a good store, especially compared to typical retail.
The work itself is fun and fulfilling. Management and groups vary, but my group has been a pleasure to work with.
Benefits Work/life Balance Pay Health Benefits Valued Employees
Great Place to work for
The Culture The Customers The Benefits The Discounts Fun Place To be.
Flexible hours if you are in school or have outside commitments. The pay and benefits are amazing even for part time workers.
Company that values all forms of diversity and strives to create an environment where anyone can say what's on their mind.
Great place and people to work with.
Smart, driven, top tier co-workers Challenging projects Great benefits Pride in the company values Pride in the products Sense of community
Awesome benefits, promotion opportunities, and supportive management. Lots of available career paths and rotations for you to find your career goals.
Its a very challenging environment, and you are accountable. There's a good opportunity of growth. Its a big company, but works like a startup.
Smart Co-workers, very interesting work
- Really smart people you get to work with - Excellent benefits - Some solid managers but also some real lemons. - Apple real does try to get it right all the time, and that is inspiring
Talented hires and great technology. Excitement surrounding the brand. Hands-on experience mentoring and affecting sales change directly in the store.
Apple has great benefits, even for part timers. Perfect for a job starting out (in retail that is). Managers and coworkers are typically awesome people
Good employee discounts, employee benefits on education and fitness
Great environment Good pay Amazing coworkers Awesome perks
Great environment Good pay Amazing coworkers Awesome perks
- benefits - respect from coworkers and leaders - positive, constructive environment
The ability to converse with people from all walks of life Is about the ONLY thing i looked forward to when coming into work. Everything else i'd place in the Cons category
Benefits, people, discounts, dress code,
Great people, work with some of the brightest and talented people around, benefits are better than average for a retail job, chance to experience all the newest technology first
A lot of networking with many startups to fortune 500 companies. Apple hires extremely talented people.
Incredible innovative company with products that change and empower individuals use of technology. Customers and clients are pushing the envelope with their own innovation and reinforce the goals of Apple through their own projects in research or education.
AppleCare is an amazing work experience, it looks fantastic on a resume. The business demands always keep increasing so if you're good at what you do, you'll have steady employment
Great work environment, fun company, lots of opportunity for professional growth.
Great pay, great benefits, work from home, and an average amount of opportunity to move up. If you like a fast paced, daily changing world, you might consider a job at Apple. In their words - the only constant is change.
A lot of networking with many startups to fortune 500 companies. Apple hires extremely talented people.
Incredible innovative company with products that change and empower individuals use of technology. Customers and clients are pushing the envelope with their own innovation and reinforce the goals of Apple through their own projects in research or education.
Very positive place to work. A lot of openings and opportunity. Good coworkers. Nice benefits could be better. A lot of training.
Amazing people to work with
Benefits, team, development, leadership, learning
The company takes great pride in taking care of its employees.
great coworkers and great discount
The people. The technology and public perception and public acclaim for the products you work on
Great company, great people, and amazing apple campus
Great Environment so much positivity to be a retail environment. You walk in the door and you literally become prideful about being apart of such a great brand. Everyday just walking through the store I appreciate the opportunity I was provided to enrich lives.
Great training and overall friendly atmosphere.
Great benefits. Great people. Fun environment.
Work from home, decent pay
It's a great company that you can move up in and not stay at the same level you started on.
Great environment and salary. Flexible hours so I can finish school while making decent money. Benefits are great for retail
Great benefits, stock options and employee purchasing plans. The Manager that skill stay true to founding principles of Apple are excellent to work with. They Generally care about the employees they oversee and prepare you for promotions.
great benefits, awesome work Environment
Work from home Great benefits and pay Meet great people
Great benefits. Great people.
Welcoming culture for all individuals. Teaches you how to maintain and value the highest standard of quality.
it was fun to work there
Great benefits with amazing people.
Great pay, management is very good on development, awaesime career experiences
Great work and then some
Great Financials…exciting products…great co-workers…strong product pipeline
I enjoyed working with my coworkers and the support I got from the coworkers was great
At home position, get info first on product
Good pay for customer service, great benefits, you can grow there, learn a lot of life/technical skills, learn great communication,
It's Apple the company that changed the world
Fun work environment and great benefits available.
Meeting a diverse customer base, Excellent training and resources to learn about the amazing products, part-time health insurance, internationally renowned and respected company
Stable company. Teams are great and the work rewarding.
Enriching customers and employees experience. Benefits are good. 401k is average. Stock options bonus is good. Staff promotions and transfers opportunities to leave the states is solid.
Experience is cumulative, and having a background working in a 'always-on' environment like Apple's is immediately recognizable and favorable for future employers.
Good people to work with
Meet all types of people (coworkers and customers), benefits are great, discounts on pretty much every item for every company out there and it's one of the best retail stores to work in.
Decent place to work.younger management lots of sharing ideas on work flow and team building.
Working with the retail staff in all the Northeast was and is a commitment to sharing a vision, working for a purpose and dedicated to customer service. The discount, however ok, it is not about that. It is the clairvoyant employees on every level, that share talent, experience and experiments that make Apple what it is, and was.
Great salary package and benefits
laid back, they are understanding of anything you come to them for, can be fun, we had nerf gun fights here before. The people are pretty friendly. you get to dress regular. matching 401k plan.
Casual dress, parking garage, food trucks
Community-building with co-workers and customers
Easy job, great benefits, and good culture.
Positive environment. Great benefits. Few to no office politics or back stabbing. Managers really do care and try to give you the best experience with the resources they're given.
Benefits, Pay, Learn about products that you wouldn't otherwise have the opportunity to learn about in detail. Be a pro at what you do. Awesome team managers.
* Total rewards compensation package above industry average, including 401K and ESSP * Above average insurance benefits * Good operational structure including, staffing, training and resources
It helps your resume, future employers will see it and they are aware that it is difficult to get a job there.
Decent place to work.younger management lots of sharing ideas on work flow and team building.
Benefits are choice, def top of the line there. Pay is pretty good compared to other retail environments. The people you work with are amazing.
Great salary package and benefits
Benefits are choice, def top of the line there. Pay is pretty good compared to other retail environments. The people you work with are amazing.
Cant Complain! great place to work
Get to meet great people. Great environment to be in!
Work from home, great pay
Very huge environment. Latest technology.
Apple has an amazing internal culture. Great benefits. I met and worked with some of the brightest, hardest working people.
Great Benefits, good hours, some holidays off, a lot of training and excellent location.
Great Benefits, Healthy work culture, Good Work/Life Balance
Good Sales friendly people angry customers
great people to work with and the job is usually fairly fun. Since joining Apple I have learef quite a bit of stuff. Flexible working hours and paid leave.
I loved the company and products, but the retail enviornment and employees were not handled in the same care as the corporate sector. The computer discount was nice, as was the generous medical benefits.
Great benefits and many opportunities to advance to other lines of business.
Great fast paced environment with boundless opportunity to grow.
-Work from home -All equipment provided -Friendly environment
You get to work from home Apple supplies all your equipment and reimburses you for some internet and phone expensives. The pay is decent
The benefits are great and you meet amazing people customers and co-workers alike.
Employees are like family Nice discount Great benefits Education assistance Flexible
The best place ever to work
Great company to work for. Many opportunities for advancement. Great benefits.
Benefits, good pay, work from home, helpful coworkers
Great company, great benefits, great history
If you're a software engineer, you're among the kings of the hill at Apple. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused).
Very generous with the paid time off and work from home days. There's also the "Apple factor." When you go home for the holidays, everyone will think you've made it.
Fantastic work culture. Full time employees are treated very well, great benefits: Employee Stock Purchase plan, matching 401K, great insurance, and discounts on products. Entry level pay is pretty decent compared to most call Center jobs out there.
Learn to adapt to constant change.
Flexibility Giant Tech company good office environment it's in bay area
The best place ever to work
Good discounts. Tuition reimbursement Good Insurance
At home position. Decent benefits and pay for the role required, specially when you factor in commute to work.
For retail, the pay is decent.
What's phenomenal about the company is that they truly know how to pick a team and develop it. At Apple, you are not "hired", but rather, "selected", like a piece of a puzzle, to fit in with the rest of the team.  Apple focuses on developing you through the trials and tribulations in retail. Being good is simply not enough–so, when the opportunity provides itself to help you become the best, it is always taken. Your peers are there to give you feedback. You are there to implement it. Your leaders are there to do the same, but guide you (or lead you) through the process of growth, while ultimately helping you get to the next position in the store.  A lot of the skills I have learned here at Apple has bled over into my personal life. I am able to focus a lot more (and block out distractions as well, we know how busy it can get) on the things that matter.  I have learned to think creatively and strategically.  I have learned how to communicate passionately and effectively.  I have learned to empathize with upset customers and turn situations around.Even if I am unable to turn the situation around, I have learned to calm my inner self to the point where I do not lash out at customers. I am more vulnerable than ever now.  If you are looking for a great job, a job where you have another family that helps develop you, while making some great money and reaping some great benefits, then this job is for you. This job is NOT for you if you are not passionate, are not vulnerable, do not want to learn, or do not care about helping others grow.  This job is for the go-getters, the doers, the people who want MORE, the people who want to develop, reach new levels, bring others along on the journey (leadership) and learn technical skills/people skills that open your mind to a whole new level of thinking.
- lots of benefits - good morals, values, culture
Fun fast paced community family
Benefits, strict 40 hr work weeks, coworkers
Work along side many smart people.
Awesome pay, At home office, benefits, and moral
great pay, great managers everyone is really nice
Apple offer great benefits with vacations. Other employees are enthusiastic with respect for each other.
Consistent schedule, competitive pay, at-home work environment, a lot of trust is given to you to make the right decision which is very rare in a non-managerial role.
They are great, perfect for growth, fun environment
Great place to work. Very flexible work hours.
Great Benefits. Good company if just coming out of high school. Start pay is higher than minimum wage if going for intro job.
Nice cafeteria - wide variety of menu options and great quality
You will be able to meet a lot of cool people. Very diverse. No other job can beat the benefits offered, hands down.
Really diverse team and a lot of great benefits. Definitely one of the best jobs you could have and for a good company
Great perks offered to all the employees.
Great people. Great management. Great pay. Great benefits.
Great company, good team. Gained a lot of experience`
They have a good vision, the coworkers are really nice, and I made a lot of friends during my time in my roles.
Phenomenal benefits Good hourly wage much higher than current state minimums Plenty of vacation time Four warning system before being terminated
Worked as a specialist and always felt that I was treated fairly and given freedom to approach customers in my own way.
This is the Ritz Carlton of retail. They care for their employees, no one can top their benefits, the best hands down
Excellent pay and benefits, nice discounts and perks. Paid vacation and sick leave. In this position you can work from home so there is no commute.
I think that the primary Pros in Apple Ops are related to Pay and responsibility. The pay is competitive and they enable us to take on significant responsibility. Additionally, the people are very smart and I have learned an enormous amount working with peers.
Great team environment! Amazing support from the company and management.
Amazing benefits, discounts, and teams
Great place to work. I have wonderful time to work with smartest people in the world. You will get a lot experience.
Fast paced work, great people
Benefits weren't bad, employee discount was nice, and working from home was great (at first).
Work-At-Home Great benefits Great pay Supportive leadership
Management is supportive. Merit is recognized. Benefits are good. Pays better than most retail jobs. Close to home. Most coworkers are easy to get along with.
Great part time benefits. Stock options. Tuition reimbursement. Diverse workforce.
good environment, people are sweet, room for wroth in the company
The only pro is the company brand that was inherited from Steve Jobs and have been well known to the world.
Travel benefits, Brand recognition, Free products
Working from home is amazing. Scheduled breaks and plenty of them. Lots of opportunities for overtime. 4x10 5x8 and split shifts options.
Super smart people as peers. Amazing company
Apple has fantastic pay and great training. You simply can't beat them in that area.
overall, it's a pretty good place to work
As a part-time, very flexible hours, good benefits.
As a part-time, very flexible hours, good benefits.
Terrific Training! Great Campus with great lunch options on site. Employees can utilize the gym on site as well. huge potential for advancement in the future.
I really enjoyed working here, and would recommend it to anyone.
When you're in the right organization and have the right motivation whether it's the products or projects, you can be fulfilled beyond your expectations. I've seen many people with various capabilities flourish by moving to different organizations if they don't initially find success.
Wages, Benefits, Perks and working from home.
1. Talented employees make for awesome coworkers and lifelong friends 2. Benefits are outstanding for a retail company 3. Great for a part-time or "for now" gig, not a career
The employees and the corporate culture. Hands down, these two aspects of Apple are reasons to work for the company. Management is great and the support is excellent.
-Excellent management at the immediate level is the norm -Amazing coworkers of diverse backgrounds. Great teams! -One of the best jobs in retail. Great pay and great benefits. -Great company values. Products you can believe in. -Feedback is highly encouraged and culture is often open. -Engaging, fast-paced work. The day can go by fast. You can meet some great customers.
Great people, awesome work, be part of something really cool and cutting edge
Great benefits, amazing atmosphere, and you can transfer to nearly anywhere if you move especially in the US. Working in the retail side of it gives you flexibility to move to an entire different state and have a secured job that pays well.
$12 an hour. You work for Apple (although legally you can't say that since you're outsourced to Kelly Services). Work at home with all equipment sent to you. Good Knowledge Base. Customers are just happy to have your help. Easy to pick up extra hours. Relaxed job, although back to back calls. Latest knowledge on new products and Apple related updates.
Amazing culture. Progressive products. Employee discounts. Free gadgets. Incentives
Great management, the products we support are awesome
Culture is fantastic, managers are easy to talk to.
Awesome place to work thats right.
Great people, awesome work, be part of something really cool and cutting edge
Great staff, discounts. Great benefits & pay for a part-time retail.
Great Company with Benefits. Have some room to move up.
Great team, amazing engineering talent, being able to create world class products
Benefits, pay, great technology and training program.
Benefits, pay, great technology and training program.
Benefits. Culture. Inspiring environment
Great benefits. Friendly co-workers. After all, it's still technically a retail job and you're paid way above the average.
Great on site cafeteria!! Love it
Intercampus on-demand shuttle is convenient.
Worked with a ton of self-actualizing people who had enough in common with you that there was a shorthand for everything – music, food, culture, life. I showed up for the promise of being "the underdogs" early on. Apple changed my life for the better.
Great working experience with all Apple product.
Great benefits. When you are on a great shift it is great.
Amazing team to work with!
This job included great benefits and was a real resume booster. You get tons of discounts on apple products and products they sell and partner with.
Great work environment, great team
- Great health benefits & stock options. - Structured development programs. - Overall, it was a great job to have throughout college. Taught me a lot!
Tuition assistance is great as a college student, the other benefits are amazing, the pay is higher than most retail jobs, Apple looks great on your resume, and you also get the opportunity to earn certifications that follow you once you leave the company.
- Compensation! - Benefits! - Team! - Opportunity for development! - Great Hours
Good Coworkers, great benefits, great culture, good employee perks
Good employee benefits that are eligible for part timers as well. Good retail job.
Great work environment, fun co-workers and management. If you are not fun, outgoing, nice and ready to help people you probably won't get a job at Apple which makes it a great place to work. Pretty good benefits as well.
Progressive company. Egalitarian. Employees first philosophy which redounds to unmatched customer relations. Incredible hiring practices in the retail environment.
Great company to work for, I've learned a lot. Apple is the type of company where you put a lot of hard work in it does pay off.
The people are great here
-Wonderful training that you can take anywhere -Great entry into sales -Great skills gained from working with mass amounts of people everyday -Very diverse employees -Empowering and understanding managers -Great insurance benefits
Great place to work, encouraging peers and leaders. Great company policy's and benefits even at the part time level. Highest payer in retail for non commission. So many perks. Great learning opportunities. Educational support for everyone from part-time to full time.
Some of the best reasons to work for Apple are: the people, the benefits, the occasional OT, and of course the yearly 25% discount on a new computer.
You get to work with bunch of phds who ae domain experts
Work from home Learn Apple products
Great benefits, you won't find these types of benefits at any other job
Highly competitive salary. Great benefits. Healthcare is amazing. Challenging work.
Benefits are great Work is fun and challenging Always getting to work with modern/new technology Always get to meet people from all sorts of backgrounds
looks good on your resume impress your friends training that you can use in the real world
You may work with the most talented people in your industry and benefit from their experience and work ethic. You will never be bored.  There are many exciting opportunities within Apple and if you're clever and hardworking, you can work on those exciting products.  The pay is on par with contemporaries of similar size and stature. Any discrepancies can be assuaged by compensation in the form of generous RSU's and cash bonuses (distributed bi-annually).
-Awesome people -great company -You get to talk to people about what their looking for all day!
wonderful company, great benefits and you are part of something cool
Great environment, not micromanaged, they provide every tool I need to do my job. Benefits are really good(medical and money), low co-pays and deductibles,
Great benefits and discounts. Close knit team. Working with a company on top of the Fortune 500 list is always a privilege. Apple does offer the best customer service for any company I know.
You get to work on all kinds of interesting projects, often times challenging as well. Most colleagues are smart and hardworking, you get to learn a lot too. Benefits improve over time and overall are decent.
interesting work environment, internationally known company, discounts, benefits even for part-time employees, flexibility within job
Helped pay for school, great benefits and a decent hourly wage.
looks good on your resume impress your friends training that you can use in the real world
Awesome coworkers, plentiful growth opportunities, great benefits, casual dress, awesome environment
Excellent company and benefits package
You get to work for an innovative company that constantly re-invents the wheel. It is fast pace environment which makes your day fly by. They invest in training all their employees and really do focus on the customer experience. The BEST benefits (health, vision, dental, 401k, etc...) It is such a diverse culture, Apple invests in hiring in great people that become your teammates, friends at work and even outside (the people are great)
I loved my time with Apple. They train their employees really well and give them the tools to succeed in customer interactions. My managers always backed up what I told customers, and if they decided to make an exception, they made sure customers knew it was a special circumstance. They were also really supportive in helping me find the best career path for me. Benefits, compensation and time off were great for a retail position.
You can't beat the discounts and benefits of working with such a prestigious company
fun job while it lasted
they teach you everything you need to know and the job is rather simple
While working for Apple I was able to sell my car and just share one with my husband. This is great in a city like Atlanta where parking and insurance rates are ridiculous. You will only enjoy this job if you are a people person. I had some great experiences and helped tons of people. Apple sends you small surprises in the mail every so often to make you feel like part of their community. They will provide you with a work computer and pay for part of your internet service. Benefits are amazing.
Amazing benefits, great starting pay Advancement opportunities Started out with a great training program, but could improve on it with more time to listen to current eomployees taking phone calls
-Flexible schedules -great benefits (discounts, health insurance, tuition reimbursement) -Engaging management
-Incredible culture that celebrates diversity at every turn, fiercely protects its environmental impact, and values people above profit. -The skills Apple will teach you not only make you successful in your role and industry, but also translate to relationships and overall being a person who helps move the world forward in positive ways. -Leadership is very supportive and works very hard to ensure people feel supported and developed.
None that I can think of that other jobs don't have
Great people and benefits even for part time employees. They are definitely willing to work with peoples schedules that are part time.
Great job. Some of the best and smartest people you will ever work with.
+ Very reputable company, useful as a resume enhancer. + Great benefits package for full-time and part-time employees, discounts on company products. + Room for growth. There are many departments within the company to choose from.
Great place to work, salary is very competetive, awesome Chefs to work with, they have great benefits, emoloyees are encourage to continue with school.
It is a really nice place to work. Benefits are excellent, vacation and sick time are great and Apple pays for a bunch of stuff such as child care. Don't forget those Apple Discounts!
We want to work here for the benefits! It can take between 4 months to 2.5 years to get converted from a temporary to Apple employee.
It is a fun environment
Incredible team, real unique experiences and very positive vibes.
Lots of freedom, relevant work
Good benefits: Stock compensation and Educational reimbursement. Flexible hours
People are wonderful. Benefits are amazing! Pay is good.
Exciting position in the Apple Store! You get to develop strong relationships with SMB business customers using Apple technology. Noncommissioned Sales with a primary focus on customer success, which can be very fulfilling.
Awesome team, great products, strong benefits package even for part-time employees
Great co-workers, at times can be a very fun atmosphere
Great pay, benefits and 3PP discounts which gives you an opportunity to experience all the great products and speak from personal experience. The products change lives and it is awesome to see and hear of the transformation that takes place in helping others through the use of the technology.
The People, the atmosphere, the growth opportunities
Excellent pay and benefits, ability to advance within the company, work at home, perks and bonuses such as swag.
Great Benefits, Good people, pretty sweet discounts
Great benefits, healthcare, and pay
Apple maintains a positive and energetic work environment. All employees seek to help each other out and make sure the store and it's team is functioning well and efficiently.
The people you work with are great. Benefits are amazing!!! If you're okay with ambiguity it's an ever changing job which keeps things exciting. You can be yourself :)
Amazing products - Thats the reason why I had a dream to work there
The benefits are great. Management is very easy to work with.
Benefits are amazing, PTO, Management is down to earth, get to work with some great customers and other employees each day, launch days are fantastic.
Benefits, pay. Job security. Hard to get fired.
It's a structured, straight ahead job/work environment with a few opportunities to extend yourself.
Benefits Great coworkers Have the latest technology available to use
Good company to work for, great benefits
a position that always keeps you on your toes... mentally.
It was a cool company
Most branded company around the area and very generous on yearly RSU bonus
Excellent place to learn customer service and interaction with the public. Learn to actively listen and respond with actionable solutions.
cool products and you can get a discount on them for you and your friends and family
great amazing fun cool nice
Great perks. Cutting edge work.
Great pay and bonuses. Excellent health care benefits and work environment. Every individual is responsible for his/her work, when at the same time, everyone is part of a team. Love Steve Jobs' model.
Got to work from home
Apple has some of the best benefits in the world and offer the best products in the market. In addition, the people that you work with are some of the best and brightest around.
Get to work on products that many people are excited about. Get to work on technologies that are cutting edge.
Great benefits and great people
Working from home was nice, so were the discounts.
ok to good money and benefits
Amazing experience. Interns are treated like full time employees
Great Benefits Ability to move up Excellent training
Development focused if you are driven to make yourself better.
It is a wonderful environment that revolves around enriching lives. You get to have flexibility and learn new roles every day.
Great Benefits. Able to take vacations. Work along side great people.
Coworkers really want to help you succeed. It was really cool to be a part of a fun, motivated environment even though it was a remote position.
Amazing work place with down to earth culture.
Pay was cool and I enjoyed working from home
Great pay, great benefits, great managers.
Ok pay, long term friends will be made, amazing culture
Great benefits Unique events Bounses
Super progressive great benefits and helpful
Knowledge, Technology, Teaching, Connecting, Exchanging, Enriching, Specializing.
There is not enough GOOD things that I can say about working for Apple. If you've ever dreamed of working for this company and thought you knew what it would be like -- you're probably not even close. It is truly everything I thought it would be and more. In this position getting to work from home is a huge plus. In my honest opinion they offer a very generous compensation package. If you love working with customers and helping even the most frustrated with their tech issues, and you're comfortable working alone -- then this is a great position for you! If you excel at your position there are opportunities for advancement and expanding your overall skills.
work on latest and greatest very compettive teams
Great company, some brilliant people to work with, excellent benefits.
Flexible, Great Pay, Fun Workplace, Amazing Co-workers.
Great people and a lot of training.
Knowledge, pay, hours, co workers and apple swag
The people I work with are the coolest people I've met. I'm constantly learning and developing not only in the workplace, but also as a human being.
Great benefits, amazing health care
Loved the work. Was excited to work here everyday
Good projects for a DSP guy. Casual and opened people. Salaries and overall conditions are good.
Great pay great people awesome
Able to learn a lot in a mostly professional environment. Built strong relationships.
Good people to work with, amazing products.
Awesome environment and the people are influential
Viewed on the outside as prestigious
Good benefits and discounts. Need to recognize talent especially among minorities.
great people to work with. always great products. always busy. potential to move to other parts of the country
Awesome workplace - very smart people. Big onus on quality of product & customers
401k, health insurance, stock purchase plan all were great
The more you put in the more you'll be rewarded - in experience, in team support, in job satisfaction
Amazing culture, you truly feel like part of the family. Benefits are best I've seen. Compassion, going through a rough time, they'll have your back.
great environment and good benefits
Fun, Uplifting and motivating work environment. I loved the people I worked with and learned a lot from my experience.
As a part time employee, you get benefits and sick time! They also do tuition reimbursement.
I believe in that Apple culture and how it prides it self on Customer Service
I believe in that Apple culture and how it prides it self on Customer Service
Fun introductory environment, decent benefits
- great team to work with - have learned a lot in my few short months being a technical specialist
Excellent benefits, retirement, incredible health insurance, services discounts, great atmosphere, friendly people and various other perks.
good work life balance, education reimbursement, good medical.
Awesome perks, basically working in a big kid toy store, you get your hands on the new technology first. Employee stock purchase plan.
Work from home supplies work materials (mac, headset, etc.) get SMALL discounts on Apple products If having to help 80+ angry people back to back have to fix the smallest to largest problems with their iPhone, IPad, Apple Watch, Apple accounts, Macs, and iPods all in one day for money that does not match the work then Apple is the place for you! Have fun! :)
Good salary, amazing recruitment process and till now there hasn't been a month where they haven't contacted me to ask it was going.
Great People! It's always fun going to work
Everyone is smart There are innumerable problems to be able to solve
Great benifits, good team, flexible hours
Enjoyable workplace. Surrounded by great people whom will push you to do better. Apple takes very good care of their employees! You're working with one of the most innovative tech companies in the world!
The highest caliber of people I have ever worked with.
1. Apple surely has the brand value 2. Provides a Big Company experience 3. Get to work with talented and accomplished colleagues
Amazing benefits. Meet some great people. Fun environment to work in. Technology is really fun and exciting.
Great Compensation and a lot of talented co workers
Great company to work for, great benefits. Good for doers, people that like to work and prepared to work hard.
Working at an Apple Store was the perfect job for me during college. The management understands that you have other commitments outside of work, and is super flexible in making time for your life outside of Apple.
great benefits package for a college student
People you work with are great. Discounts are nice as well. Most of all the convinces of working from home are stellar.
Best benefits overall for any company I worked with. Fast paced and exciting company and products
Able to work from home Good benefits
1. Apple surely has the brand value 2. Provides a Big Company experience 3. Get to work with talented and accomplished colleagues
Working from a home office, virtually zero commute time, great benefits, competitive wage, extensive and thorough training, finding coverage for emergent or medical call-offs is *not* needed, and a company-wide hands-off management style.
Innovative. Helpful. Career oriented. Knowledge
Great benefits: medical center on site, 401k match up to 6%, Christmas and thanksgiving week off. Good salary, good stock compensation
benefits, the company brand, people who i work with
good pay, nice atmosphere, and okay work buddies
Work was always challenging and fulfilling. Co-workers, through their actions, are focused on making this company one of the best in the world.
You will meet some of nicest and most creative people in the tech industry.
You will meet some of nicest and most creative people in the tech industry.
Opportunity to work in world widely used company.
The people you work with are life long friends.
Benefits are amazing. Working with like-minded people. Get to stay current with technology.
One of the best retailers to work for
The benefits are awesome, The people you work with are amazing.
The compensation are good. Let's face it it a job. You go there mainly for paying the bills and for that it serves its purpose. Other that that, the company is always checking new technologies and that gives you the chance to experience new technologies. You should be in the right place at the right time though. People I worked with were very professional and also great people. A lot of them are my friends outside working hours
Competitive workplace, latest technology, strive for perfection, lots of deals and great benefits and as long as you know your stuff, your customers will love you.
i get discounts on new apple products like the iphone 7
If you are going to work retail, you might as well work for the best. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the fruit stand. The values and lessons you learn are applicable to any future job profession
Great team, pretty good benefits. Work from home. Lots of love from the development community.
the pay is good and so are the benefits
The pay is pretty good.
Apple is a tough place to work, but it definitely is one of the most satisfying, rewarding places to work as well. There is a standard of excellence that I have not seen at many places. You also get to work with incredible teams and individuals.
Tuition aid, great healthcare, flexible schedule, discounts on products, employee stock purchase program, diverse workplace, progressive values
Fun place to work at.
Excellent company to work for.
Great company culture, experience working with people of different backgrounds, great pay
Great adaptive environment, INFJs will flourish here as there are always new challenges, great part time and full time benefits, not pressured to sell or meet a quota, excellent onboarding and training experience
Benefits especially maternity/paternity leave are amazing! They also give you great training before you are out on your own on the floor.
Great culture, brand, benefits. Valuable insight and knowledge of how Apple functions and excels in their industry.
You work with some of the best people you will ever work with. Everyone in the place really cares for each orher
Constantly learning from some of the most amazing people I've ever met. They really want to share their knowledge and help you to become proficient.
Great products to sell and nice management. Discounts on amazing gear.
Meeting new people everyday and finding out what makes them unique all within your 10-15 interaction is an amazing experience. Management and the team are always so cheerful and friendly. They all support you with anything and everything that you do and they all want you to succeed at your goals both personal and professional. Fantastic work/life balance as they try to accommodate you for the things you have to do outside of work, like having a life!
Amazing people are hired. Leadership is fantastic (maybe I've been lucky with the two stores I've worked in). No commission so you aren't pressured to oversell someone. Company has a genuine interest in making the best products for the world and you know that working for them.
Once a direction is communicated teams are fast to react to deadlines
Great company to work for. Working from home was awesome. They provided tons of training which helps. Additionally, every manager that I've ever had has ALWAYS been super supportive and invested in my growth as an advisor. Lots of room for advancement. They pay really well and the perks are pretty awesome!
You work with a greatly diverse group of people. Excellent benefits. You will meet some wonderful customers whose life stories will touch you deeply.
Been with the company since before Steve passed and I've seen a few changes from within. Benefits for medical are amazing, you seriously won't beat it. Lots of free software and discounts on third party items in addition to Apple products. Fairly laid back environment regarding the culture, depending on your leadership team of course.
Apple takes time and money to invest into their employees
More fulfilling than Specialist Role
Good pay, co-workers, and overall working environment
Adquisition of great skills. Excellent training.
Apple at home is cool if you dont mind a straight 8 hours with non stop calls. Set hours but days vary. Set one weekend day to work. Open communication with managers, great incentives. I got 1 $100 gift card and another $25 gift card. Free pizza coupons. Weekly meeting. Open chat with coworkers. Pay was good. I started with $11 ended with $12 in less than a year. 35 plus hrs with options of overtime. adequate training. 1 hr breaks during 7 wk training. 30 min breaks during production.
Everyone I work with is very good at what they do.
Salary and overtime pay - Dental - health -
Work at home, Provides all equipment, Very supportive Team Leaders. Tools to make customers issue correct readily available.
Work from home. Company provides the equipment. There is a very good insurance program even for part time employees. Lots of variety
Amazing benefits including fitness reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation subsidy (public transportation allowance). Flexible schedule if you are part-time. They hire the best people, you will meet many creative professionals with amazing skills you can learn from.
Opportunity to learn new technology and skill sets.
Wonderful coworkers, great compensation, fantastic discount.
Great place to work, always challenging,
You get to play with the technology. If you can survive retail at Apple, you can get a job in ANY other retail environment easily. Profit sharing is nice.
Benefits Co-workers fast paced company culture design of stores
All it's cracked up to be.
Great, positive environment working with some of the most talented people in the world! Amazing Agents, Team Managers, and all levels of management, up to the Business and Director level. Your career is driven by you and there are so many opportunities to develop if you are willing to put the time in to be the best.
great work place to work
- Coworkers are a pleasure to work with. - Schedules are somewhat flexible. - Facilities are great, especially the gym.
Pay, benefits, overtime, management, people, and culture.
Pay, benefits, overtime, management, people, and culture.
Excellent benefits, wonderful coworkers, and the chance to genuinely make the world a better place all combine to make Apple a worthwhile career experience.
Stable company, good benefits, lots of internal opportunities, clear org structure
A plethora of discounts and benefits, as well as great healthcare.
The best reason to work at Apple is to become an engineer at the facility and making some of these best products they have to offer for the people
Good pay and perks, and holidays
Apple's company culture is like no other. As an employee, I always felt like I was working toward something greater than myself. Our technology changes lives and I experienced it first-hand. On multiple occasions I taught customers how to use their technology to connect with others whether that was through FaceTime or through using VoiceOver to type an iMessage. What I did mattered and really made a difference. It's hard to find that in other companies.
Apple is a great company to work for, and I mostly enjoyed my time. There are a lot of great people, and the whole company seems to share a sense of purpose to create great things. The general m
It was a great working environment, fast paced, tons of training opportunity. Working near the corporate headquarters also had the benefit of seeing cool corporate employees who came into the retail stores once in a while
You'll have a chance to work with some of the smartest people to ever walk the face of the earth. Creating WOW moments for customers every single day is probably the most fulfilling part of the job!
Great culture, products, team, management, vision etc. I couldn't have imagined a better place to work while I was in school.
incredible people, good benefits, competitive pay
Some of the best co workers and overall people you'll ever meet. Great Benefits , Great Perks.
I enjoyed it there. It was awesome. Loved apple swag. Good hours, especially during releases. I was happy there.
Teaches some good foundations on professionalism, working with a team, interviewing, etc. Managers tend to be really down to earth and approachable. Great benefits and very flexible hours if you are in school or working another job. Coworkers tend to be really creative and friendly.
Decent pay & good benefits. Awesome co-workers
It opened the door for me to work for other tech companies.
Disccounts given to employees every three years
pay and flexible hours awesome stuff
It's Apple. It's very prestigious, and you're going to be proud of the work you do.
I feel that Apple has the most dedicated and proficient group of employees that I've ever seen at one company. The work was interesting and the people were friendly. Plus, you get to contribute, in your own way, to producing the world's finest products.
The apple culture is unreal the co workers are great and discount are decent.
Amazing benefits, competitive work environment, Apple culture, long term stability due to the constant innovation by the company in relation to world markets.
Good salary, work hard . Learn a lot
Apple takes incredible care of their employees. Great Benefits.
Bright people, some very idealistic and driven, great diversity. Generally high flexibility in self organizing and high accountability for employees (people get demoted or fired if they don't deliver what is expected of them).
General package, regular benefit
Amazing benefits, convenience of working from home
Diversity among workers, exposure to different people from all walks of life. Great networking opportunities.
Great company, amazing benefits, good culture...everywhere except SPG
Great company, amazing benefits, good culture...everywhere except SPG
Pay Benefits Working from home Provided all equipment
great training flexible management top of the line benefits great coworkers, even though you might never meet them
flexible, good pay, yearly raises
Great place to work for college students
Flexible hours, College reimbursement for part time and full time, Apple 401k, sick days for part-time but sadly no vacation.
You learn something everyday. Work with great people, including management. Do an outstanding job and it is easy to move up or around the company. Great benefits
No slacker here. Everyone work really hard.
You get to work with great people. The culture is great as well- you are treated with respect.
Good Salary, smart people, challenging work
You can Work from home You receive a Apple computer sent to you for working Gain experience with trouble shooting
Great benefits (Vacation, Extra Time off, Medical), DIscounts, Good pay. Stocks.
Great perks and discounts for Apple everything
Exciting atmosphere. Company really wants to take care of its customers.
Runs like a start up
The pay and the benefits are great.
Teamwork Benefits of a large company Fast paced, well-driven atmosphere Excitement and enthusiasm is part of the teams culture Resume builder
Super convenient, you get to remotely at home, they send you an iMac to use (you have to return it though), and you get decent discounts on Apple products (25% off).
Great benefits. Awesome support system from Managament and tier 2 experts. Flexible schedule based on performance. The ability to gain experience in other departments with the possibility of permanent placement is awesome.
Family oriented, positive, flexible, relaxing, fun, benefits, reimbursements, discounts, people, honest, integrity, leadership, development, caring, sincere, pay, colleagues, remote, fair.
Family oriented, positive, flexible, relaxing, fun, benefits, reimbursements, discounts, people, honest, integrity, leadership, development, caring, sincere, pay, colleagues, remote, fair.
Great place to work. Work life balance reasonable.
Good Benefits, competitive environment, good room for growth. You will usually have a great time of people to work with.
It all comes down to the team/manager, but if you find a good one (really feel them out in the interviews) it can be an amazing experience.
Great people to work along side with. Great Benefits. Best retail environment. Ability to learn lasting social skills.
Great team. Discounts on products. Opportunity for growth
great benefit, and work life balance
Pretty much everything accept the cons.
Apple really takes care of their employees. The benefits are fantastic and the culture is very welcoming and focused on your growth as an individual at the company. I worked in the retail end of apple and I really enjoyed working with my co- workers. The only reason I left was because the working in retail can take up a lot of your free time and the hours can be crazy sometimes, but as a company,Apple is pretty great.
Job protection, flexible, great training, ability to move up in the company very very fast, working from home is great
Great place to work. Work life balance reasonable.
Convience, flexibility around school schedule and opportunities to work at the store.
Lots of flexibility, management treats you well, coworkers are great to work with, and there are lots of benefits even for part-time employees.
balanced work and business visibility
The team was so helpful! I had one-on-one meetings with each of my team member every week. If I had any problems, they would sit one-on-one with me for hours trying to fix it.
Open and relaxed work environment. The best!!!!
Salary, Bonus, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Product Discounts for personal purchases and for Friends & Family, Retirement plans
Great team, culture, and steady pay
Always keeps you on your toes
Stable job, smart coworkers, and interesting challenges
- Extremely flexible hours and work attire - Lots of perks and bonuses - Decent subsidized food - Beautiful campus and location - Lots of different people to work with
Good company where to growth
Benefits are amazing Pay for a retail environment is great Amazing coworkers
Great company to have on your resume. promoted in under a year, very competitive wages, constant training, really decent benefits.
great work environment and coworkers
Great pay rate Great insurance Good teams
Great fun enthusiastic eviorment to work at. Great fun co-workers.
Great benefits! Apple provides a great 401K match and allows plenty of chances for OT pay
a lot of pros that included a great work environment
Fast paced learning environment, forced to learn skills in customer service, time management, and technical skills that you may not get elsewhere. Surrounded by passionate coworkers of all ages and skillsets.
Discounts, benefits and the people you work with. Very laid back style of work, no commission, so it's easy to be genuine. I don't know what else you'd like to know, I think I'm done here
People are nice, they are friendly and cool to be around. Everyone is every knowledgeable. They know all the products inside out.
The work is really easy and the training is really good.
Once of the best place to start your career with
High pay for part time if management sees flexibility they call you in frequently for more work but it could change in the following week not consistent.
Best benefits I've ever had of any job. And perks out the wazoo. Work culture is very liberal and laid back. Pay is very competitive for the industry.
Great retail environment and the talent that is in Apple retail is AMAZING.
cCool workers, pretty relaxing place to work if you are younger
paid time off is generous for corporate employees, training, visibility of store management, environment is stimulating, retail allows 15 minutes breaks every 2-2.5 hours,
Work with the smartest, kindest people ever, with a management structure that tries to support you. Lots of benefits, stock options. Corporate truly seems to care for your well-being
Fast growing company, good benefits
Fun environment and meeting interesting costumers.
People, passion, fufilling, opportunity, and benefits.
Open environment, some room for growth within company
Benefits, Culture, Co-Workers and also the overall focus of the company with respect to the greater good
For the most part this is a very relaxed and comfortable retail environment. Benefits are great and the ability to improve is possible
-Fast-paced so it's never boring -Opportunity to learn a lot -Opportunities to intern (sort of) for Corporate positions that can expose you to the right people/teams -Discount incentives -You will work with some of the greatest people from all walks of life -Helps you with time-management and dealing with regular changes in your job/workplace
A different experience for the career. Learn something new
Pay, Coworkers, other Benefits
Great pay, Great team, Great leaders, Great perks, Great benefits.  I worked at Apple Store for 9 months at a busy suburban mall. There were always new guests to interact with and new challenges to face.  The pay is great. The co-workers are super helpful and kind. That's just the environment of working for Apple. The management team is so professional and relaxed. Always ready to help, assist, lead, and train.  The perks for the Apple products are excellent. The benefits are like no other company and available for part-timers as well.
Amazing benefits and the people you work with are like a second family. Managers are very invested in your personal and work development as well
Positive culture, good teamwork, extensive training
Discounts, paid time off for part time, and many more
Great people, great benefits, discounts, pay is alright for retail I guess, good insurance, 401k and stock options.
401k, product discount, awesome managers and co-workers
Dynamic programs keeps you on your toes all the time. There are waves where the work load is huge, but then there are respites as well.
BEST company to work for. Awesome benefits! A lot of opportunities for advancement. Making a difference every day. Best part about my job is the people that I work with!
Good pay, great benefits, You feel like you're legitimately helping people.
great culture and learning experience! i enjoyed my time here.
Working at Apple you get great hands on training with the latest products that everyone will be wanting.
Family feel/dynamic Great people culture Working for one of the best tech companies in the world Looks great on any resume when it comes to applying for other jobs
Pay, higher than other retail on average Large teams High levels of responsibility Challenging work environment Highest standard for customer experience
Great learning opportunity and supporting colleagues
-They encourage you to grow -they value your employees -they help educate you- more focused on person and their experience than product
I had the opportunity to work for a worldwide renowned company such as Apple. I am Italian but I got hired for the German area as a "German Speaking Technical Support Advisor". In the end I gave up since I realized I was not able to keep my concentration for hours speaking all the time over the phone German to German (as well as Austrian and Swiss..) clients (and simultaneously entering in english all notices and information given by the customers into the system) even though my level of German is advanced. Overall it was a great professional experience, no doubt!
Opportunities for growth and learning. Great managers and co-workers to work with.
As far as retail jobs go, management does care about you as an employee (for the most part). Benefits are top notch. Fast paced work environment.
Fun people good benefits
Fast paced, good company that teaches a lot of life skills that are difficult to gain elsewhere, Apple employees seem to be looked at in higher regards when applying for other companies. I recommend working here only due to the fact that I developed skills at Apple that are useful everywhere that I couldn't have learned anywhere else.
Co workers and benefits are great at this company.There are many benefits that you have to figure out on your own, but if you do, there are some really great things you can find.
Good Coworkers Great benefits Great customers
I work at home for Apple doing technical support for iOS, Mac, and wireless multimedia. It is such a great job, a lot of autonomy and they are always teaching us new things. Even working from home, I feel bonded with my teammates. And working in pajamas isn't so bad!
I loved working for Apple at the retail level! I held many different titles and enjoyed all of them!
Apple has really great Values and lives by them.
You gain knowledge and training on Apple Products and team building opportunities are endless. Constant Customer Service and access to resources
You learn something new everyday and you work with a very diverse group of people. Everyone is willing to help and the work environment is fun. Good job to gain experience in customer service and the tech industry.
Transparent managers and a fun virtual environment
Great place to work About you type of job One on one time with customers
Great company with stories history
Salary is decent, benefits are good.
Nice pay Great benefits I suppose
Culture of doing things right
It's a great company to work for awesomebenifits
- Great managers and coworkers - Awesome benefits -work/ life balance
Great hours, busy job, never bored. I had great coworkers and the environment was always positive.
Interesting characters who were contractors around my age (post college grad). Met some good friends and also met some lazy/clueless idiots.
Great environment, great people, great benefits, fun to continually learn and be around the best products.
Great deals and most of the people you work with have the same passion for technology.
There are always new systems or programs to master as the technology landscape even at a retail store doesn't stay the same for more than a few months. Discounts abound for a wide variety of 3rd party products and of course Apple products as well.
Most of the people are great, it is a great place to work if you want to relocate to another city, as there are apple stores almost everywhere
Apple Retail offers decent pay, comparatively, in its industry. There are also a lot of perks and benefits that Apple employees get, whether they're in Retail or Corporate. The company culture is pretty accepting and affirmative of diversity among its employees.
Best company in the world.
Great program where you learn lots of different things and every day is different. You truly get a broad sense for all the different roles in an apple store and get a good taste for if leadership in the company is right for you.
Amazing culture/Great benefits  Beautiful/State of the Art facilities
Personal development, competitive pay, hours
Fellow employees are great and the overall culture is fantastic
- Many interesting internal (paid) internship opportunities - Fair wages (compared to most retail) - Everyone is treated equal - Minimal political BS - Gossip is frowned upon - Takes the open door policy very seriously - Most of the management team are amazing - The entire store claps as you walk out of the store on your last day - Realistic expectations for sales, quotas, etc. - Amazing work/life balance. They respect your time - iPhone launches are a fun experience for the entire store - Very family like
Company is great with benefits and laid back Great management Nice peers Everyone is on your side
- Free Jolly Ranchers and/or Life Savers at the reception desk. - Free drip coffee and distilled water. - Free dinner (compensation for no paid overtime)
Great product and focus on the best product and user experience. You will work with great bright people.
Great company, nice people, good salary. I would really be happy to work at Apple, but my temporary position was maternity leave coverage.
apple is a very good company to work onnn....
Awesome Company and very chill people
Awesome Benefits, Amazing Culture, reasonable perks and discounts. Educational environment
You get to meet other companies and learn about technology - that's it.
Awesome work environment from home, and your co-workers are all top-notch. It is a very competitive place to work, as I mentioned, the cream of the crop employees are all working their hardest to advance.  Having said that, all management is on your team, and they will work with you to get you to where you want to be within Apple. They promote from within, and will guide you to get to your dream job.
The job was alright, nothing super special. Be careful with your other workload. They expect a lot. It will put your mind to the test
So many benefits,place is so nice
I really liked working with smart, creative and motivated engineers. I felt like the first level engineers all worked together very well and got a tremendous amount of work done in an incredibly short time. I'm missing working with them. It will be a good career memory. Pay and benefits are excellent. I also enjoy the whole Orlando area.
Laid back environment and a relatively nice iterations with other departments
Great benefits Awesome people to work with Apple trains and educates in many valuable ways
You have a job. You work 40-80 hours as anemployee. Health Benefits, 401K, Stock Options, Student Loan Payment Program, Discounts, Occasional opportunities for advancement
Great benefits, company to work for, lots of room for growth, excellent training, work from home.
Get pay starting out and fun environment to work in.
Benefits - employee discounts - helping frustrated customers. Management looks to hire nice people first. Tech savvy 2nd. And that is a very good thing. The company values our customers.
The Apple intern experience seems to be different depending upon your team. From my perspective, the engineers are brilliant and offer an extraordinary amount of their time and energy to help you succeed. Teams are small and seem to operate more like a start up than a big corporation. I would absolutely recommend working at Apple.
Being able to work from home
Apple is a good company because it treats its employees well and provides excellent pay. The culture is also a good thing because the technology industry is on the rise.
Okay pay and benefits, company is socially conscious, exciting and challenging work. It's an okay place to work, relatively speaking for the Bay Area.
Great pay and benefits for a retail position. Highly diverse work environment with good people. Experiences offered to retail employees for working at the corporate offices.
People talk about company culture all the time and Apple is one company that sooner or later enters into the conversation. While some people say they were offset by that internal culture, I found that it brings out the best in me. Getting hired here has sharpened my skills beyond what I believed to be possible in a year and can anticipate only the same in the years to come. Hands down the most diverse/dynamic team one can be a part of.
the support from my managers is incredible. they really do listen, and they really do want to help.
get pay great colleagues and cutting edge tech
Great benefits, good company, good people
Nice shirts, air conditioning , tap water seemed filtered. Not much dust and the lighting was bright.
They take care lf there employees
Everything. Pay is decent for sales consultant. Management is competent, diverse, and honest. Coworkers are enjoyable, cultured, and familial. Opportunity for advancement is encouraged.
Awesome exposure to different parts of the Finance organization. Great place to start if looking to launch into Operations, Marketing
Brilliant and creative group of people with lots of drive and integrity
Great benefits. Discounts. Dynamic personalities.
Good environment and workload. Had fun.
A++++ team, sales training is top notch.
401k match, health, vision and dental plans, stock purchase plan, stock grants, health Reimbursment Tuition Reimbursment and more blah blah blah
If you really want to move up, you can under the right manager. The culture for the most part is a pretty good one and as an At-Home Advisor, you don't have to worry about crowds or multiple customers at one time.
-Working from home - No commute is awesome -Opportunities for advancement but only so far -Pay is really good - yearly raise potential -Amazing insurance and affordable plans - health, dental, eye -Vacation opportunities -401 K Options -Stock Program -Discounts on products
Flexible schedule Training is awesome Being at home
Great team. Seriously, they definitely hire people that are made to work together. Everyone got along so well.
Great pay and benefits for a retail job. Health, vision and dental insurance packages, sick pay time, vacation etc. Pleasant and outgoing coworkers.
Ever changing product, wonderful people to work with, beautiful physical environment, many options for professional and personal growth.
Absolutely wonderful company to work for. Management is great - there is some micro-management but not too much, benefits are awesome and having Apple on your resume is something to be proud of!
Flexibility, free laptop if you earn it by meeting the requirements, great customer interaction experience, sales training in Cupertino, experience working for a top company in the world.
great company, fun to work with all the products
The people were supportive and friendly. It was great helping customers learn new ways to improve their lives.
The corporate benefits are great. Tuition reimbursement, discounted stock options, medical, product discount.
No ego, room for movement, pleasant working environment
The pay is good. The people are amazing. The perks are wonderful. The company means well but not sure how to deal with the changing sales volume which causes chaos.
Contracts have a possibility of getting extended.
Great People, Great Benefits, Place a high importance on development.
The company produces interesting products. The stock market has valued them highly.
Generally a fun place to work, the benefits are great for part-timers, and co-workers can be pretty great too and easy to get along with.
all the usual benefits everyone raves about.
Great medical benefits that are very inexpensive, good discounts off products, extremely competitive salary, cool to work from home, they provide all equipment for you to work, and provide a small stipend for the necessary internet access to do your job.
-Amazing benefit for both F/T and P/T employees. -Great work experiences and looks good on a resume. -Get to work with some of the most diverse and talented people you will meet not even just at a retail store, anywhere.
you get to test some of the products or have
On the job learning and great discounts! Great benefits!
The benefits are incredible! Whether you are part time or full time you receive the same benefits. Met some of my best friends because of the company!
Great Culture, Great environment and team development.
It was fun and had good timings
The only good thing about this job is that you work from home. And the benefits are really good. Pretty terrible job though.
Laid back atmosphere, great coworkers. Gym onsite, cafeteria onsite. A lot of parking. Fun events. Loved working here a lot. More educated type of clients than other companies I have worked for.
Apple provides a environment with amazing learning potential and a ton of perks. Benefits are fantastic and 401k match is just as good.
Great company and amazing benefits overall. Competitive pay for level of position. Would work there just for the employees.
Could not ask for a better place to work! The right place to be if you're smart and engaged. Awesome leadership.
Apple is an amazing company. The benefits are outstanding and your team and manager really care about you, as a person, and how you are doing. You are graded on meeting a certain criteria of stats on your calls, but are always given tips on how to get there.
Great benefits and people. Offices are outstanding and cafes have great selections for all meals.
The name of such a well respected company on your resume can open doors for future opportunities.
Benefits are great. Opportunities to learn technology are always available to you. The people you work with are the best.
Excellent benefits and perks, relaxed but professional environment, mostly employs people that fit the company's vision/value system
Great company, great people, great benefits.
great management staff that listens
Incredible Innovators and fast paced.
Decent benefits (health/vision/dental/commute/holiday shutdown, matching 401(k)/ESPP/stock) Employee discounts on Apple/Beats products (ESPP) Fairly flexible telecommuting options (but restricted to exceptional cases) One big pro used to be the people, but (see cons)
Dress Code, strong coffee, casual environment
Excellent work environment as you get to work from the comfort of your own home. The people you meet and work along side (though strictly via video/text chat and email) are amazing! Everybody believes in fostering growth and enhancing your skills. The type of dynamic most folks have with their Teams and Managers is inspiring. Working for Apple made me realize a lot about myself in order to become a better person.
Great Work environment, Great pay and benefits
The owners of the company are family oriented. The hours are flexible, the work is always different. Wonderful health benefits.
To add to what everyone has said here, benefits/discounts/perks are fantastic. There's always something exciting and new happening. There's rarely a day where everything is the same. You pick up a lot of knowledge about technology and customer support that is really valuable. Management puts a lot of focus on helping you develop as a person. While I was there I was going through really though times for about my last 4 months with the company and they were more patient and understanding than I could have ever asked for. So work life balance is pretty well respected.
This is extremely the place to be at wd-c23
Fabulous products, really interesting and intlligent coworkers. Love being able to help people learn about their tech, whether mac, iphone, ipad or watch. Really amazing to see the apprehension turn into excitement. I have watched an 80 yr old send their first email, to his granddaughter, and when she responded, his joy was priceless. Using icloud, I have helped grieving families recover photos of their loved ones.
The benefits are good and you have job security.
Good stuff - keep up training
great company compensation & benfits great culture and values
Cool Technology Large Scale Projects Opportunity to Learn
Great job for during school, post school, Very few other places you can make 40K a year working sales or "help desk" with great benefits
The pay rates are more then fair considering it's retail
- Company is all about employee satisfaction - great character builder - awesome benefits
Great benefits, great people, great products. Great culture at times and you feel like you're part of something bigger. RIP Steve
Apple is a great company. They are incredibly friendly and supportive. They care about keeping people. There is camaraderie in working hard together as a team to change the world.
Apple leads the retail industry with dynamic customer service and care. Being a part of a team that shares values and ethics is what made me excited to go to work everyday.
Your work affects millions of users. You can show your friends and family what you did over the last year.
Great place to learn and develop skills in troubleshooting, tech support, customer service, sales. very strong team to be a part of due to talent level and creativity.
I love working there, and it truly is a great company. We've done some amazing things!
Support from management, above average pay, exciting atmosphere, great co-workers, working for a greater purpose (vision).
The pay is ok but it's a trade off. More money for less of a life of your own.
Good community of people that you work with. The company has really good benefits and discounts for employees.
Great product and work system
Awesome products and company! Too many wonderful things to say about Apple for the most part.
Great customer service experience being learnt.
Positive work environment. The benefits are very good for both full and part timers. Driven and determined individuals will move ahead.
Great office place and nice benefits. Lots of thing to break up the day and keep it real
World class customer service every day.
Great culture. Can be fun at times. Employee discount is a nice perk. Decent benefits all around, even for part time.
Good benefits for a retail position. These include fitness reimbursement, public transit coverage, reduced stock options, as well as tuition reimbursement etc.
Amazing work culture. Amazing products.
Great leave benefits, easy to set up.
Overall I love working here- I like the people, it's a nice atmosphere, and we get to put "Apple" on our resumes. It's really awesome to be able to work at Apple, and I could only imagine what it's like to be a formal employee.
Great benefits if you are full time.
Learned a lot from my peers, coworkers were the best and extremely smart. Customers were difficult and also fun and interesting.
the best and the brightest work here
Proactive good nice friendly
The pay is decent for a retail job.
Apple Maps is toxic. The head of the team is past executive at QUATTRO wireless the FAILED iAD startup. The team is very very toxic. The head of the team has his favorites from the FAILED IAD. Politics and favoritism is rampant. Maps itself is not profitable/good product and bringing in the failed executive of a failed QUATTRO is pulling down the group
Constantly learning Great people coworkers
The pay is really good for a retail store job. The benefits are very good with some things being pleasantly unexpected. The employee discount is great and includes friends and family discounts.
People, discount, culture, fast paced, and the learning opertunity.
Very accommodating to employees, great pay, great environment, come as you are
This is a fantastic team. Overall, everyone is engaged, enthusiastic, and ready to do a job most others wouldn't dare to attempt. Most of the team hangs out outside of work.  The benefits are great and they try to make sure you know how to take advantage of them.
-Good Brand -Good Learning Opportunity
Great 401k, Stock, and Health Benefits. Pay depends on role, gender, and location, but, for retail, is pretty adequate. You get to learn the basics of computing and troubleshooting which can lead to better jobs down the road. You have access to amazing resources for assistance and learning. The company has really listened to us and has given us more freedom with our scheduling preferences. Tuition reimbursement, discounts, etc. Managers and Leaders can vary but can be pretty amazing both personally and professionally (depending on your store and location).  Unless you're late, do not show up for work, show up drunk (not hungover), steal, or have unprofessional relations with supervisors or subordinates, you won't get fired ,)  Overall, it's the best company in the world and Apple has given me so much with asking very little in return. However...
An amazing opportunity. So many talented co-workers that share a common goal to enrich customers lives. Everyday was an enjoyable experience.
Great Teams, Extremely Talented. Great Benefits. Amazing Investment Opportunities.
You work with amazing people that have incredible backgrounds! There is a heavy focus on personal development and you feel that Apple really cares about making an investment in you.
This is a great company to work for
Great work environment culture, great people are hired
Great benefits and decent pay. Random apple swag every month.
Took care of employees through morale boosting "downloads" (morning meetings), complimented each employee with personally relevant feedback. They used to make everyone feel like an integral part, not a number.
Creating fantastic customer technology using a combination of old and new stuff.
Great working from home office
Very challenging and fast paced. There is always something new to learn. Management is very supportive and highly process driven environment.
Excellent pace, entrepreneurial, fast moving product development cycle. problem solving under uncertainty, Smart people around, Huge volume exposure, better benefits,
The retail store is a great place to start your career. The benefits are great plus you learn a lot of things that will help you advance in any part of your career.
Awesome people and opportunities - excellent connection with management
The company has a lot of Flexibility for completing work. Very good benefits and pay depending on what position you are working
Work from home. Apple provides a mac to work on. Extremely competitive salary.
Decent salary, great benefits, casual dress code, strong stance on workplace harassment, fair leadership structure. Stock options. I feel like I can get honest work done.
I like the fact that I can do part time here and go to school. It's just something to kinda help me get by in college which is nice. The benefits are amazing! Although i wish the discount on the products were a little bit higher. I learn every single day and there's always something new. You meet awesome customers who are constantly trying to hire you lol. The pay is pretty good FOR retail.
Great people and constantly learning from encounters with customers in the Family room.
Awesome place to work. Great boss, Great teammates, Great atmosphere.
Great people to work with. Professional and sturdy. Often felt like I was making a big difference in people's lives. Would love to work there again if needed.
There are some amazingly smart and creative people there that genuinely care about the work that they're doing. When you're part of a dynamic group that is all going in the same direction and focused on the same goal it's exhilarating.
Majority of co-workers were fond to work with. Upper management does adequately and is polite to employees.
brand, collaboration ,teamwork, local, salary
Apple Retail culture is people oriented which is very different from most of companies. You will be provided training on professionals that would help understand and get hands on your job very quick. Otherwise, personal development with soft skill training will be offered as long as you work well and ready to move forward. Communication is very efficient and ease. You could get the support from managers anytime.
Atmosphere, culture and friendliness of other employees
Culture is great, friendly people. Really caring about personal life and personal growth.
Great benefits, development opportunities. Corporate opportunities also exist for high achievement self-developers. Transfer opportunities for those that like to see the world.
It's very nice to be able to work from home, not having to leave home for work and better diet. At first it's very relaxing. There's descent opportunity for advancement.
Excellent employee benefits, great discounts, good interactions with peers and superiors, working from home, flexible schedules, lots of training to keep up with new products and services.
Interesting coworkers and flexible schedules
I loved working here. The people and the culture are great. You get a sense of working with friends and helping customers learn about the new products is always fun.
Fantastic company , challenging work, great coworkers!
It's a great company to be part of for camaraderie. Everyone is very sweet as employees and we all generally get along. Plenty of great compensation benefits for both full-time and part-time.
Discount, Hourly Rate, spending a great amount of time hands on with the product in most roles.
competitive atmosphere and flexibility in schedule
Good salary and bonus, shuttle bus.
The benefits and pay was awesome
great benefits, fast paced, you get to work with a lot of interesting people. You will learn about technology in fast paced environment, great pay for retail.
A very lovelyl place to study and make friends.
Fast paced, amazing co workers, good starting wage. Overall for a kid who started working thee at 18, it is very good money
- Working with some of the really smart people, learn a lot. - get to work on a product which is going to go on a million people's hands. Feels good
A good place to work if you're in college or just wanting part-time work.
The people you work with and Management are fantastic! Apple hires people based on personality opposed to experience...they can train you on the products but they can't make someone a good person.
Great people and really supportive work environment.
- Working with some of the really smart people, learn a lot. - get to work on a product which is going to go on a million people's hands. Feels good
Working for Apple in its retail department gave me a crash course in business. I didn't realize how valuable my experiences there were until I was studying for my MBA. Practically every management, marketing, HR, customer service, and sales topic covered in my coursework was already familiar to me. In my current career, I still draw on what I learned during my time with Apple.
great pay decent hours Great PTO & benefits
They offer great benefits & genuinely care about their employees health and well being.
Great Company, Awesome benefits, they will prepare you for a career beyond Apple. Some of the smartest people you will ever meet. You'll love the work you! If you work for Apple companies aggressively try to hire you :)
Great atmosphere, great employee compensation.
Health Insurance for Part-Timers (Dental & Vision), MTA Travel Stipend, 401k Match after 5 years, Stock Purchase Plan, Discount on Apple Products and other 3rd party affiliated companies.
- shiny happy people all around - Apple tries to provide first-tier benefits - you have the chance to work with products you love
The company celebrate the individual, and really attempts to provide a good environment for growth.
A lot of opportunity to develop your skills in a more professional environment. The benefits are great for either full or part time. Great first job out of college. NOT a traditional retail environment.
The atmosphere and values that the company upholds are desirable . The staff are highly invested in each others future.
Plenty of Benefits, Health Insurance, 401k, discounts on Apple Stocks
The people who work for Apple are some of the brightest and best people I have ever worked with. Leaving Apple was the hardest things to do because of the people who work there.
Apple has a unique culture and an astonishing commitment to excellence in product and customer experience. I started my career with them before there was an iPod and I've seen the company grow because of these commitments.
Tons of great training to get you into your role. The benefits are amazing and Apple goes above and beyond to take care of its employees.
very good and really nice people
Excellent benefits, Amazing work environment, great managerial staff, constant training. They really care about their employees in every way. I definitely recommend to work for Apple.
Excellent Part-Time Benefits, Decent Retail Hourly Wages, Opportunities for Growth.
Apple care specific- working from home is fantastic pay and benefits are unmatched many many good managers
Get to work from home
Dedicated and passionate engineers who are very knowledgeable and love to mentor and share their experience with other engineers.
-flexible schedule -benefits -work from home
Great people, management, store and environment. Very supportive in providing mentorship, knowledge, training and overall skills to perform your job.
They invest into not only your work development but personal development as well.
Pros of this job included great pay, great benefits and awesome discounts! If you are great with troubleshooting and technical support, and would like to work from home...this would be the perfect fit for you! You're provided with a work iMac and iPod, and have your own email and messaging system to keep in contact with your team manager and colleagues. Regular team and one-on-one meetings via Blackboard.
Work at home. Company sends all equipment. Good pay and benefits
Great Benefits-- Educational Reimbursement. Colleagues are great people.
Awesome company. Wonderful work environment. Great team to work for.
Nice workstation & office space. Affable coworkers.
Company definitely listens to its employees. Company emphasizes on customer experience, makes you feel very empowered knowing you get paid well to provide the best customer experience
great people and good benefits
decent pay for a retail job amazing, incredible, brilliant coworkers relatively easy/chill job you can wear whatever you want
Benefits, pay, great people, cutting edge of tech on occasion
I did have a work life balance with he group I was in.
The facilities, the people, the environment and products are one of a kind.
Work with incredibly talented and intelligent people who care a lot about what they do and how well they do it
Helps you develop great skills as far as multi tasking and working under pressure.
The benefits and salary are the best you can hope for at sub-management in a retail store. Team is generally made up up smart individuals. Good opportunities to advance if you are a go getter.
Excellent Moral throughout the company. Excellent Training Program.
Great place to work, I worked for 6 years. It was an amazing company. Benefits were great. People i worked with were nice and easy going. Chilled out company because they have the best products
All my life I have cleaned and my mother always showed me the right way to clean!I am very well at cleaning hospitals and I take my cleaning serious, I just need the right amount of well check!I work very well so I should earn what I worked very hard for.Thank you.
Great environment, sparks creativity, and a company that you can definitely grow in. I worked on the retail side and it was very hit or miss by store. I loved the role I had, Genius, and I enjoyed working and growing for the company for 5 years.
The perks were AMAZING. Discounts on products, discounts on your phone bill, paid gym membership, tuition reimbursement.
Great benefit options are available.
- Great interpersonal training - great culture
It was a great experience, and i got to learn new things that benefited me in the future.
Pay is good, benefits are great, and I've never worked with a better group of people in my life. Apple really does attract the best people, and affords many opportunities to develop skills. Coworkers are skilled, friendly, and always ready to help. You are never looked down upon for asking for assistance or second opinion. Apple lets you develop your own style, and explore becoming the best version of your self.
Work from home, first time I've been expected to take actual breaks, great room for growth excellent training and continual change to keep from getting bored
Really good community of people. They do a really good job of hiring people who are passionate and hard working, which usually means people like being and work. Some of my very best friends have come from working for this company.
Growing opportunities Great management Awesome team work/ networking Training and trainers were great! Opportunity to work tons of OT The best: BENEFITS ($$ OFF from products)
Tons of Friends from work, benefits, discounts , always new technology and being cool, fast paced environment , tons of training
You get to interact with people from various cultures. Some of the benefits are good. You work with technology.
Great people. Great pay and benefits
Flexible with schedule during school times, competitive pay and benefits
Great place to work. Good pay for starting out.
Lots of training, great benefits, fast work pace, checks always on time, co-workers don't judge, resources available, free software, great chances to move up
Company culture respects and values their engineers. Competence is prized and rewarded. Collegial environment. Excellent compensation and benefits. Prominent company with good future.
- I love the fact that the company has a very intensive training program for the new hires, - Processes are very structured and clear making it easier to understand what's expected of you, - Benefits are great, - Work environment is great in most teams.
Well beside the Great Benefits it really is the people. Most stores a hired with like minded people with a lot of diversity. Pay is decent for some of the tenured players.
There's always something new and you work with people that inspire you.
competitive pay work from home options great benefits
Great benefits, Fellow Employees share a great apple culture. Product can sell itself!
Great company that takes good care of their employees
Great company with incredible benefits. The environment is of constant upscale pace and learning is constant.
Great benefits, lots of growth, job protection, great insurance
At home, nice ppl, talking to ppl and help resolve issues
• Amazingly flexible hours •Good benefits •Great Pay •Good leadership
Intelligence is appreciated and nurtured while treating customers with care and respect-and the freedom to solve problems with a sense of humor. No commission driven.
Great benefits, lots of growth, job protection, great insurance
Busy and lot of technical subject to learn
Great amazing people to work with and always being busy.
Great environment with a plethora of diverse talent! Great benefits and coaching/development in skills to not only elevate for interactions within store but in real life. As good as a job in retail could get!
Every co-workers are friendly and helpful. Even managers is friendly and supportive too! Great benefits such as employee discount on all apple products, stock etc.
Work with really unique and creative people. Great company atmosphere. Very clean and organized. Benefits are very good and schedule is more than fair for part time employees.
The people you work with including managers are awesome.
Full employee has all benefit as per the standard companies.Overall its not a bad company to work for.
The people are great. Everybody gets along well. The benefits are tough to beat and believe me I've looked other places and companies can not compete.
EXCELLENT management, flexible hours, great coworkers, great culture, thorough paid training, 401k & stock options as PT, discounts on some Apple products (NOT IPHONE THOUGH), get to see new iphones first
Apple is a company that celebrates diversity, and provides very competitive pay. Benefits begin when you get hired, unlike most companies where you don't get insurance or start earning paid time off until you've worked there 90 days. Additionally, since it's an at-home role, they also add compensation towards your internet service, since it's required for the role.
Apple is an outstanding company to work for as they truly want their employees to be happy and thrive. In my 5 years with Apple, I was able to learn new things while still working hard to complete internal projects, I was able to travel and feel that I was well supported by product managers, product leads and my individual team members.  The company demands a lot from it's employees, but rewards them by providing a great work life balance.
Very fun people to work with
hours go buy well because of both how many customers come in and how socially driven the apple coworkers are. Great benefits too.
Working at Apple is a dream. I was happy to be a part of Apple
Great Benefits Ethical and Inclusive culture I can see proud of Challenges me to be the best version of myself I can be every day Surrounded by dedicated and hard working peers A company that is very open new ideas and change, regardless of your role in the organization
Room For growth, data and resources abound
Benefits were above amazing. Very affordable for larger families.
Very good place to work from home.
Great Benefits Ethical and Inclusive culture I can see proud of Challenges me to be the best version of myself I can be every day Surrounded by dedicated and hard working peers A company that is very open new ideas and change, regardless of your role in the organization
Room For growth, data and resources abound
Benefits were above amazing. Very affordable for larger families.
Great Company really care about the employees. Good benefits and work life balance. Must be able to work with people who struggle with technology. This can be challenging.
You work with great people and great customers supporting great products. Excellent health care, cafeteria is gourmet, employee stock purchase plan.
Fast-paced, energetic environment, constantly changing, access to Apple's excellent products, excellent training opportunities for technical support and learning. Large teams, always others around to support.
Excellent benefits, discounts, paid sick leave and paid vacation time (I actually don't think I can be off in any capacity and not be paid, which is nice).
Amazing company to work for. The benefits alone were enough to keep anyone satisfied. My management team was very engaged and incredibly helpful. I was a part time employee in their college program and absolutely loved it.
Fun work environment, managers listen to their staff.
Benefits are good. Thats the only pro about the job.
work from home decent pay stock options
I found nothing of any value while woking there.
Great job! Treated well by the Apple Family!
Great benefits for part time
- Get to work on cool products, one of kinds (first iPad) - Learn how to be customer focused no matter what part of the company you are in - Challenging but rewarding work culture. They throw real hard problems at you and you have to figure it out. When you do figure it out and you see the product/feature being used by millions of people, its extremely rewarding - Some very smart people, engineering heavy, so as an individual contributor you can come up with ideas and implement them.
Good pay for retail sales and work environment can be really fun. Working for the best company in the world has a ton of benefits
Great environment for those who are looking for work in the retail field. The job has excellent benefits and incentives for its employees.
No other company like this, the culture cannot be described... almost like a cult, but in a great way. Everybody is very proud of their work and their company, lot of smart and capable people, has a slight bit of start up atmosphere amidst a gigantic company..... people respect you when you say you work for Apple.
Good people and everyone higher up seems very dedicated to the company and very smart, everyone is treated well and is positive.
Flexible schedule, easy to move up. Opportunities are based on performance. Your reviews are almost ENTIRELY based on customer evaluations. Lots of opportunities for hardware discounts and apple swag.
Working at Apple has been one of the greatest highlights in my professional career.
The company culture as a whole is great. The culture of the products and customer service seem to trickle down from the general culture of the company. Company discounts are excellent.
If you want to gain localization experience as an onsite vendor at Apple inc, please Apply!
Depending on your work schedule and time zone can make or break the job. The job itself is relatively simple. But being a hermit crab trapped in a corner of your home 5 days a week 2-11:30pm can take its toll. The pay and benefits are amazing.
Very flexible scheduling and great teammates and managers
great benefits and discounts and perks.
Employee product discounts Looks good on your resume
Great benefits! Everyone the company hires (for the most part) is a cool person, so you make tones of friends. The free food, gyms and awesome events are also cool. The discounts on products makes buying christmas presents easy and the pay was great too (considering)!
Learning great technology- working with co-workers that are up positive and have "soft skills"
Work from home. They send you Apple products to work with. Ok discounts.
Great food and corporate location. Some nice people
Good pay and good company
Emphasis on development. High quality coworkers. Some amazing customer interactions. Benefits are fantastic. Tech is terrific. Discounts can be good, but are mostly marginal.
all the great benefits that they provide
Secure, great benefits, made lifetime friends
What an environment. Apple hires spectacular people and they are so supportive of not only your work in the store, but they also care so much about your personal development.
They are a great company to work for with lots of development opportunities. They benefits are amazing!
Pay no other company can beat this pay. Lots of time off during a week. Training weekly, Offline time for about 45 minutes, weekly 1 on 1 meetings with manager, weekly team meetings.  Higher powers listen to employee demands and provide solutions to upcoming issues
You get to meet and work with some really amazing people. Discounts are nice, and they will work around your schedule. Tuition reimbursement really came in handy while attending college.
- Good Pay + Benefits
Hardware first company. Good for HW Engineers.
Great place to learn customer service. Applecare has been rated # 1 in customer service for quite a few years after all. Apple takes care of their own, and you get a lot of benefits. Co-workers were very nice. Okay pay. Nice employee discounts.
good culture, very nice people and team environment, definitely a pleasant place to work in and a lot of things to learn
good learning experience but a big team, evertyhing moves too slow
Good Salary, good benefits, equipment
Not open minded enough, when compare with Google and facebook.
Everything you might imagine about working at a company where the products you build are used and delight so many users around the world.
Work from home, great pay, great benefits, great extras because you are an employee. Fantastic opportunities to move up in the company.
Treats employees well and pays well, still an exciting company to work for.
You work with inspiring, intelligent people. You learn every day. Great discounts. Strong emphasis on feedback.
-Easy to work while in school, hours are in the evening/night after classes are usually done for the day -Great health/dental/vision benefits -Random free swag sent to you in the mail -Access to all of Apple's corporate discount programs -Get to work from home, no commute
You'll make some great friends, and have benefits.
Working for Apple was great. Competitive pay, great benefits, the company was awesome to work for.
Good pay and insurance Job has good security Company offers awesome dining experience Highly intelligent coworkers
Great Networking opportunities They are very big on volunteeringand creating opportunities to work within the community Good investment options and 401K plans Coworkers were fun to be around most of the time.
Benefits are greatly appreciated, interviews went well and they were accommodating from the fact I was moving
great benefits! take advantage of the stock plan and the roth 401k. you learn tons of people skills that are really important and portable to other jobs.
Business experience and high standards but great balance
Work from Home Decent Pay Benefits for a part time college kid Get to work with awesome Apple products Room for advancement though competitive
It's has a great culture, family atmosphere and awesome benefits. Fun work environment and lots of exciting new products to play with!
Lots of benefits relative to other Tier 1 / Tier 2 customer technical support. Wageworks benefit @$100 a month Healthcare with low premiums and co-pays with good HMO choices A bevy of discounts for items you probably can't afford on your hourly, Opportunities to learn other jobs at Apple Corporate or within Retail through the Career Experience programs.  Strong sense of culture and team. This was the biggest win for me. Very few layoff periods.  I'm still friends with mostly everyone I used to work with.
The pay and benefits are great, particularly for full-time employees. Paid time off, medical, dental, vision, substantial employee discounts, employee stock purchase program.
Decent pay, lack environment. Get to work from home.
tremendous fabulous awsome spectacular what ever you want to get you will get it there
- Incredible ongoing training - Opportunities to work in other Apple stores for on a "passport experience" - Amazing coworkers - Discounts or deals on products - On-the-job conflict resolution training - Very streamlined system
very good benefits, supportive leaders
Great place to work for the benefits and discounts.
Apple is a great company to work for, great benefits, good add on to a resume.
The company pays well and gives some benefits even to part-time retail workers. They are also somewhat flexible for students with schedule requirements.
People that work at Apple are amazing. Great Benefits for all types of employees. Fast paced environment year round no matter what location you are in.
You are consistently given new challenges, even at the retail level, and have the ability to change someone's life and perspective through technology. It is a rewarding job with good salary, phenomenal benefits and a great work/life balance.
Great discounts. Benefits. They try to implement a career path strategy to grow within the company. Atleast at first they will.
Great products Well-structured Open environment  It's great working for Apple. The culture is well-defined and they take pride in diverse backgrounds and personalities.
Benefits, smart and creative coworkers. Good pay.
Great employee benefits, incredibly talented and creative employees, Leadership that truly cares about its people.
Great company to work for, diverse. You can be who you are. Energetic, honest, open. I developed real friendships that I still have when I worked there. I never minded going into work because everyone was so supportive. Everyone is unique and that is celebrated. Plus the benefits are flipping fantastic.
World famous innovation project camp.
More time for school work after school activities etc
Great company. Hands down one of the best period! Leave and Attendence policy are very generous. The apple atmosphere is unlike any other.
very good company good manager good salary good work culture good management
very good company good manager good salary good work culture good management
You are trusted to take care of customers and be firm. Awesome training. Great jumping-off point for a career in customer service or the tech industry.
Best company I ever worked for. They really are a people company and they take care of the employees. Great health benefits,discounts on products, and overall a fun environment to work in.
Super Fabulous place to work
Great benefits and pay. Great commute alternatives. Holiday shut-down that doesn't cut into your vacation time.
One of the greatest companies to work for. Awesome benefits. Lots of perks and discounts. Several opportunities for various career fields. Always an opportunity for advancement.
I had a great experience with Apple
1. Best place to work 2. Gr8 upstream lead and supportive 3. Exceptional benefits with performance 4. Awesome team work
If you can get hired here, take it and run with it. It's an incredible place to work. You'll love it.
-Best benefits you are ever going to find -Consistant work schedule -Structured and easy ways to get time off -Ample support and training for position -(At my time of employment) RSU stock options -Excellent discounts across the board on a variety of different products, not just Apple tech
You learn so much about supply chain operations - Apple is the king when it comes to supply chain. If you want to learn about capacity planning, forecasting, logistics, retail store and online planning, and new product launches, Apple is the place to be.
Great benefits, hours for PT and FT, different positions with opportunities to do career experiences, tons of learning opportunities, large community of employees, both within a store and beyond, 2 days off every week, etc.
Great environment. Great coworkers. Great benefits. A fun atmosphere. Customers are great and really love the product. Enjoyable place to have to be.
401k matching is awesome, great benefits
Work from home with a rotating schedule every 3 months. Great benefits package, competitive salary. PTO / Vacation accrual is pretty fast as well.
An inclusive, casual work environment with a large amount of diversity and several branching career paths. Great incentives like discounts and company gifts that are employee-exclusive.
Best work of my life
Great work environment. Excellent benefits. Perfect place for self development
great life work balance, and benefits are amazing, managers really care about you
Very supportive, focus on skills that are needed in a professional environment (not just for Apple) through the Lominger competencies, applying feedback to all situations which allows for better communication, amazing benefits, and opportunities for development.
The diversity at apple is incredible. The people are of the smartest I have ever met.
Flexible work hours and convenient location
There are a lot of cool perks working at Apple.
The cafe is awesome, the offices are lovely all though a bear of a commute from south Austin. Co-workers and mid-level managers were all top notch, fun and Apple evangelists.
You have a tremendous amount of autonomy to achieve your work goals
-Great benefits, you are well taken care of with health, dental, and life insurance. -Employee Stock Program -Culture -Sense of purpose
Great environment to be in. The management team is one of a kind. I love the company and will recommend it to anyone.
Benefits are great! It's nice and convenient to work from home. The people are nice and training was thorough. On boarding was great and there is definitely room for advancement.
Great Team and Great Perks!
Great health benefits, especially dental.
Great people and environment. Much like a family environment.
Great company, pays well, highly qualified coworkers, exciting products
There's a lot of fun culture at Apple and great benefits. The people there are friendly and management really wants to see you succeed.
Great benefits. Great promotion opportunities.
Apple is one of the best companies to work for. Period.
Co-workers were awesome. Benefits were good and cheap. I really enjoyed my time with the company. Would recommend it to friends and family.
Benefits are amazing. Genius training is amazing. Pay is great for a retail store.
the people are simply amazing. I have never worked with a better group of people.
The company values diversity and creativity.
Overall great company to work for, the people, the staff, and the products are awesome.
Work from home, good pay and benefits, and excellent training
worked with an awesome team!
Quick paced fun evolving great company
The hourly rate is second to none in retail The benefits are the best I've ever seen The company culture is wonderful. People there are hired based on their communication skills and understanding of people.
OK benefits, people you work with are pretty cool.
You will learn so much working at Apple, I don't know where to start. It is sort of like going to a top university in customer service / sales if you're paying attention. Also, you get a lot of perks and discounts. I pretty much bought a maxed out iMac for only $900 ... almost 2/3 off? Free unlimited iCloud, Apple Applications.. etc. Lastly, they are very flexible about people taking time off.
Apple discounts for merchandise and awesome culture.
Good people, good bennifits,
strong culture and values that drive results
You are part of an incredible team, in an environment that encourages growth and feedback.
Home life balance Opportunity for advancement Always know where your stand Great training
Extremely hard working group, people always looking to create the best quality products
excellent benefits, amazing to be a part of for the last 5 + years
You learn a ton, and coworkers are great. Apple is a great company to work for
Apple is the gold standard of retail first and foremost. They offer great benefits and discounts towards their products.
The pay, considering that this is a retail job, is definitely higher than most/practically all other retail jobs. The benefits are good, and the teams are friendly and exciting. Obviously there's job security since Apple isn't going anywhere for a while.
Great company to work for
- Work along side incredibly bright people - Campus cafes are amazing - Really great benefits - Prestige of working for Apple. I mean, come on. It's Apple.
Unique, smart and interesting coworkers, amazing benefits.
Working for Apple was a great experience. I worked hard and learned a lot. The company also offers great benefits to part time employees.
Great benefits! Management is really great
Great benefits packages above average pay scale
-discounts are awesome -coworkers awesome -The pay is decent
Most Management is approachable and wiling to work with you. Amenities: bathrooms, gym, showers, cafe's, coffee are top notch. Generous sick leave and tardy policy.
Extensive benefits and great pay. Don't forget to negotiate your salary! You'll get almost the best training than any Apple Retail employee will ever have.
Apple is Apple. Great employees.
Great to be inside the most profitable company in history!
- Freedom to work from home - Great Benefits - Awesome company to work for
Very helpful trainers and management
Great company to work gor
Bring your energy and a smile, it is truly enriching
There is a strong commitment to personal development and career experiences to help you focus on particular competencies. There is also a substantial health plan and many incentives for full timers.
Interesting and mind-challenging work. Company shuttle to work, free dinner, free passport-unlimited membership, employee discounts.
great benefits, dependable company, competitive pay
The Education team is very passionate about teaching and learning. Many of the employees came from the classroom. Awesome hardware and software, great local resources from Apple to schools which are free. Great company for benefits and pay is good.
Challenging problems to solve. Surrounded by smart people.
Amazing environment. Strong incredibly motivated teams who all want to help their peers grow with them. Fantastic benefits and company values.
Work From Home Opportunity for Advancement
Great place to work part time. Lots of benefits with the free software and discounts. You also get a 10 minute grace period for being late and mandatory breaks.
Lots of training. Support from team. Open communication.
- Great Brand and lot of learning opportunities - Unique start up culture with high standards and high expectations - great stress on innovation
Smart people around to work with
Great way to get work experience while in college.
Great, GREAT people to work with. Very active, challenging, and fulfilling work environment. Constant development and self-growth opportunities.
It really is all about people. Both internally and externally. Your success is defined by the strength of the relationships that you make.
Working at an Apple Retail Store has taught me a lot about the technology world that we live in and the importance in the relations formed between the customer and their product and the people at the Genius Bar that are there to help. The people that I've met working here are also the best kind of people that you still keep in touch with after leaving your job. The management team was also very flexible in scheduling as a majority of my colleagues were all full time students working a part time job.
Straightforward work environment Great pay Great benefits Fun products to work with Company looks great on a resume Discounts on products
Good benefits. Great part-time opportunity. Unless you're looking for a career in retail I'd avoid full time work here.
You meet new people constantly and the job is low-stress. Perfect for college students.
Competitive pay, flexible schedules, educational work environment, strong core values, employee engagement, work-life balance
Competitive pay, flexible schedules, educational work environment, strong core values, employee engagement, work-life balance
fast paced and challenging environment
Very family oriented environment. Room for growth and major potential. Networking and great communication. Great benefits. Health care and dental care. Discounts.
They offer flexible hours, lots of training, and the managers where awesome. They offered a great experience for working in such a large company.
Flexible working hours and exposure to many aspects of manufacturing. Great experience.
good company organization great company culture, i felt connected with higher level corporate world we would recieve regular videos from Angela on the status of the company stocks & 401k for part timer! fairly paid for retail position
Really Great place to work!
Great connection with managers that genuinely care about your growth and comfort in the store. Great benefits and rich interactions with many different people throughout the experience.
The pay, the prestige, the resume bump.
fun people to work with
Excellent benefits, incredibly talented employees. Unlike most jobs, you actually can share your opinion and have your voice heard and through that, enable change.
The flexibility is pretty good, the people you work with are pretty competent, and the work is really exciting.
Management is actively involved in personal and professional development of all employees. They assign you a "Connection Manager" who reviews your progress regularly and gives you advice on where to improve.
Amazing culture created by the company.
Great benefits, comfortable uniform, great talent, caring leadership, and job security.
Great place to work and grow!!
-AMAZING benefits!! -Great culture in terms of technology immersion and opportunities to learn. -Did I mention the benefits? -Out of all the retail establishments in the world, this is by far the best to work for.
- decent product discounts, stock purchase program - decent benefits, vacation sick - stable job
Great pay for college students. You learn great sales experience.
Amazing benefits, great onsite cafe, gym, even doctor and dentist offices.
Good Pay I received 17.20hr in northeast Ohio at home job, awesome customers easy job
Awesome Benefits and great co-workers! Lots of added perks!
Wonderful time working for this company. Great opportunities.
Good salary, tech shuttles, opportunity to work at a a top company. It varies a lot team to team... On the right team with a supportive team, Apple can be a great place to learn, especially in product design.
Benefits, people, cafeteria, gym, proximity
Great products, highly motivated individuals who push the limits, great benefits
I have worked for the company for 20 years and it has been great. Great environment, great benefits and very good perks
Rewarding customer experiences with more opportunity on the horizon. Competitive pay scale based on location. Minimal experience required.
Very fast paced, with a wide range of projects to best suit you and your talents. Team is extremely smart, there is much to learn from them. Managing team was an amazing mixture of kind, smart and provide good mentorship.
Highly advanced company with a very competitive work environment. I would highly recommend for anyone to work here. Processes are tailored to productivity, and not cast in stone. All of which makes this is an amazing environment for someone who wants to create, learn, and innovate.
Paid high as a place
Employee discount, stock purchase program, 401K matching (100% after 5 years), relaxed dress code, onsite services (gym, doctors, dentist)
Great insurance benefits for medical and dental Cool people to work with Decent Managers Employee perks and benefits programs are great
Working at home is nice
The benefits are amazing! The pay is great also. There is room to move up if you work really hard. Leaders care about your personal development.
Full of opportunities for career development, great benefits compare to other retail stores. Wonderful and friendly people you will be working with.
Great opportunities to do different projects, fast pace environment, smart co-workers. Big brand recognition.
Good pay, good benefits, fun atmosphere, great team work. Good discounts, new technology. The business is geared toward helping community.
You can get a meeting with anyone when you call from Apple
Discount, fun employees, benefits for retail
Resource rich in funds and talent, lots of hours to interact and leverage synergies, work on all aspect of project and interact with the leadership and contributors
Apple takes it to the next level with all the benefits it extends to their employees, even those who are part-time! Frankly they don't actually distinguish between part-time and full-time when it comes to benifits. Work 20 hours a week in your PJs at home? 401k contribution match, stock purchase program, endless discounts, health, dental, eye, and life insurance CHECK! And the list goes on and on!!!
Flexibility in schedule, constant skills development, friendly and wise management, organized work structure: meetings, productivity evaluations, new tasks' assignments
Great atmosphere and very helpful with development. Helps teach the skills to succeed in either technical field or sales. Would recommend to anyone.
Good benefits for family and yourself (medical, dental, employee discount, time off). Good job if you want to work at home, but it has its drawbacks being outside of the main work environment (lack of work social interaction, miss out on job opportunities that may not know about) also see cons...
Easy getting the latest industrial information
Apple Inc as a whole is great. The culture is amazing. I had the pleasure of working for them for 5 1/2 years and over seeing the tech department in about 6 location. The people I got to meet along the way were great. I definitely felt like I had a wonderful work family. Another thing Apple did great was made sure their employee's were taken care of with benefits.
It is a constant, moving machine. The Apple Stores have customers pouring through their doors, and there is always someone to help. It keeps the workers on their toes and the money coming in! You always will have something to do, and are expected to keep up with the way the company trends.
Your coworkers, the way everyone gets along so well. It's your family but not your family. You will sometimes see these people more than your own family. So it is great that you can get along so well.
The full time benefits for part time workers and the felixble hours
Incredible employees, driven and focused, but super friendly.
Challenging .. Rewarding .. Out of the Ordinary
Decent pay, a lot of hours, full benefits including life insurance, a heavy employee discount, and discounts from other retailers. They payed for my summer classes in full,
The overall company mission is a fantastic approach for a company to have. It is something employees can be proud to be a part of.
Great team work. Welcoming to any new ideas. It is very flat in structure considering the size of the company. I worked in multiple locations in the company for more than three years. The similar culture throughout the company.
Nice culture. The pay is great and a lot of benefits. You get to meet a lot of interesting people.
-Great people -Good salary (for retail) -Discounts -Learn excellent customer service skills
Great discounts, day goes by quickly, awesome benefits overall.
Great products and company culture. Full of talented people.
Most dynamic retail environment ever
Good engineers, lots of work
-Great people -Good salary (for retail) -Discounts -Learn excellent customer service skills
Very customer Focused. Really good values system.
- Exciting work environment. - There is always something to be done. - Benefits are top notch. - Compensation is higher than most other retail opportunities.
Very flexible hours. Managers are very understanding and will work with you. Great company culture whether in retail or corporate
Great place to work. Coworkers are more like family. Environment is great to work in.
Great company to work for. Very caring people.
Great benefits and pay. Benefits are outstanding.
stocks purchasing options, good entry level options
Still a lot of smart people. Good pay/benefits. Mostly individual offices instead of open space.
Loved working there - awesome people.
Working at Apple was one of the best experiences of my life! You get to work with the most forward-thinking and innovative people while being able to creative transformational experiences for customers.
For years to come, the software awareness are assets to companies that hire you. Also witnessing other use the operating system all day and the training you can do and the teaching you get to do- fantastic
Some good technology implementations to work on. That is interesting and motivating. That is something that made em look forward to work with Apple.
Benefits Reputation of company worked with Salary
Excellent products and company! Management really cares about employees. Excellent on-boarding and training program.
Building relationships with customers, enriching their lives, and your fellow employees!
Good people, good benefits. For retail Apple is definitely the pinnacle and there are plenty of opportunities for advancement. You get out what you put in.
I had high expectations coming into Apple's corporate team and they blew those expectations away. I have been an employee for about a year now and I absolutely love it here.  * Working here, you will interact with some of the brightest, smartest, and most ambitious individuals in the IT industry. * It is a good feeling working on projects that will have such a large impact. Knowing that the work done at Apple will affect millions of people across the world was the original reason I left my previous employer and they have not disappointed. * Managers who actually care and make decisions based on the smartest possible direction (instead of just running on emotion or what their gut tells them) are refreshing to work under. * Attention to detail seems to be a motto across the organization. It is a beautiful thing knowing that Apple does not believe in releasing a product that they don't believe has been perfected. * Work life balance is actually not bad. I came into this job expecting the worse, but I feel that Apple is better than a lot of other companies in this respect. * I'm a big foodie and the food in the cafe is fresh and healthy with lots of options.
Great benefits for full-time employees
work from home is great but can get to me sometimes
Flexible, Good team and good management.
Great environment, OK pay.
The contract hourly pay kept me to commute 4-6 hours daily
The company treats employees very well. It offers generous discounts and plenty of opportunities to advance in the organization provided you put in the effort.
Good coworkers Training Fantastic benefits Doesn't feel like traditional retail
Pay, hours, ℅-workers and Fun work meeting activities.
The best part of being a Creative it working with the customer teaching them how to use their Apple products and also meeting new and interesting people all the time.
Insanely good benefits and amazing corporate culture. The pizza at cafe Macs is also delicious. They are thorough in their training and they have a serious attention to detail.
The team you get to work with is second to none for the most part. Excellent benefits and a variety of growth paths for your career.
The ability to work from home and make a decent hourly.
Benefits and Time off are by far the MOST impressive thing about working for Apple. When there's an illness in the family or you're sick, they definitely step up and take care of their own. The customers are mostly nice and fairly well educated people, however, you will get at least one person calling in a day that will try to make your job harder just because they can. Management is mostly awesome. I've met one or two people that can be a little too aggressive and impersonal. The pay is the best in the services industry, starting around $15 an hour for employees directly employed by Apple according to glassdoor. Also, as an At-Home-Advisor, you are considered corporate rather than retail. This has a huge effect I can't go into at the moment but it definitely makes a huge difference in what your job has to offer. Also, if you don't like one department, you can transfer to another department. You may have to wait a while for that transfer but you can get it. There's also a wide variety of further career opportunities to open yourself up for once you get into the fold. This is probably the number one reason people stick around at Apple for so long.
Get to work on Apple devices. It's always changing, so you won't get bored. Some of the best people work here. The cafeteria is amazing.
I've worked @Apple for almost 5 years. It is a very challenging place to work with. People around you are all talented and very smart. If you like to take challenges, it is the place. You can learn a lot about iOS/OS X knowledge depends which teams you are in. Opportunities along the career path varies between managers. Some manager really cares about the team and willing to growth with them. Some managers just don't care and treat team as labors.
Corporate Culture can be amazing. Lots of passionate people
Apple truly appreciates its employees and listens to our opinions and feedback. They do not cut corners on things that most retailers do. They will give you a Christmas present every year and will host forums for your development. They give you all the opportunities to improve yourself as a person and an employee.
Of all the places that I've worked Apple by far is the best. They really care about their people and moving up in the ranks really comes down to how hard you work. I work with amazing people and have always felt supported.
Interns do real work that has an impact on the company. Coworkers are super friendly and welcoming.
The people were great to work with. You will learn a lot from a progressive company
Great camaraderie, awesome creative people! Such a fun place to work, great benefits!
Good benefits, paid well for a college job. Good managers, they were always there to support and help you and grow you in your strengths and weaknesses.
The pros of working for Apple are the Benefits, Perks, and environment
Great culture, and great place to meet people
you can work from home.
Working with a great team of smart individuals
Great pay, great benefits, time off is great
Sales is not emphasized so there is a more friendly environment compared to other retail stores. There is good benefits, especially for part-timers, that other companies just cannot compete with.
decent pay, additional perks, exposure
Amazing company with great values. Far above and beyond what you'll find in any Retail environment!
They treat you like humans and not like robots. The befits are great and the people who work there are the greatest people you'll ever meet. The managers are excellent abs the apple culture makes for a very happy work environment.
Amazing benefits, flexible work hours (can work from home when needed), laid-back and diverse culture. Ground-zero for honing experience no matter what field you work in, there is so much opportunity to work on amazing projects with crazy challenges -- but it helps make you the best at your job that you could possibly be.
Great company. Very ethical with good benefits. There are always random opportunities to make lateral moves at Apple and once in a while to move up.
Guaranteed good hours and amazing benefits for part time work
Very laid back, generous in pay, awesome teamwork
AHA is a great opportunity.
Great benefits, corporate structure and best in class products. You're definitely a part of something big, and you're generally well taken care of.
Awesome tech. Always busy. Great coworkers
Great team environment, everyone very open to helping one another get better. Best job I have had
Competitive pay fun environment Constantly something to do Never dull
great company to work for
Great benefits and pay and management aren't too anal
Smart people, learning and development set in place.
People ,Tech, Innovation, personal growth
Flexible hours, varied job role, rewarding hour-to-hour job experience.
Awesome management Good benefits Great work environment Great leave program when having children Willing to work around your schedule Awesome work/life balance
Apple is an amazing company to work for/with. They choose exceptional people and have amazing products. I love learning and there is ample opportunity to learn, grow and expand in the company. I received a great deal of support, encouragement from management and especially co-workers. I can not say enough about how amazing the company is, the benefits and the endless perks. Highly recommend working at Apple if you love helping people, have patience, love technology and love learning. Everyday i learned something from either a customer or an associate. It was an awesome experience. :)
Working here was very good
You get to work with the brightest, most analytical, driven people who live and breathe the Apple culture and are fanatical about the details and doing what's right - both for the customer and for Apple.
Good international exposure and job prospect.
Good pay Great healthcare Amazing team environment
Great culture and smart colleagues
Amazing, inspiring, innovative leaders....lots of opportunities to grow and develop, company is committed to making a meaningful difference in the world, for the better
No one sees what you wear. You can decorate your desk the way you want. Great people to work with.
Competitive pay, great benefits, great people.
It looks good on your resume
Work Life Balance. Health Insurance for Part-time Full Medical, Dental, and Vision 401K (Roth) Employee Stock Purchase Plan Discounts on Apple Products Tuition Reimbursement Paternal Leave
Flexible, fun, full-filling and rewarding job at a great company with awesome benefits.
Health benefits including domestic partnership. Discounts for products. Valuable skills in customer service. 401k Great stock discount Education asstiance Pay is great starting if you are young.
Coworkers - the type of people who work at Apple stores are creative, interesting, and dynamic.
work with talented people and cool products
Working in the BOH is an experience where you learn how the whole store flows. You runner products to the red zone, and to the FRS specialists. You learn every product by its part number and you start to learn the functionalities of all of Apple devices. Also learning and mastering your inventory processes becomes like second nature. Every thing is simplified to where it's very hard to mess up a process they created, you are also held to higher thought process level. Your peers around you are usually hungry wanting to advance to different roles.  Apple Retail is very good with advancement and development of yourself, they make certain goals very obtainable depending on your leadership within the store.  Apple teaches the best communication between human to human. You gain a sense of being able to clearly voice certain important information needed to know to your peers. "Downloads" and "Fearless Feedback" are great cultures Apple creates.
great team, good environment, lots of support for advancement. great benefits, paid gym, paid internet.
It's a great job if you're part-time. I've met and worked with some of the smartest and most creative people in my life. The skills I've developed have been a huge advantage at my current job.
Decent pay Good benefits Great people to work with. We get a decent discount on purchases at the store. Great hr helpline
Great company to work for with excellent benefits! Fun and engaging team. Interesting people to work with. And a company which recognizes hard work.
They do an amazing job recruiting and hiring people that are alike. I felt at home every time I went to work.The management team is young and understanding. I went to work with a hangover once, and the floor manager noticed so he let off early, without adding any negative report to upper management.
great place to work. lot of great people and good benefits. not many things to complain about other than the hours.
- Great opportunity to learn how to reflect on your own growth and development - Healthcare, 401k, ESPP
Apple is a great place to work. Our team members are like family. I highly recommend working with Apple. They offer opportunity for advancement and growth.
Work from Home, Face Paced, Customer Service Based
Innovation, Quality of work, Quality of colleagues
- Great opportunity to learn how to reflect on your own growth and development - Healthcare, 401k, ESPP
Working side by side with dynamic, intelligent, and interesting people who are passionate about changing the world together.
The working environment was a lot of fun. People seemed to be pretty laid back and comfortable with each other.
Competitive salary for part-time and full-time employees, great communication between employees, especially from management to entry-level team members, awesome benefits that aren't standard among part-time employees elsewhere
Awesome pay, benefits, and super-positive work environment. Lots of opportunities for advancement if you perform well.
great environment, very nice scheduling
Had a super fun time working there. Would def do it again. Just graduated and moved away so I had to resign from my job there.
Great Benefits Job Security Good Pay Good Resources
People are smart here, a lot work to do
Very exciting brand to work for. A trendy environment and you meet lots of cool new people.
Benefits are great, pay is above average for retail, flexible schedules, wonderful coworkers, good discount, and apple looks great on a resume so it can be a great stepping stone!
It was very exciting at first, and a lot of fun to be part of such a respectable company. As a Sales Specialist, you aren't super driven by managers in regards to metrics, which is good for those who are content with showing up and collecting hourly compensation. Best perk? The employee discounts!
You get to work with very talented and professional engineers. Overall you get very good benefits. You get very good support from your team when there is a problem.
Works with the best products out there.
Competitive salary, smart people, great place if you are truly passionate about supply chain / procurement
Apple was an exciting place to work. It's a great job to have through college, but definitely not worth considering as a career option if it's where you start. The products were exciting. Many of the skills accrued here are transferrable. You get much more personal development than any other sort of retail role I would imagine. You get exposure to such a diverse segment of the population and have really fun coworkers who will have a lot in common with you and make you feel included.
Great environment, fun people, and an energetic atmosphere to keep you moving and having fun.
Mostly respectful culture, lots of forgiveness, solid training
Full eye, dental, and health benefits for part time, with stock and 401k options, easy to work environment, hiring process weeds out bad employees
Working with a smart and very dedicated team. Everyone is very passionate about what they do, no matter the level. The company feels smaller than it is and it gives you the ability to make an impact, even for a large org.
Co-workers are awesome. Every one gets along there is not workplace drama.
Very good salary with good work environment
Great benefits including insurance, gym reimbursement, internet reimbursement. Also get employee discount for use on apple.com or to pick up in store.
Great Culture with very creative people like a family. Full package with benefits, medical,dental, eye, option to buy stock and much more. Special pricing for employee's offered. It can be tuff work but rewarding when you see the light go on for the visitor.
Work life balance, and benefits.
Amazing company to work for. They really care about their employees, lots of training and room for advancement if you want it and work for it. Great benefits!
Work from home excellent and friendly management extenstive and contious training friendly and knowledgeable co workers
Great benefits, eclectic team with lots of energy and ideas, tons of resources and new opportunities within the company.
Pay is good, benefits are good
The transition was pretty painless coming from the Red Zone. If you show interest and perseverance you will surely be able to make the switch quickly. As for how the roll is, I have to say this are much better now. Yes, it is a more stressful environment, but if you treat it very systematic and don't let customer's attitude get to you, then you'll love it. Much less to worry about that sales.
excellent Benefits - great group of employees regardless of what location (retail) you work at - flexible hours - great stock options
If you are smart and hungry, you'll go far. Caring managers, slick review process for coachable people. You must be a self driven learner.
You will have a good team to work together, and have many ideas every day.
Great benefits Good product discount Outstanding management
Working with some really great people. Great benefits , great training
Fast paced, welcoming people, dynamic environment. Lots of room to grow
I love working with diverse and positive people. Every single person I have met working for Apple has become a friend of mine. Very very cool place to work.
They really treat you well with cool holiday products, discounts, and food. You work with the coolest and funnest group of people. Some bad eggs, but that's everywhere. It forces you to stay up to date with new tech, and when you tell people you work at the Apple Store, they treat you like God for some reason.
Work on projects that are seen by many people.
The work you do is really rewarding, and the customer base is more thankful than the average retail. The coworkers are incredible and experiences are great.
Great benefits, able to work from home or campus, and job development and improvement
Able to work with quality coworkers to produce high quality products.
Amazing projects. Smart people everywhere. Kind coworkers. Great benefits. A CEO to be proud of. Products worth supporting. Global impact with everything I work on.
The benefits and great and the coworkers are sometimes great. Also seeing how the sausage is made is always fun.
The Company is Wonderful. I've been in Cupertino for two weeks for training and my takeaways were invaluable: Importance of People, Personal Growth, Slow Down to Speed Up, Always Be Yourself and so on. So, at the end of the training, I was really enthusiastic and positive and in the best mood to start my role as a Business Manager in a Store.
Fun people to work with Looks great on a resume Good people and technical skills building
- Amazing company to represent with products that we love & use everyday anyways. - Open environment for communication with peers and leaders. - Great benefits (insurance + discount-wise) - Career Experiences - give you a chance to almost "intern" in other areas of the company
Fun family environment. Really talented teammates that you can easily create friendships with and learn something from. Huge focus on your development and growth. They want you to be a better person for the company and yourself in the future regardless of where you end up.
Entered as a fresh graduate, as a contractor with minimal GIS experience. Learned IT management skills, how to stay motivated and professional. Made significant contributions to my team  -Low expectations -Easy projects -Room for creativity -Great food -Interesting professional development classes offered
It really is a a great place to work. You get good pay. Along with good pay, you get and automatic friends. lot's of vacation.
Good pay, great benefits, stock options, health care
Awesome place to work with awesome people. Lots of great benefits, even for part-time hourly retail employees. Great compensation for a retail job. Many growth opportunities/internal internships.
Flexible hours, great pay, most friendly work environment you could ask for, intelligent and social coworkers. Apple has it all figured out! Managers genuinely want to see you grow in the company and in life.
Great job in college providing technical support from home and consistent schedules!
benefits, network of people you meet
Lots of great benefits, and discounts on Apple products
Great food and perks, good pay
Best company to work for! The team is absolutely amazing and they are very flexible with your schedule
I've never admired working. Couldn't imagine myself clocking in for work AT ALL ! I worked for Royal Caribbean, AT&T, and other companies that are pretty credible but this here, Apple, is AMAZING !  The atmosphere ! The people ! The energy ! The customers ! The growth !  It's really a culture or lifestyle. Apple is by far one of the best companies to work for and this is coming from someone that believe 9-5's is modern day slavery. Ha. I love this company. I love my job. I love my future.
Products offered and Customer interaction were great Location was great
- Great Benefits - Company Pride - Great Locations - Support in Crisis  We had a tragedy in the family and the team/management were very supportive. United Healthcare has been great to work with as well. We were able to reach them at noon on a Sunday! Participation in the Pride Festival in SF is lots of fun!
Flexible and rooms to grow
- work from home - very reasonable compensation - great benefits (401k, healthcare, stock etc)
Culture, people, excitement, joy ... The words that come to mind when I go to work.
Fun work environment for all team members
The growth you will get from this job is amazing, they help you work on your strengths and weaknesses. very customer oriented, you get to meet tons of great people internally and outside.
Great culture, great benefits, great developmental platform
Working from home is amazing. And while in the college program Apple has been very flexible with my college schedule. I have enjoyed working here
Great people to work with. Lots of mobility within the company. Lots of internal resources.
Great pay, great benefits, great people.
-Insane benefits -great hourly rate -typically great coworkers
Customer Service, Tech savvy, Business interactions.
Talent people aggressive approach learning a lot and could contribute to things exciting, not just waste time to make money
Pay is good. Not scripted customer service. Great benefits.
Dress code was great, could grow my mustache, good positive co-workers. Excellent training.
Great working environment, nice people and good pay
Benefits are killer including a in campus wellness center, gym and cafeteria, product discount (but still over priced), available tools and resources to get the work done, employee assistance for everything, RSU bonus.
Awesome products to work on
High quality people driving towards the same goal Amazing products and services Great community and environmental efforts Internal mobility is encouraged
Smart people, interesting work. Ability to travel a great deal around the world. Working in a small team means a lot of exposure
I learned a lot at apple.
excellent working culture and friendly people
Great benefits, great coworkers, a really good job for someone who is trying to find there way or just looking for a part time job that pays really well
Benefits are pretty awesome, discount subpar
Decent benefits even at entry level. Great for resume Opportunity for personal development (i.e. competencies,people relations) Team Environment
I've never learned so much at a job. This company is incredible.
Apple is a generous and progressive company that treats its employees very well.
Ive learned more at Apple in 2 years than all of my precious work experience combined.
Great Benefits , Good Managers , Working at Home is a Bonus. The discounts for apple employees are awesome. The employee referral program is awesome as well.
Great benefits and great management. Awesome ability to move up the ranks as long as you are a top performer.
Working from home is a huge benefit! It is really comfortable and allows you to save money on other expenses. Apple seems to genuinely care about your advancement.
This company had huge campus
Awesome company to work for. Love the people that I work with, my benefits (even as part-time), and the atmosphere.
Job security, discounted stock plan, good health benefits. Commuter benefits. Good as a part time gig. Decent pay. Good place to understand how to talk to people
Large budgets to get the work done
Great coworkers and great benefits.
DIscounts, health benefits, and other opportunities
Apple provides excellent, in-depth training to get you started. The company gives a great benefit package including Health, Dental, Vision, etc. Managers are very helpful. As an Apple AHA, my position allowed me to work from home. Apple provides the equipment needed to do your job. Great experience!
Awesome products, great people, and energizing
The best thing about Apple is their ability to push people to develop. Everything is centered around your development as an employee or as a person.
Great benefits, even for part-timers Management truly care about your success and work-life balance
Grow your professional experience - work with the best in the world here - always learning new things - fast paced and rewarding environment - much improved work-life balance in the past two years
Great people to work with, good discounts
Excellent Benefits, Excellent facilities, Ability to design products that will be used all over the world
golden handcuffs and base salary
Positive atmosphere, smart people, chance to learn a lot about positive customer service
Great people, fantastic benefits, ability to learn something new every day.
Great company. You'll learn a whole new style of working that's awesome, and you'll grow tremendously. Great people. You'll honestly work with the happiest, smartest, most driven people you've ever met, and they'll become your best friends! The money is fantastic, you start at at least $15 an hour, and the benefits are top notch! You'll get benefits even if you're part time! You will NOT be fired for poor sales (but you do need excellent sales to be promoted, in fact you have to "qualify" to apply for another position based upon your sales and customer service records) You really DO grow from all the "feedback" sessions, but it's hard!
Great work environment, health benefits, flexible work schedule and training. You will learn what it really means to provide elite customer service.
Nothing at all. See the Cons below.
Working for apple is great, very innovative and fast-paced. However, retail is retail. If you want to stay in retail, Apple is the best though.
Good salary and benefit. And good match 401k
Coworker's and work environment are cool, excellent benefits, wear whatever you'd like to work including tattoos and piercings, automatic coffee machines galore, gourmet kitchen with affordable prices
Leading smart, diverse team Innovative products Fantastic benefits
great benefits, great people, great management, overall just a great place to work at
The benefits are amazing, discounts too (even though it could be a little higher in percentage). The environment is not like typical retail. Management cares about your best interest
Excellent atmosphere with great coworkers and management. Best benefits of any part time job I know of.
This company is amazing.
The benefits were great, co-workers were friendly and easy to get along with
People, great benefits for both part time and full time employees. Easy to take time off, will train you in competencies to use in real world settings.
Great people who really care about others. Excellent culture and opportunities for self growth.
Great work, great toys, great beer, great food, great pay...what more can you ask for?
Apple is an incredible company to work for. They are very supportive with your professional development and provide a great culture to meet awesome people and work with genuinely kind and bright folk.  It feels good to work for a company that cares about the right things such as the environment, human/civil rights, security, and privacy. They don't just say it's their mission or their vision, they really do care and put in a ton of effort to support the causes that are important to them.  - 401k matching (varies based upon employment duration) - Healthcare is 5 stars A+ incredible! - Vacation time accrual is solid, but could be better (varies based upon employment duration and corporate vs retail) - Sick time accrual is also solid, but could be accrue faster (half the rate of vacation) - Stock options - Educational assistance for students - Adoption grant - Maternity leave - Paternity leave - Family care leave - Discounts on Apple products - Discounts on third party products, accessories, and software
get to talk about apple products all day. low stress, high speed lots of benefits great co workers
Great working experience to learn from the best practices
Discounts are OK, could be better but it helps For the most part, your coworkers are pretty awesome people Laid back culture, all though it's starting to get more strict
Company Discount on products is good
* Pay rate was fantastic! Apple is hard to beat when it comes to them treating employees well from the pay rate and benefits included. Various perks for healthcare, 401K plans and other stock options, and other perks such as free software were really nice and helped employees feel more valued as opposed to just feeling like a number.  * Discounts on Apple products and services (consisting of various set percentage discounts and one-time per 3 year discounts to get an even larger discount, really helps a lot when you want something new and shiny :) ).  * Hours for work were almost always readily available - there are practically a near endless amount of overtime hour options available, and especially so during the holiday seasons or peak times such as a new product or major software update launch.  * Being able to work from home is a huge perk! You never have to worry about any kind of dress code or commuting costs. In addition, Apple will reimburse you for your phone and internet bills monthly!  * Apple regularly sends little freebie gifts to employees every few months or so. It's a really good feeling to open your mailbox and randomly receive a free gift such as a t-shirt, coffee mug, or jacket.  * While you may not have a guaranteed job, as employees are regularly reviewed yearly on performance metrics, if you are able to meet these jobs there are certainly opportunities available for you. Those opportunities may manifest themselves as either job extensions in your current position, a pay raise, or perhaps a promotion to an entirely new role. One thing that I am happy to see Apple do is promote existing employees within their company rather than just look outward to find a candidate.  * In a given work day as an employee, you usually learn something new. Even if you don't expect yourself to learn something a new, a new situation or customer type might throw your brain for a loop. I consider this element of uncertainty a positive, as I like taking on challenges and learning new things in the process.
The ability to work from home, flexible hours as along at the call volume allows, currently I work 4 ten hour shifts with a 1 hour lunch.
Good culture an community is fun
The work environment was outstanding! They take pride in building the greatest customer experience and go above and beyond to ensure this happens - my managers would often get involved to make a customer laugh or deliver a memorable experience. The training was also great and kept you up to date.
Good company with fun employees
Perfect job for college students, excellent experience, coworkers and managers are awesome
Usually a good group of people to work with and it was pretty easy to make friends.
Apple has a core set of values. If your values match Apple's, you'll have a great ride. It's hard work, but you work with accomplished people on highly successful products. The compensation is fantastic. There's little time wasted collaborating with various geos across multiple timezones.
Your coworkers will be great. It's the best possible retail job you could get. The benefits are fantastic for a retail job.
Easy job if good at sales
The team is full of smart people, whenever you meet problems you can ask them any time.
The employee discount is great. The employee benefits package is extremely valuable. Especially the stock options and the ESPP program.
Exciting products Nice facilities Good technical training
The environmental can be fun so long as you know how to let go and unwind throughout the day.  Management encourages you to be innovative and allows you a good amount of autonomy. Basically no micro-managing.
The work here at Apple is really amazing, and you get to work with some really smart people with top-notch experience.
Amazing company High energy, positive people New exciting tech Pays well above federal minimum wage You work at Apple :)
Great work environment, a lot of opportunity, excellent benefits, flexibility
talented team, good exposure, latest technologies, high volumes, complex IT landscape
Working at apple was an incredible experience. The management encourages transparent communication. Your coworkers will always work with you to make the best experience for the customer and the betterment for yourself. Always learning something new.
Good benefits. Some options to work from home. It's close to home for me. You never have to worry about a dress code.
culture, people, products, working on the future of consumer electronics
Enriching the users/customers life experiences
Great benefits, decent pay, and the opportunity to work with some very interesting and talented people.
Good benefits. Some options to work from home. It's close to home for me. You never have to worry about a dress code.
It's a great place to work because of the discounts.
Excellent base pay, benefits, and opportunities
The environment is amazing and the people are all incredible. Apple retail is not your ordinary retail. Many people do not understand how hard the store works to give the customers the best experience.
Fast pace, collaboration with other teams, great employee discounts, paid time off during Thanksgiving and between Xmas and New Year (because a lot of holidays are work days here).
Flexible hours that work with school. Great benefits. Good discounts.
This is a great job for three 4 types of people:  1. College Students 2. People who would like to become managers 3. People who don't know what they want to do in life 4. People who are older/retired and looking for benefits
One can realize there full potential
Apple is a wonderful place to work! The people make going to work awesome. The culture, which in retail is often hard to find, is rich. Stores are kept clean and operation has been streamlined through some pretty cool technology.
World class company with an incredible culture and group of people. Great benefits for all employees as well
Ability to help others and see the direct results of your work. Working with a fun, diverse group of people.
Great benefits employee discount 401 k flexible schedule
Great Benefits, Fun, Helps you grow as a person & an employee, growth opportunities.
Benefits, Development, Leadership, Perks, Discount
- A very casual work environment with a great connection to coworkers on a personal level (your mileage may vary) - Great benefits - Structured and thorough job training - Great products made it fun to work with customers
Amazing culture with ability to develop personally and professionally
Great Company with above average benefits
One of the best groups of people to work with, probably ever. Everyone is friendly, outgoing, smart, and for the most part hardworking. We all have a little bit of nerd in us, and that passion is what bonds us, that love for the new and coming of technology.  The benefits are great, the pay is decent, and the flexibility to transfer to any location around the world is so freeing. Highly recommend.
Great opportunity to learn new technologies and be part of it
Competitive pay, healthcare, discounts, 401k matching. You know, normal corporate things.
Good experience for Sales employees to gain experience translating the double speak of management
Nice coworkers, good network of accessibility to go between buildings.
Overall, I enjoy working for Apple. My coworkers are awesome and I can be my true self while there.
It is a great place to work! Apple loves its employees and treats them fantastic.
Working at Apple is an incredibly inspiring experience. You are surrounded by a group of people that are intrinsically motivated to change the world and build a brand. People at Apple believe in their work and are motived to do their best, every day. The culture at Apple is so strong, it is obviously very quickly if you are the right 'fit'.
Great position to take time with the customer and wow them, Apple pays higher than most call centers out there. Full time benefits, work at home if that suits you, all equipment is provided to you.
Total benefit package is beyond good.
The benefit was good, and the experience was good.
Great Benefits for part-time and full-time employees, great co-workers. Relaxed atmosphere in terms of dress code and interactions with one another.
Apple is a great place to work, especially for those who are looking to get their foot on the right track for developing personal and professional skills. You can benefit from these takeaways:  -Learn from each other. -Great benefits! (Health/Dental insurance, 401k, stock options, public transit benefits etc.) -Tons of available trainings for opportunities and development. -Minimum wage at Apple is well above the minimum wage of State. -Your team will always have your back! Work with integrity, always. -Working with a team full of great people is always fun! You wake up knowing you can go into work and survive a hectic day.
Job security. Very interesting people. Loves diversity and letting your voice be heard. This company is all about feedback.
This company does provide great benefits and competitive pay. Easy to move around horizontally to other positions and expand skill set.
Benefits, Pay, Employee Perks, Apple Swag
Competitive Room to move up Diversity of opportunities Amazing benefits with insurance, stock plan, life insurance, and 401k
Training is great and non-stop. You're always learning new things. Store leaders and managers truly care about your growth.
The benefits are amazing, the people you work with a very interesting too! Each has their own niche and thats what makes the company so great, its like a clash of different aspects that in the end work great in a whole
Super supportive environment, personal development and opportunity for advancement
Great pay, benefits, culture, attitude
Great pay. Great people. Great benefits n
Meet a lot of people, time passes quick, learn a lot about products.
Great benefits and discounts from Apple products to carrier plans and also transit, health coverage dental etc, You'll make great friends here on the sales floor
Great team to work with.
Amazing coworkers, wonderful work environment.
Applied months ago never received response or email!
- talking to customers is fun - you can work from home - pay, increases, and promotions are lucrative - great discounts on Apple products - great benefits
Discounts on Apple products which is nice.
Super progressive, World Class company. I love Apple. I always thought they made good products before working for them but once I joined the company. Pros:  - Some of the most talented, friendly, truly awesome people I've ever met. Sometimes my coworkers show me something new and blow my mind, sometimes I'm having a bad day and they lift me up, all the time I walk into work and get hugs all around.  - Leadership cares. And they care about caring. It's almost like Kindergarten where they go out of their way to make sure that you're okay that they you know that they care about you.  - Awesome benefits. 401(k), competitive wage, health/dental/vision insurance, gym membership reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, super awesome discounts, etc.  - You get to meet some of the coolest people who come in as customers and have the chance to actually make their lives better. I helped this old lady who was 72 last week. She is completely blind but can hear very well. I helped her get her first smartphone (iphone 6s Plus) and taught her how to use the accessibility feature for blind people. I taught her how to get Siri to play her favorite music for her. We sat there for about 10 minutes jamming out and when she left, she gave me a hug. I got paid to do that. How cool of a place.  -No attendance policy. They know things happen and are very flexible.
Unparalleled training, caring culture and quality structure make Apple an incredible stable place to work. The people and personalities though, that's what makes this huge corporation feel like a tight knit family.
Good pay. Good experience. Can't go wrong with Apple.
Great environment, great people,
Great Work Environment, Great coaching and feedback, Great benefits and perks, Lots of room for advancement, Team based approach that creates positive relationships with co-workers despite the fact that you are working remotely.
- Got to work with a lot of really great and smart people. Work schedule could be flexible if planned far enough in the future. - Decent discounts on Apple products - Exposure to the latest hardware and software. - While the pay isn't get rich quick kind of money it's very good for the retail industry. Plus they have many benefits that part-time employees can take part in. Such as stock plan, retirement accounts, etc.
Apple is an amazing company for which to work. I have been constantly challenged during my tenure and the benefits are amazing. You are surrounded by a high-functioning team that desires to be successful.
Good perks, decent food available. Laid back atmosphere - depending on the department you're with. Friendly coworkers for the most part.
I love the company culture of the retail segment, I do not work for the corporate segment so I can not say from my own experience what that is like. In retail I have learned many valuable lessons that will definitely help me in my future careers. We are the face of the company, the people that Apple customers interact with. I have improved my customer service skills, communication skills, understand marketing and pricing tactics, and the importance of attention to detail which has set Apple apart. I love working in a place where I can share my knowledge with customers and help them learn how to use their products the way they were designed to be used. It's the best retail job experience I have ever had and honestly don't think I can go back to any another retail job.
Decent pay and benefits. Holidays you get 2.5x pay. Plus you get nice discounts. Generous tuition reimbursement where you don't have to have seniority or wait years for it like previous jobs I've had.
Managers care about employees and caters to their need, lots of room for growth and other employees are friendly and helpful
Cheap breakfasts, lunches and dinners. Beer bashes, Apple Games. Discount programs, great benefits. Work with great people, creative and happy.
-outstanding coworkers -interesting environment -you'll learn and grow as a result of your time here
Fantastic Benefits such as Health Insurance, Dental, Vision, Stock options. Discount on Apple products. Happy environment
Apple is a great company to work for
Decent pay for retail. Incredible benefits. Product discounts.
Great benefits. Decent pay.
The pros of this company include: great health insurance plans, days off, flexible schedule, positive atmosphere of employees, discounts for great products, and name recognition.
Worked with good people, casual dress code, discount on Apple products, stock options.
-Great Culture - Great work Life Balance -Amazing Coworkers -Amazing leadership
Great staff, it was a pleasure working there.
Lot's of good people and lots of room for career advancement.
Pay and benefits are reasonable. When you first join your enthusiasm forms your opinion. On the surface a great place to work. If you are favored by management and tow the party line a future can be yours.
The people are wonderful and it looks amazing on my resume. People love to ask me about my time at Apple.
Working from home and all that comes with that privilege.
Great staff, it was a pleasure working there.
Insurance and benefits are great management promotes a positive culture lots of at home possibilities
If you like to work at home, this is great place to be. We have multiple jobs available at home and onsite. Lots of fun ways to keep moral up as well at this company. Benefits are wonderful as well!
Managers are very understanding in my store. Learned a lot and company culture is great. Some great benefits for part time as well.
Most of the people you work with are friendly considering we're all in the same boat. There are some great managers who want to see you succeed.
Having millions of users use your work is amazing. Big and bold ideas to change the world.
High-profile company looks great on your resume and provides fantastic benefits package and training opportunities for technicians. Fast-paced retail environment is great for those who want to move into tech support but don't want to sit at a desk or do phone support all day.
liked it quite alot yes
The work, at its best, is truly inspiring. It's really all about getting to do interesting projects that will touch millions of people. The fast pace provides an adrenaline rush that, deep down, I seriously enjoy.
Great products to work on.
You are front row for an exciting career at Apple. They really take the time for your personal development. It is crazy, fun, challenging environment.
Quick and fast moving company.
Good entry level pay for retail, good discount, good work life balance.
Smart, driven colleagues. People genuinely care about the products and projects they're working on. Potential to make large impact. Get to work on the latest and greatest technology.
Great people, fast paced environment that will usually stimulate you mentally. Not a lot of time to watch the clock.
Fast Paced. Get to play with new technology as it is released. Looks good on a resume for similar jobs. Benefits are good, even for part time.
Everyone at apple is friendly and inviting, and that is the culture that they try and represent. Very fast paced and always something to do.
Great people, great training, great culture, fun
Great benefits Other employees are kind and helpful Mangement listens
Work From home, easy, great benefits.
401k, Gym, on campus dining, shuttle program to/from SF and bay area, interesting people, interesting projects.
The team I worked with was great, almost family like. The environment is fast paced, energetic, and extremely friendly. Coworkers are always willing to help when needed. The pay was great for an part time gig.
Benefits were amazing Flexible scheduling Excellent training Easy work environment Clean work space Well trained managers Low Pressure environment
Great benefits and pay with opportunity for growth
Scheduling flexibility Career Growth Benefits are great pay is great for the job regular chats with management about personal development
You work with some very talented, interesting and fun people. The discounts can be nice, mostly on third party products. Good professional development.
Working from home gives a lot of flexibility.
Great people and amazing benefits.
Great company to work for. They really take care of us as employees.
Solid pay for retail, great variety of work
Great pay and benefits. Surround by amazing people.
Health Insurance is great, even for part-timers
Some of the nicest people are at this site.
The team of people and the ability to connect with other people (customers, peers, and employees) about a shared passion of apple products and services.
They pay well for retail
You truly feel like you're apart of something big. The company has so many perks, incentives and benefits that you'd be hard pressed to find another place that takes care of you as well as Apple. I feel like I have a huge security blanket over my finances and health coverage. Also you are working with some of the smartest and coolest people in the world at home none the less!
Challenging, good pay, excellent conditions, good benefits
Apple is one of the most influential companies in the world, so working for them is a great honor. In most roles, you will fully understand how your work is impacting not only the company, but the world.
Benefits are nice, they fully train you and make sure you are ready to deal with situations as the present themselves
Discounts, good pay, flexible hours
Wonderful atmosphere to work in. Constant excitement and educational opportunities. Very happy to be working for a company that takes care of their employees as well as they do. So many benefits, even for part time. Each location is different, but it's nice to have managers that encourage and trust you. Huge difference from previous jobs.
Great people, good culture, awesome place to work, great benefits, great perks. In short everything's great! I feel great to be a part of this company.
Greatest job in the world, training Apple customers how to use the greatest technology
Love the people. Management is great. Work from home
Great benefits and training on all their devices Corporate discount program
Benefits are Excellent. Taking time off is doable and accommodating.
Benefits by far are worth even being in retail
Benefits, People, Hourly Rate, New Hire Expectations, Comparing when I started to where I am now, Stock Program
Things were going great looking good. you can grow with the company if you go with the flow.
Fantastic place to work alongside smart, engaged people. The company takes care of their employees from benefits to development to work environment.
Great store and great company to work for. Benefits are great for part timers. They understand the whol work life balance.
Great company culture and products...obviously
Great company. Room for growth. Caring team. Many opportunities.
good benefits the people are friendly. manager gives 3 check ins a month
Competitive Pay, Well-Known and Successful Company
Amazing benefits. Lots of opportunities for personal development and advancements if you are willing to work hard. Lackluster pay especially for expectations of my role as a supervisor
It was really awesome to work from home, receive on the job training, and to have full time benefits - and some.
Great pay for internship. Free food if we worked late. People are nice. Amazing campus.
Great pay for internship. Free food if we worked late. People are nice. Amazing campus.
Great people and excellent culture to be a part of.
Everything is on campus! Literally
Incredible benefits, embraces diversity, strong culture.
Great work dynamic, store teams, professional development, communication, medical and discount benefits etc.
Great company to work for. Managers are all friendly and relatable. Their benefits are one of a kind, if you work here definitely look into buying Apple stocks.
Pay, good benefits, reputable company
Work from home in PJs Can snack all day Mostly great customer base Excellent benefits Apple looks great on a resume
Benefits are good for me
Good people, fun company to work for.
Great pay, decent environment,
BENEFITS You will have excellent benefits here. I've had a few procedures done and did not have to pay anything out of pocket. By far the absolute best, most affordable benefits I've ever had.  DISCOUNTS Without getting into too many details, I will say that the discounts offered to the employees are reasonable. I have definitely used mine and I'm grateful for them. I've always loved Apple products so this was just icing on the cake.  WORK FROM HOME There are a lot of scams out there concerning working from home. This is one of the few opportunities that truly offer a job that you can do from the comfort of your home and actually make money. Its not invasive and they really allow you to be independent. You're not really micromanaged per-say.. but just know you will not be able to "pretend" you're working.  SALARY I would say that what I got hired for is well worth what I'm paid. I no longer feel that way because I've been cross-trained on so many things and have not received a raise. I am way more valuable to the company then when I first started.. therefore, I feel I should be compensated for that value. I believe that it would be fair to increase the pay, per skill. But overall, the starting pay is well above the minimum wage. I'm able to live comfortably and I'm able to do things that I enjoy that I wasn't able to do with the previous pay with other jobs.  PERKS You get a lot of perks here at Apple. I'm unable to go into details, but the company does really take care of their employees from a "material" and "health" standpoint.
Great company to work for
amazing work experience. learned a lot new stuff
Everything is on campus! Literally
limited managment no dress code the future
Benefits are good for me
Met a lot of great people with different needs
Great company to work for
Apple Inc. is one of the best companies that I have every worked. The Sales team that I worked with had the best talent that I have every worked with. The entire team was smart, driven, goal oriented, and very knowledgable. If you are self-driven, this is the company for you. They only expect the very best.
Great benefits and work environment.
great culture great benefits for part time competitive hourly rate
Great company with amazing benefits for part-time employees! I think it's a great job if you're looking for some work outside of going to school!
Intelligent colleagues to work with. Good benefits. Company doing well overall and still growing.
Get to work from home which is cool so its hard to be late to work
Fast paced environment. The day goes by quickly. The people I got to work with were amazing. So many different people. Always fun.
Iterating work, interesting people, lots of new ideas, good salary
The people and the culture
Meet a lot of people. Receive discount on Apple Products. Regular Hours.
This company gave me the skills to succeed in any profession. The training and skills I learned from my time in Apple Retail has shaped me as a person. This company gave me the confidence to walk into any job interview and rock it! The friendships amongst co-workers will last a life time. Great place for someone wanting a career in Technology, or really any other profession.
Great management, truly cares about your successes (at least in my experience), smart and driven co-workers, aside from the few that slip through the cracks everyone really cares about the company.
Compensation & Benefits. Staff purchase. Autonomous.
Great team members, Nice office space
Working on some of the most interesting projects I've ever seen, with some really talented people.
My co-workers and the mission of apple
It's easy to find yourself doing the best work of your life at Apple.
As an AAPL investor since 1985, working in Apple Retail allowed me to express the gratitude I've felt towards Apple and its customer in a concrete way. It felt more like a "calling" than a job. Great benefits, too.
It's Apple! Great customers nice training smart people
Decent Pay, Good Discounts, Overall Easy job
Great and solid company, possibility to grow, lots of interesting things to learn while on site.
A love of helping customers get the best understanding and value out of the tech products they own, especially is it is an Apple product.
Challenging, interesting, brilliant people, lots of passion
The benefits and diversity are great. Every year they get better. The products are exciting and the discounts are nice. The ceo is fantastic.
The training available, the ability for growth, the resources and support and benefits are amazing. Little things here or there could be tweaked, but I've never worked for a company (and I've worked for 20+ in 14+ years) where I felt like a human being that was cared for and wasn't just a number until working for almost 3 years with Apple. If it wasn't for relocating from the East Coast to the West Coast, I'd still be there.
Awesome team , benefits, and pay.
to work from home, great people to work with
Amazing team, philosophy, and overall dedication to customers and fellow employees.
As a retail job, pay is far in excess of what most other retail jobs are likely to pay you. Most of the people I work with are also people that I happily call friends outside of work. Overall great work environment (at least up on the sales floor, can't speak to the service area in the back). Additionally, the fact that the company provides healthcare benefits, edu reimbursement and other benefits even for part timers is pretty awesome.
- work with smart, driven people - data-focused environment holds people and teams accountable - perks like doctors onsite, gyms, subsidized cafeterias, free bus transportation and concerts - relationship based, the more you have, the more successful you will be
Great team and training provided.
Upper management knows where's it going company is a good company minus AppleCare. Career paths with the right manager are worked on seriously.
Great culture Working with smart people
great benefits, tuition reimbursement,and salary
Really wonderful people, got payed to learn really cool technology. Very fast paced and innovative.
Work with knowledgable friendly people.
Incredible co workers. Great company, fantastic benefits.
This has been the best experience I've ever had working for a large corporation. The benefits are top notch, the companies core values are upheld in every aspect of the business, and the culture is everything you'd hope for and more.
Push you to succeed very fulfilling working there enjoyed my time there
I was able to set my own hours, individualized to meet my needs as a young mother. Vibrant workplace, intelligent people
excellent engineer team to learn from
Benefits, people, pay, lack of direction and politics.
Understanding, calm but enough pressure to keep your progressing. Apple employment gave me a lot of exit opportunities, pleasing experience to say the least.
Working with Apple since 2006 and it's been an amazing ride! There is more than ever to learn and ways to develop! Join us!
Great company with a wonderful ideology
Get to work on some of the most challenging problem statements & easy to collaborate and come up with ideas and implement. Good visibility higher up the management chain.
Fun job for someone who isn't looking for the typical 9-5 life. Get to interact with a lot of awesome people and learn a lot about yourself and others.
The people I worked with were the most eclectic, amazing group of individuals, and I've kept in touch with them more than any other job I've had.
great pay for a college student training was long and detailed great benefits
Work and life balance and great health benefits for both full time and part time employees. Management cares about employees as persons oppose to numbers
Amazing Benefits and great culture to work with.
Amazing job good to communicate with other people
Great benefits, discounts, best health insurance I've ever had. It was a Family Envoirment, everyone works as a team. Apple encourages all creativity and accepts everyone to be themselves. Meaning if you have blue hair, peircings, tattoo's it's ok. Truly the best job I ever had!!
Benefits package: • $100/ mo Wageworks • Employee Stock Plan • 401K 50% (match up to 6%) • Medical/ Dental/ Vision • Life insurance/ Accidental death • Dealer rate cell phone plans • $500 computer credit every 3 years • lots more
The good: - To work from home  - Benefits are decent, my bi weekly deduction for myself + 4 was $30, this was for medical, dental, vision. Although low, be prepared to pay for a high deductible in order to use the health benefits under this plan, was $3000. The other plan was apps $200 per month with a lower deductible.  - Apple stock options  - Supplies iMac station and iPod and headset to work from home, cost does not come out of pocket, except for office desk, chair, etc.  - Start receiving health benefits, 401K and earning sick and vacation time off the first day of employment.  - Double time and half when working on holidays.
After 10 years in call center management, I thought all call center jobs were the same. I couldn't have been more wrong. This is a career, not a job. Management is amazing and supportive, policies are lenient and flexible, and I have never been more happy.
Great people and benefits. The campus is beautiful and the managers really care about their employees and their well being.
Smart people and a sense of working on projects that change the world.
Easy commute, company provides equipment
Paid training, flexible hours great enviorment, work from home
Benefits insurance espp salary growth
Support infrastructure for employees is well managed including transportation, wellness centers, and mail/package delivery system.
Great experiences. Would recommend to students
Company and culture are great!
I worked for the internal marketing team (MarCom) on the creative side. The best thing about working at Apple is your coworkers. They do an excellent job of hiring incredibly intelligent, talented people. It's quite humbling to work alongside such accomplished people. You'll always feel like the dumbest person in the room, which is great because everyone has so much to teach you. Most of them are ego-free (about 70% of them) and will help you whenever possible. There are so many personality types, though nearly all of them are perfectionist Type A people. If that is your kind of crew, you'll do well.  The work usually comes in waves. When you're on, you're all the way on. For weeks at a time you can expect late nights and no weekends. On the flip side, when it's slow, it's very slow. You can often work from home or take comp days. During downtimes it is not uncommon to go in for five hours including a long lunch and then go home.  In addition to this, the compensation is good. The stock program is okay. But the pay is more than fair and their annual reviews pretty much guarantee a raise, bonus, and/or more stock.  Finally, Tim Cook seems like a genuinely good person. Even in the relatively short time he's been in his role, he has made enormous leaps to give that company a real set of values that are current with this generation. He feels like a real human being, which is something Apple desperately needs.
really good pay for retail
It's a lot of pressure to get things right and drives one to do the best work of their lives. 2+ years later I'm still blown away by the talent and creativity of people I work with.
Great Benefits, of course the infamous apple discounts, but part time employees get the same benefits as full time
Awesome community environment. Many mentors and staff members are very helpful and patient. Learn as you go.
I love that I don't have to drive to work every day. I'm saving gas and car repairs, but more importantly I can see my family a lot more when I'm on my breaks.  The benefits are out of this world great!
- A lot of room for growth in the company if you are striving to climb - Great way to form connections - AMAZING co-workers (most people are very friendly!) - Great pay - Work agenda & expectation is very clear - Good performance on the job will be rewarded (with swags, management recognition, better schedules available) - Competitive and active learning (training is constantly provided) - A LOT of resources for your work - Great choices in the on site cafeteria - The Elk Grove site contains the best advisors you can work with - You get tell people that you are part of one of the coolest companies in the world
- Compensation is very competitive - You get to work on interesting products - The food in the cafes is tasty and the coffee is decent
Outstanding benefits and competitive salary. They give their employees a lot of freedom and a lot of self empowerment. Wonderful products and opportunity.
Amazing staff Great benefits Great pay for a retail job Works well with availability Good discounts Career experiences Must be okay with not knowing everything Constantly changing
So many groundbreaking new things to work on, very smart and very driven colleagues
The cafe food is amazing, and co-workers were excellent. I had quite a bit of downtime during which I was able to work on personal projects. There was also a lot of overtime available.
Lots of talent around you
It is a Fun environment, the teams are passionate and intelligent. Pay is great considering it is retail and no one will complain about the discounts!
Comfortable, professional environment,with a strong style you gotta love or leave . Good people and great snacks if you look in the back of the middle drawer.
They have loads of benefits for their AHA employees
Great place to work, the people are amazing. you can truly tell people are passionate about what they do. they take the outmost care in everything. you can learn amazing things from just talking with people and interacting with everyone. they are more than welcome to help and show you the ropes. amazing internship had completely changed my life.
best company i have worked for!
Great culture and great people with support along the way. I've learn so much at my time there.
Great Co. and benefits, amazing environment, good carrer possibilities
Great perks and benefits
Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people, literally. It's a lot of pressure to get things right and drives one to do the best work of their lives. 2+ years later I'm still blown away by the talent and creativity of people I work with.
Best technology and cool products
Great schedule Fun employees and management
It feels so great to work with smart people and change the world in smart way. Most employees here are very experienced and senior in their areas, and it's definitely a great place to grow fast for young professionals
Incredible people, awesome technology and caring management.
Great products. Good side benefits. New campus is beautiful. The "old guard" people who survived are great to work with & have great experience.
Competitive pay, some of the most talented and intelligent people you will meet, unique work experiences, large focus on employee development
good team culture a lot to learn smart co-workers
Working with some of the smartest people on the planet. Treasure trove of knowledge to learn.
Good people, benefits, work environment. Busy and room for growth. Challenging yet rewarding. Easy to relocate domestically and internationally. Highly recommend.
Good opportunities to learn and grow. Fun, fast paced atmosphere.
Amazing people Amazing benefits Not forced to sell
Working at an extraordinary company like Apple had it's perks- even in retail. The development at the company was incredible, you were capable of doing anything you desired whether that was developing others, working on business, applying for career experiences in HQ. You are surrounded by incredibly creative and entrepreneurial people, people that started their own companies, screen-writers, musicians, artists, editors and Apples goal was to make sure each individual developed in the way they felt it necessary in order to fulfill their personal goals.  Apple isn't just about bettering itself, it's about creating a community of individuals that will help leave the world a better place then they found it. And they truly lived by that.
Apple really seems like they care about their workers
Incredibly smart people, awesome benefits, tons of opportunities.
Apple Retail is great for getting you ready for experiencing what life can be like in tech. I use much of the foundational skills today.
Get to work from home, no commute! Amazing company to work for - Incredible benefits and they really seem to care about their employees
Fantastic group of people to work with. My Coworkers were some of the most creative people I have met from artists to musicians to coders.
Working from home, Benefits, Discounts
Great financial picture, benefits, and other resources. Very rewarding if you believe in the products.
Great benefits. Wonderful people to work with.
teamwork, growth, learning, environment, resources
People are great to work with , everyone is so smart and helpful
Great workplace and philosophy, they give you training, they're respect your life balance
Incredible training and leadership. There are plenty of opportunities to learn and advance.
They are a great company and there is room to advance
They are a great company and there is room to advance
Great environment, great co workers, and leadership. Leadership will help you develop so long as you put in the effort. Health benefits cannot be beat! List goes on!
Positive energy great benefits fun place to work. Constantly learning something new
Performance is noticed. Carreer advancement is available, and tools provided to get there if you have the drive to develop. You get to be a part of awesome products and software every day. Super smart and talented people all around you, ups your game. Lots of training, and development (when you have time, or make it). Feedback is important in the company structure, anyone can escalate issues at any time, and leadership teams want to hear it and will take action.
Lots to Learn. Diverse Co-Workers. Opportunity for Growth. Work Here, Work Anywhere.
Fast pace, great hiring practices, you get to help people
Great people who worked there
Great Benefits, Salary, and Awesome Company
Lots of benefits. Management is very open minded and easy to work with. Schedule is flexible. Great for anyone, especially students.
Great company. They really care about their contractors.
Great place to work if you enjoy fast pace deadlines and deliverables. Mostly very smart people and tremendous opportunities to learn.
It was nice to work at home. Apple does pay part of your hi-speed internet bill, (some work at home positions that require do not) Training for Customer Relations does try to cover every aspect of the job that you will do, although of course , you can no cover every scenario you will cover in each encounter, they do try to prepare you for the majority of customer contacts.
awesome work environment, work life balance
This is one of the best places to work for, environment is great, pay for retail is great, management is awesome!
Super flexible with your schedule, with lots of opportunities to grow as a person and work with your people skills!
Strong company culture throughout the heirarchy
Good benefits (great among retail jobs), great perks, and a fabulous part time job where you needn't worry about being asked for any more engagement than you want to make.
Work environment at retail store is incredible. Everyone is unique in their own way. You will gain better communication skills. The company really looks out for you.
good benefits, work at home. good pay
The benefits are great and the people that you work with are very professional and best in their field.
My coworkers were, as a whole, the reason I worked as hard as I did. That's not to say I didn't enjoy helping customers, but as a Genius (technician), I more often got yelled at and insulted than hugged. I certainly learned a lot about people, and have some good stories to tell over drinks.
Great work environment and amazing co-workers
Best job I have ever had. The staff is extremely friendly and it was a rewarding experience.
great products. touch culture, but exciting to be shipping multiple products a year.
Details and a lots of smart people
Good pay, benefits, and experience.
Good Working Environment Dynamic nature Attractive Salary
Hired about 1 month before the initial launch of the original iPhone. Worked for 7 years at the Apple Online Store in Austin, TX. Fortunately, I was a direct hire and did not have to suffer as a Volt contractor. Highly recommend applying directly with Apple and not using Volt.  There are some really good people here. Great relationships and great benefits. Constantly recieving variety of training and additional optionally training available. The quality and design of Apple products makes it easy to sell.
Awesome work environment and training!
Great people and learning experience.
Great benefits, perks like free food in the evenings and access to incredible products at a cheap discount
Co-workers, environment, resume padding, nice facilities and use of technology
teammates are great, the organizational structure of things are easy to manage and they provide everything you need from software to hardware.
An amazing environment that fosters growth and provides continuous trainings. Looks amazing on your resume. The discount. The uniform
how to guarantee the security of everyone more safely and contribute to their daily life. their privacy not to share accidentally with the whole world.
Love this job its the best
nothing to mention! no pros at all... Apple use people by hiring them indirectly
* smart, dedicated, motivated people
flexible hours, judged by performance to deliver
Great management, great positon and great teamwork as well
+ Free dinner after 7 + Great pay + Very nice campus + Apple product discounts
Being surrounded by intelligent capable individuals was exciting and challenged my growth. I enjoyed working with Apple products and learning how to repair them at the software level and the hardware level.
how to guarantee the security of everyone more safely and contribute to their daily life. their privacy not to share accidentally with the whole world.
Good Pay, - One Star Good Benefits,- One Star At Home - No Stars
Co-workers Gym and sauna Discounts on apple products and phone bill Stocks Working with a mac and apple lab
high dynamic and creative environment
flexible hours, judged by performance to deliver
Great pay, awesome discounts, job security, learn a lot about Apple products, most customers are really nice and understanding, the company is not too strict, feel like a part of the "Apple Society"
Get to work with high performance talent.
Apple gave me the skills I needed to become a successful recruiter making a $100k
best place to work at
Amazing benefits 401, medical, dental, vision, stock option etc. Fun place to work. Best retail environment I've had a chance to work in.
easy job and good pay as student
Apple has great benefits, opportunity to move into other departments, a very laid back environment, and an amazing training program.
Management cares Co workers become family
Ability to be creative and innovative
Benefits (Part-time employees get benefits) Pay (You put in the work, you get payed well) Co-Workers (All Friendly)
They Care for their employees
Customer expectations were high but help was always easy to find best team environment friendly. Everything you needed was taught but bring your own people's skills customers come back because of the good service.
- Great compensation and benefits - Flexible
- Great compensation and benefits - Flexible
New and Awesome people and products
Good benefits and a generous leave of absence policy.
The people I worked with were great. I worked with people who were smart, funny, and fun to work with. Most of the team was also very talented in some for of art.
Was a great experience. They pay well and are very friendly! Benefit packages are beyomd amazing.
Flexible hours, good pay, great people
The people you meet working at Apple are people that you'll remember for the rest of your life. The company attracts a diverse team of hard-working, intelligent and driven folks, and working with a team toward a common goal is inspiring.
Fun environment, great team, perfect atmosphere.
Great benefits, good pay in comparison to other companies/ retail stores that are similar to this company.
Loved my co workers and Apple products
Great discount, great coworkers, health care and stock options, 401k for FT
Decent pay, great benefits, great co-workers. I got to work with a lot of intelligent, caring people, in a generally supportive environment. The company invests a lot in tools for the employees to use to make the best support experience for the customer. My immediate managers were all great people, and great managers. It seems odd to say that anything could be "inspiring" in a call center environment, but there you have it. (Well, okay, there was one guy who's style was a bit harsh, but it was comically harsh, and deemed a rite of passage.)
The pay is pretty decent, the benefits include insurance for part timers, 401K, stock purchase program, and pretty great discounts. You're always learning something new.
The company has an excellent set of benefits, and a unique retail culture
This job has a TON of benefits that no other place gives to part timers
Really fun environment, great benefits.
Great atmosphere, feel like you can do anything.
Great company to work for. I'm still in college full time. The management team in my store is awesome, they work around your school schedule and are really lenient with vacation, it's unpaid obviously for part time .
Great working environment with a ton of growth opportunities. Also very knowledgeable staff.
You will work with some of the best people you will meet in your life
Gain valuable knowledge and skills about how to evaluate, isolate, and resolve software and hardware issues in technology and devices.
Amazing team atmosphere. Some of the brightest and most kind people I have had the honor to work with.
Working with awesome, like-minded people every day is great. Most managers understand this is not a career for most people and for the most part are supportive of a fare work/life balance. Large number of employees within similar roles allows for ample opportunity to trade shifts and accommodate days off. Great benefits and discounts even for part-timers.
Pay, compensation, change, at home office, awesome managers and team members, team meetings, the fact that we work for apple
Really cares about the employee Great Benefits
Very inspiring environment for people to work with.
The atmosphere of working at apple was awesome! I really enjoyed that I was able to help people with their computer related problems.
Good working environment and good SDLC systems in place.
Apple is a great place to learn a lot of skills and work with some very talented and enthusiastic people. The leaders I worked with / for inspired me daily. The benefits are amazing.
You have control over your growth, for the most part. Flexibility, free flowing, independence.
Cares for employees, positive environment, amazing benefits, focused on innovation of processes.
Great pay and benefits. The company wants you to advance and grow. Lot's of overtime opportunity around the holidays.
Work with the best talent on earth.
Working with super smart people and the learning curve is very steep!
Nice Perks, Product discount, Casual environment, Great CEO and Management Team
Best company I have ever worked for with the most positive learning environment. Ability to learn and to develop your skills was always a priority.
Opportunity to work with great minds
Benefits, Co-Workers, Flexibility, Training, Competitive Pay
You learn how much you are willing to put up with to work with the World's #1 company
-Driven crowd -Brilliant Designers and engineers -Lots of toys in hardware
people I worked with were awesome
The environment is great. Apple seems genuinely interested in their employees growth. A lot of time is spent on development.
Apple has one of the best training programs I have ever seen. They are also very flexible and offer tons of help.
Good job. Great customers. Decent Pay
Environment. Apple is great company to work for and if you are dedicated you can even make a career out of it! Multiple people I know are in Cupertino and are thriving! You meet amazing people and they treat you well.
Stressful work but worth it
Great environment, fun working on many amazing initiatives
Apple has a great work culture.
Flexible hours, higher paying mall/ retail job. More mature work environment. Positive environment. Pretty good discounts, great benefit options. You get stock options and something equivalent to profit-sharing.
If you pay attention to the culture talk and apply it carefully, you will get excellent training in how to succeed in finding future jobs. I gained some real business skills. Also, free trip to the Bay Area (depending on where your store is or your luck). Not being flippant, Genius training really is a fantastic experience, and I wouldn't trade it for the world.
-Working with highly talented, motivated people -Amazing leadership at all levels of the company -Great workplace culture -Access to amazing benefits and compensation
Good pay, Great culture, Great benefits
Great community of people who make work fun.
The people you work with very quickly become family
Great benefits, great leadership, coworkers are like family
great training and development opportunities. Benefits are amazing. insurance, 401k, stock plan, etc. Would still be working there had I not been offered a multi store management position with another company.
Great team environment within the store.
Benefits, focus on Personal Development, sense of community
good environment to work in. Friendly culture
-Direct manager is intelligent, thoughtful, and leads by example. -Benefits/retirement appear to be competitive, if not top notch. -Many opportunities to grow within the company, if you are willing to move.
Relax work environment good people
Great company to work for with great creative people to work with. Super fast pace and exciting
Fun, face paced, tied to cultural moments, ability to set personal priorities.
Great company. Good stock sharing program and benefits. The people are what really makes Apple a great place.
Fast pace, high pressure, but high rewarding.
Good management and easy to sell product. No strict quotas.
Nice benefits, can work from home, no need to travel, and nice hourly rate
I love it here. At my old company, my stomach used to hurt Sunday nights just thinking about work the next day. Now, I look forward to every weekday. I like the work I am doing and enjoy my team. If you like iPhones and technology, you'll like working here. It is all about passion. The cafe is delicious, and they have all fresh recipes, which have all natural ingredients. They even list nutritional value!
Great place to work Apple products are fun to teach
Your coworkers are amazing and make working there enjoyable
Co-workers, Technologies, Culture, mobility, management
The people that you meet and work with are amazing. The work can be very interesting but zero work/life balance. If you have a family and want to see them, do not work at Apple.
Smart and helpful people, well-loved products
Great talent Higher quality retail management Genuinely love what we sell
I loved being a campus rep, great experience and good exposure
Amazing people to work with company helps take care of you
Great benefits, great people, fun working environment.
Great place to work for and culture. No place have I worked have I felt well respected and supported. The growth opportunity is limitless based on your personal investment to evolve. Management is always there to help and guide you in the right direction.
Everything works smoothly. The touch screen is very smooth. The wide variety of apps is very useful on the go.
The people are amazing, they live the culture they create.
The gained experience, merchandise, traveling, Work from Home.
The pay was adequate yet bothersome
Work from home, very well compensated
Most people working at Apple are passionate about what they do. You're given a lot of responsibility which only increases.
Was amazing while in school, working around my schedule
- Great benefits - Paid time off - Sick and vacation time earned depending on years of employment - Family time and leave options
Able to home work. Able to do other things while working. Save gas, babysitting, dog sitting and eating out costs.
i enjoyed working here because my coworkers and benefits were good. the work atmosphere is more friendly than i originally thought it would be.
Great company to work for Looks great on resume
Full of intelligent fun people of all ages and backgrounds. There is lots of opportunity, the Austin campus is beautiful and has lots of amenities. They offer fantastic benefits comparatively and generally better coverage for female reproductive health than other companies. They have a lot of employee health programs, they actually buy special and expensive equipment if it's medically necessary for people, you can get ergonomic appointments to put your desk at the right height and chair etc. Seems like such a small thing but the older you get the more necessary that is.
Education/tuition reimbursement if you're a student is amazing. Lots and lots of amazing benefits. Also very flexible if you're a student.
- Decent pay - Constant support, encouragement, and motivation - Awesome benefits - Generous discounts - Opportunity for growth for positive and motivated employees
Great benefits, higher than average retail pay, teamwork influenced work environment, supportive management, learning resources at every turn
Fast-paced environment, smart people, flexible hours, nice cafeteria, good experience for career later on
Good culture, fun work, great to interact with people, good team.
Discounts, working with great people and fun products
Great benefits with a truly positive environment. I would recommend it to anyone and everyone.
Excellent benefits, professional development, job & skill training, tuition reimbursement, and global career opportunities.
It is a great experience working with smart and supportive people including management.
Customers are highly receptive to the business services provided by Apple because of the integrity of the brand and its products // Casual work environment // Good individual benefits as well as fairly generous personal product discounts // Diverse work community, highly creative and entrepreneurial staff
loved it it was a great place
Great atmosphere and people. They treat their employees well and train them to help them succeed. Truly bring a corporate-type education/feel to the retail world. Great Benefits.
Relaxing atmosphere with some great people and helped me build a great skill set.
Benefits and opportunity to learn and grow.
Work from home. good Pay. Organized
Being a Senior Advisor is definitely a nice step up from being a tier 1 rep. It's a little more laid back than the previous role, and having the power to do what needs to be done for the customer and the company makes the job easier
Good company to work for. Really enjoyed the work there. My managers were very co-operative
Salary. Benefits. Working with brilliant people.
Good benefits for part-time workers, easy to get other people in NYC to pick up shifts, good training programs
-Nice, decent pay.  -Call center experience  -Basic knowledge of how to troubleshoot Apple products.  -Comfortable environment.  -Even if you don't stay long at least it makes your resume look stronger in the long run.  -Good vacation time.
Good benefits, fast paced, smart co-workers, good cafe, gym, very good learning experience
Great benefits, Treats employees really well, Easy to move up
The really does want to make great products. It is a good place for heads down engineers that just want to worry about technical problems.
Good company and culture set b steve jobs
fantastic company, good pay, a lot of jobs opening all the time.
Access to great technology, on the cutting edge. Always the first to hear about first new technology and features. Extra lightning cables. Great discounts.
Inspiring work environment. Did not feel cutthroat at all like you hear in the news. Great campus and great people. Boss was very clear with his expectations and internal competitions were fun.
Name recognition. So much to learn... so many different people to meet and so many places to see within the company. Plenty of opportunity. Take a pick.
Great benefits, great group of people
Great freedom and exciting products, decent pay.
A bit of background - I got a job at Apple straight out of college. When I was working there they paid almost double what I would've made in any other retail job. It was awesome. The work was easy. The products sell themselves. The people you work with are amazing. The leaders (they're not called managers) helped me develop more than any other job.
learn things every day, friendly and professional working environment
Great coworkers and fun working environment
The Apple Store is a fine place to work, the money is good. Coworkers were really smart and interesting people.
getting to leave the world a better place than we found it. managing great relationships with different cultures and pay if over the top compared to other career experiences
Nice pay, nice people, active working automosphere
Great benefits, good pay for retail
Very smart, personable managers and coworkers. Well run intern program.
Amazing benefits! friendly staff, feels like a family, fun environment
- Great benefits at even a part time level - opportunities to expand in the company to higher positions is provided upon inquiry - Positive Attitude
great benefits -laid back -great resources -community and values
Great benefits even for part-timers. Lots of useful training where ever one works, not just Apple. One example is learning how to give positive feedback, even when the feedback is discussing a problem area.
- Freedom to talk to customers without pushing any sales - Self development is encouraged in many ways - Job that focuses on the people, not the products - Great benefits
Working with great people, some of which are the best in their industry. Decent compensation. Pretty good benefits. Love being able to commute via shuttles, coaches, etc. Beer bashes are fun. Hours aren't horrendous.
Very good management. Every one of them is great and understanding and feel like they're on your side. Very professional staff. Apple can afford the best and have awesome training programs. Benefits are beyond outstanding!
Work at a place that has talented people. I think this is true in most places at Apple.
benefits, end of life cpu reduced price, stock options
I wish I had this job before I got married and had kids because this is the best way to earn money while staying at home and saving on gas. This pays very well for entry level job and Apple takes good care of you with the benefits
Everyone will think you are so cool
Very exciting job to work for, great people to work with. Great benefits.
benefit is good (401K, education support)
Great environment with talented with coworkers. Great leaders and managers that are caring and supportive Challenges that keep you learn and accommodate daily
The pay and discounts are great
Great people. Amazing technology. And the feeling of showing someone a piece of technology that changes their life is sort of awesome.
Apple is a very supportive company to their employees. It is pretty easy to improve oneself here. Managers and HR are the best. Always looking out for your best interest. You get what you put in. If you are content in your current position so be it. But if you want to move up, they are there to help you.
This job taught me so many conversation and people skills that will be useful throughout life. The pay is above standard retail pay. The benefits are amazing.
You get to work with incredibly smart people. Also very collaborative, working across multiple different functions. It's a flat organization so you get exposure to senior management and executives pretty easily.
Technology and Smart People are biggest benefits for staying at Apple
Talented, conscientious coworkers. Inspirational mission. Fun environment, great friendly culture. Design thinking and innovation truly a foundation of the company. Opportunities to make a difference abound.
Flexible hours Great benefits A company that really cares about their employees and makes them feel valuable
Working from home is great and helping customers is very rewarding. Apple has taken great care of me since I graduated college.
Awesome pay. Super friendly environment. People actually care about your success at Apple.
Apple manages to maintain a very fast, efficient environment for invention and execution. They are a show-me company, rather than being focused on slides, documents, meetings.
Apple takes care of their employees, holiday time even if you have to work your given those days off which creates a work life balance
Good work environment, Collaborative work environment
Great company to work for with a lot of talented people on your team
Stock options, FT benefits, some leaders are great
Great coworkers. Lots of "Career Experiences." You gain a great amount of experience with dealing with others.
Working for Apple is like an experience none other, heading to work everyday is like hanging w/ the bros yet we always manage to be productive while still having that fun vibe. Apple always treats me like a family member, they MAKE SURE I take my breaks, & they assure I am always treated fairly. I love my managers, they're like my older brothers, always there to listen to me when I have an issue wether job related, or the little decisions like what coffee to get at Starbucks lol. I truly love my job & would hope that everyone in their lifetime at least once works for Apple, it's amazing how some companies say they're fair & that they will take care of you, but really don't. The difference with Apple is that is a lot harder to get a job there you really have to have passion behind what you are doing, & you truly must want to enrich lives, with both yourself, & the product. If you do get the job, you would not have only earned the job, but you've honestly earned a new family as well.
Apple has amazing products the staff is really great to work with. All of the training is really well organized as well. great product and company knowledge to learn from. managers are understanding with work schedule
Awesome working environment, learning life lessons that can be applied to any company or anything in life
Great work environment with a knowledge to learn from internally and externally. would definitely recommend applying even if its part time.
Many companies out there claim to be all about their employees, Apple time and time again actually put their money where their mouth is - and prove that we are their greatest asset.
Apple is all about people, and in retail it's no different. The people who work with you day in and day out become your closest friends and allies. You hang out at work, outside of work, and everything in between. Pay is really great for retail. Culture is casual and friendly.
Great team, great benefits, great location
The company offers Great benefits. Also has State of the art work environment You start well above minimum wage.
It's Apple, of course. Great to be a part of such a noteworthy company.
You will learn lots of skill while on the job which will transfer over very nicely
A great opportunity! if you are able to join, do it!!
Great Benefits! People become your family and learn a lot.
Discounts on Apple products and services related to the company. Sends gifts to employees during holiday and have contests. Pay is very good is solid benefits I must say.
While I worked for Apple as an Apple solutions consultant it was the best company in the world. I learned almost everything there is too know about the company that changed the world a few times over. Apple changed my life for ever also in a sense that venturing off on my own hasn't been an easy experience at all but I get up go for the gusto and give every interaction a powerful experience. Capturing any power and energy to create innovation. Life is not easy, just do it.
It was one of the best experiences of my life. Definitely worthwhile, although it could be a little difficult balancing with family commitments at time.
super fast environment . easy to grow
great job for a college student
Fantastic benefits for both full time and part time employees. Great hours, and scheduling. phenomoal culture.
Fast pace environment, great coworkers, great benefits
i loved the work there, very fast pace and exciting
Relaxed dress code. Great Cafe, Offsitrs, Beer Bashes
The level of pay for the type of work we did was great.
Work with stimulating co-workers and products. Apple on your resume opens doors.
Great pay. Great projects to work on. Great perks: the food is great and free on evenings for engineers on overtime. Interns overtime hours are paid.
Awesome products, intense and passionate engineers, little corporate speak, fast moving and exciting
Company truly understands what makes for practical, useful, impactful innovation.
Great culture and coworkers, company really cares for its employees.
room to grow within the company, opportunities to go corporate from retail stores. Good work/life balance, very comparable pay, and great benefits. tuition reimbursement and fitness reimbursement
Work with many super smart savvy co-workers.
Great minds and allied values. Interesting conversations with like-minded individuals who will push you to your limits.
Casual dress and no set work hours
You really do work with great people... Some you might have noticed they definitely drank the kool-aid.
I love this job because there is room to grow
Good pay, minimal supervision, great on site cafe.
Cool Company, get to work with Apple products everyday. If your skills limit you to a retail job, this is the best out there.
They offer 401K and Employee Stock Plan. Benefits like medical, dental, family services, and fitness. Great Work/Life balance. You can transfer to any store in the world.
- Great benefits - great work environment - great salary (especially for retail) - lots of peer support - lots of management support - lots of learning experiences and resources - opportunity for advancement - opportunities for "career experiences" in corporate roles, for retail staff (underutilized, apparently. go for it!) - you become really good friends with your peer group, or maybe even family! - Amazing sense of belonging and community - great stepping stone to new career, if that is your choice
good nice friendly light easy to interact amazing atmosphere
Lunch break, nice hours, great atmosphere, the products are awesome, especially with the discount! Learn a lot about the products
Working for a company that creates truly great products Good name on the CV
Amazing company and awesome benefits! Managers are all amazing people and employees are super nice!
Great supporting cast, you'll find co-workers with a diverse set of interesting skills.
Great supporting cast, you'll find co-workers with a diverse set of interesting skills.
The on the job training is unparalleled. Great People. Positive work environment.
Some great people Great health benefits Good discount
Working with latest computer technology.
Great working environment and the managers actually care for there employees.
You get to be on the cutting edge of Apple's hardware technologies but also their features and why they matter. Various parts make up the Apple Store. You can triage broken computers and become a Genius (uber stressful), fix/swap iPhones in the Family Room (stressful), or you can do a little bit of everything in the RedZone!
Pay, benefits, culture, employees and company
The benefits are great! You'll love the people that you work with because they end up becoming your family. While things get stressful, you count on your coworkers to lift you up and be by your side.
Good Company to work for, good communication between
Good people to work with. Best of the best!
Excellent benefits, education reimbursement, wellness program, emphasis in continuous training, innovating work environment.
I worked with many talented and motivated individuals. Apple is a company that promotes from within, making it easy to work your way up.
-great perks -easy tasks not hard -good pay -good culture
Pay is fairly nice. Working with people is something I love. You get to be a Doctor for customers devices. Freedom to do what you want for the customer
Company really cares about employees. Managers all the way up are always positive and they try to build up their employees.
Great benefits, great people, good hours, enjoyable and rewarding work
everything is a pro
Team work, communication, growth, work with your schedule
The company is committed to giving you the opportunities to become your own success. Opportunities are there you just need to be willing to put in the time and effort to reach them.
Good morale, opportunity to grow and move up within company, on going training
Great Benefits, opportunities, great culture, great management, great pay for an entry level retail job, flexible with your schedule.
Great benefits, very good tools for support from management.
Nice worklife balance. Great teamwork
Incredible company to work for. So many benefits even for a part time employee. Learn things that you will use both at work and outside of work. Never want to leave this company!
Apple is a great company to work for. You are working with some of the best and brightest people and the benefits are amazing! Also the resources you have for training and equipment are about the best I've had at any job.
caring people, they showed that they wanted the people to succeed. Took a real interest into the work.
The Benefits, the free starbucks coffee, the gym and cafeteria are amazing. Also, telling people you work at Apple gets a great reaction.
Great company to work for. Great pay. Excellent training provided.
Opportunity to transfer anywhere in the US or other countries. Incentives paid for job performance. Recognition & awards. Work, life balance
As someone who was probably qualified to work in engineering, I was really surprised how much I learned on the job - it was a fun job. Met really amazing customers - had the freedom to spend up to an hour ensuring they got all the support they needed. Was able to rotate around and spot teach people 1-on-1 and got recognized by customers. one of my best experiences was sharing about the iPhone in the Apple Theater and really shifting customer mindsets - they have never heard anything so compelling!
Great Products and prestige. Tremendous amount of resources to fund programs and new products.
Great experience, as an addition to my resume. Got to work with a lot of intelligent and smart people...
Apple Inc. takes great care of its workers. The environment at the Apple Stores are very supportive and positive. The people are what make Apple such an amazing company.
Barely any dull moments. Great environment to work in. Family oriented and focused. Great pay. Something is always changing.
The CEO and level 2 executives are inspiring.
+ Has very smart engineers in the engineering team + High visibility for project successes + Competitive compensation + Geekiness for working in one of the coolest companies
Great Products & people. Lot's of passion towards everything
Great company benefits- 401k matching, RSUs, health benefits, etc.
Superb benefits, amazing co workers and opportunities
First to get a look at some tech
Flexible hours. Great People to work with. Fun and fast-paced environment.
Working for Apple is good for the benefits like discounts on product and the healthcare and 401k. Also the hours were decent
Positive work environment, but it really depends on what store you are in. Health benefits are EXCELLENT, even for part-time employees.
The benefits like shuttle services.
as a work from agent you have the freedom to be comfortable at work and the pay is steady
actually cares for your personal development and well being
Huge Impact. Your work will affect hundreds of millions of people and everyone will understand when you tell them you work at Apple.
Managers legitimately care about your well being. Fun team atmosphere. Corporate actually listens to retail requests.
Amazing work environment with caring co-workers and management.
The working environment is great and everyone feels welcome and belonged. Love the interaction with customers and conversations with fellow employees.
The job working for home was great
Apple provides amazing benefits and pay for both full time and part time employees. They also strive to make work a family type atmosphere where all of your coworkers become like brothers and sisters.
Great pay, steady hours, diverse coworkers with a range of talents, amazing benefits, discounts, and opportunities.
Was pushed to learn and develop in ways I hadn't previously entertained. Clearly defined expectations. Good benefits.
Apple has one of the best training, on boarding and continuing ed I've ever seen from a company. You will learn invaluable knowledge from the company as long as you ask questions and are okay with drinking the koolaid a little bit.  Even after leaving the company, I find the skills and knowledge I continue to use daily
Absolutely love the company and everything that they stand for. Great benefits! Highly recommend.
- Team Oriented - Fast Paced - Work with people
You work for Apple and that looks good on a resume. IF you are an employee and not a contractor you get to attend Beer Bashes!
Fantastic people to work with and good benefits.
Great work environment with friendly coworkers always willing to help you. Management goes out of their way to be available for you and answer questions about your work, job, or career. Benefits are awesome.
Really interesting project I worked on.
- Great management and co-workers - Modern, minimalist building - Delicious food at Mac Cafe
fun place to work. good pay for retail.
Great atmosphere. I was an intern and got great experience
Fun condition and nice pay. I can imagone others working in this place in such a big company. Apple is big.
Excellent benefits, great pay, focus on teamwork and professional growth
high income potential in some sales positions
There are awesome trainers. You get great Pay. You get extensive training for job. You are able to have shift preference.
Never a dull moment running an Apple Store!
Management took the time to hire the best of the best so you end up really getting along with all of your co workers.
Good place to work if you like group environment and like talking to people. Apple does cool things and gives employees great discounts.
Benefits. Stock options. 401k. Co-workers. Discounts.
Great training, benefits, and some cool co-workers.
Amazing company to work for, really treat their employees well. Good benefits, and coworkers.
What an amazing place to work. Challenges everyday and builds confinance with the "fearless feedback.
I am surrounded by brilliant and dedicated colleagues. All the facilities are top notch. Can't wait to move to the new campus. The food is varied and nutritious. Leadership is inspirational. Tim rocks.
Structure good morning friend girl structure goodmanagement good excuses on there's not really a knee problem is that there is a really friendly people environment
good benefits 401 k plan health benefits education benefits
Work with mostly brilliant people on products used by hundreds of millions of people. Excellent pay, mostly well-treated by the company.
Development, team, organizational culture, leaders
I am surrounded by interesting intelligent people who I love to work with.
Great environment to learn skill sets that help you get ahead in all aspects of life, personal and professional. Awesome people who will constantly inspire you to be the best you can be.
The people, the pay and benefits, the culture of feedback, the employee discounts, non-monetary benefits (jackets, occasional paid lunch, etc)
-Working from home -Occasionally get 45-60 minute blocks of time off phones for training. Can often do a quick load of laundry or watch Netflix while doing trainings -Moderately lenient with call offs -Customers mostly aren't completely horrible people -Pay is good for a call center job -Discount is great: 25% off all the time, plus $500 off a Mac (excluding Mac Mini) or unlocked iPhone, $250 off an iPad, OR $150 off iPad Mini once every 3 years
Apple does things different which means they innovate policies all the time in terms of providing better benefits and accommodations for employees.
Great benefits. People are friendly.
Benefits, open communication, incredibly supportive peer environment
Made life-lasting relationships, got my start in the industry, learned from the best people I know.
great work in my job now
benefits, coworkers, fun work environment, decent pay
Lots of oppurtunities, working at home!
It was okay and it let me support my family the best way that I could so I was fine with it
I am challenged every day at work to grow professionally and personally. Apple as been the most rewarding company I have worked for and I am only looking forward towards the continued challenges I will face there. I work with a team of highly talented individuals with a focus on our customers and support for each other. I receive the training i need to perform my job and the freedom to bring to bear my own skills. If are seeking a rewarding company to work for and exemplary training look no further and apply online.
Great people who have the best interest of the Company as a whole in mind, so it's cooperative. Still operates as a small company in many ways.
Made life-lasting relationships, got my start in the industry, learned from the best people I know.
They love bragging about the awesome benefits we get.
Lots of engagement with customers. Never bored and always new challenges to face. Was a great job!
Great management support. Positive work environment. More focused on the customer experience than sales. NorthPark is a nice place to work.
Apple is a great place to work because the benefits are great, the pay is great, culture and co-workers are awesome.
- Great work environment - amazing coworkers, and leadership - Apple truly cares about their employees and their customers - endless opportunities both working from home anywhere in the country to multiple on site locations nationwide. - a culture of constant innovation and creative thinking - your opinion matters to almost everyone. Including Tim Cook! - great benefits and discounts - great equipment for remote workers (top of the line iMac etc.. - tons of holiday pay during the holidays
Great benefits package, Fantastic culture, Awesome co-workers
Nice co workers to always help you out . You can always find help here if you need it .
Benefits, pay, discounts, holiday pay, sick and vacation time
The work environment is great. You meet a lot of interesting people from all over the US. The training is excellent and ongoing. You never really stop learning.
- all coworkers are willing to help - information is at your fingertips, just utilize your resources - 3 days of conference room training is made enjoyable
Working for apple is great
Good benefits, acceptable pay.
- The facilities are world class - You will get to work on nice Mac computers all day - The training is thorough and the trainers are fun, smart and caring - Opportunities to touch the lives of people all over the United States by helping them recover important data such as photos, videos and emails. - Freedom to be who you are - You will never have to use MS Outlook etc.
Working for Apple was one of the best career moves I've ever made. The possibilities are endless with this company.
Decent comp & benefits. You are issued best in class hardware. Very mature organizational & management structure. Depending on your level you will get RSUs & Bonus. For many roles working at Apple can look good on the resume.
Great team to work with, decent pay in comparison to jobs like and really good benefits as well.
You get to work with something that will make a difference. You want to work harder
Great benefits, good people, amazing discounts, perks with public transportation, room for growth if you really want it, lots of training, meet lots of cool customers
Opportunities to get exposure to global first league manufacturers as global supply manager at Apple.
Wonderful environment, lots of career opportunity. I enjoy work and my team. The job is not emotionally taxing at all for retail.
Management is supportive and encourages you to learn more and try new things.
Wonderful benefits, even for part timers. Not a difficult place to learn, and no prior computer knowledge is needed, they value the PEOPLE, not the knowledge!
Great company and culture
exciting atmosphere encouraging coworkers, room to advance. I am excited each day knowing I will learn something new and create a connection with somebody
Best place I've worked.
Great management, flexible hours, travel, innovative compnay
Good atmosphere of fog. False hopes with limitless dreams..
used to have great products
Great company and benefits, positive behaviours
Great people, very helpful peers, high energy. The people truthfully love Apple products and love using them, passionate people that work there.
Some of the friendliest people to work with and for. Not only does this job help you to enrich other peoples lives but will do so for yourself.
Management will always have your back. Hours are good, and pay is great. Benefits far better than one could imagine. Fantastic people to work with who are insightful and well rounded.
The company is AMAZING. Excellent work environment as you get to work from the comfort of your own home
It is so great with people and others and like i feel like everyone there knows what to do and stuff so i think it is a great place to be
Co workers are nice and friendly, management as well. They will go out of their way to help you with any issues that arise as long as you show you're a good worker, give and take. Training is exceptional and personalized, very impressive internal library of resources for whatever position you have. Work hard and they'll promote you quickly. Learn the library of knowledge quickly and you'll be a trainer. Do your work, do it well and they'll act in kind.
Culture of inclusion, merit based performance reviews and recognition, large amount of time and money invested in training, lateral movement hiring within that trends upward, amazing benefits, autonomy in the team environment, sensibly run company with no arbitrary demands or changes or meetings. HR policy not open to interpretation.
Great people, caring leadership, amazing perks, opportunities for advancement.
- Great benefits (Dental, Health, Tuition reimbursement, Gym/yoga class Reimbursement, Wageworks $100 metro card per month) - Great products and work ethic - Good work and life balance
greatest brand in the country, benefits are decent, the allure of working in a beautiful glass and steel store, and looks great on resume.
Benefits and stock (RSUs). Job security. Semi flexible working hours. "Prestige" of having Apple on resume makes it possible to get a new job outside Apple and outside silicon valley.
Non stressful environment, they hire top notch people that love to work hard. They have amazing benefits that really show care for the employee. The pay is decent if you are single and I've never worked anywhere with such a vast learning resource. The entire culture motivates you as a person to want more and be more! Great place.
Everyone is amazing I like the culture
experience, exposure, professional development are a plus.
The individuals that work for Apple are the most talented people I ever worked with, They make the soul of the company.
Great environment, benefits are amazing and culture is also great
An excellent work environment with amazingly smart and friendly people. The hours were flexible and the work was rewarding.
Busy work environment, customers are nice to work with, enjoy helping them make the right decisions for what they want to accomplish with our products. Employee associates are a family at work. Team effort to make sure customer's expectations are met.
Everyones very helpful and there tons of learning resources
Ability to work with very smart creative people. Must be willing to thrive in an environment with constantly changing priorities.
You meet great co-workers that eventually become close friends. Apple does something great when hiring. They ask all the right questions things that find what makes people tick. The company relies on the soul of their people. The work has its perks specially with other tech companies and a good way to exercise creativity.
Great environment, loved going to work every day
High Pay in regards to every other retail job. Treat employees really well, Great benefits!
amazing group of talented employees
Awesome and comfortable work environment !
Get to work from home (Can be a pro or a con depending on your personal preference). I had a great experience with the manager I had, she was very easy to work for and I felt she truly cared about all the students that worked for her. If you are not knowledgable about Apple products the training you are put through is very helpful, and if you already are familiar with their products you'll most likely learn a thing or two as well. You get full benefits as if you were a full time employee out of college. The benefits are awesome and Apple gives you things such as employee discounts, stock purchase options, 401k, and health care. (Good luck finding another job with as many benefits as this in college). Apple is a great company to work for i.e. absolutely no discrimination in workplace, they are accepting of everyones beliefs and values. However, I did not complete the full year because it was not what I enjoyed doing and I moved on to find something more technical.
Good pay for a retail job. Great Benefits even for Part-time employees. Medical, Dental, Life, School, Fitness. Hard to get fired.
Management - Team Building - Telecom/High Tech environment - BtoC & BtoB - Fight for Excellence
Great pay, real smart people, lots of perks
Awesome company culture, good health care, great co-workers. Leaders care about employees' development. Provide food and snacks during holiday seasons.
Great pay great environment awesome ppl.
Get to work from home (Can be a pro or a con depending on your personal preference). I had a great experience with the manager I had, she was very easy to work for and I felt she truly cared about all the students that worked for her. If you are not knowledgable about Apple products the training you are put through is very helpful, and if you already are familiar with their products you'll most likely learn a thing or two as well. You get full benefits as if you were a full time employee out of college. The benefits are awesome and Apple gives you things such as employee discounts, stock purchase options, 401k, and health care. (Good luck finding another job with as many benefits as this in college). Apple is a great company to work for i.e. absolutely no discrimination in workplace, they are accepting of everyones beliefs and values. However, I did not complete the full year because it was not what I enjoyed doing and I moved on to find something more technical.
Great Pay, benefits, company culture. everyone at apple really feels like they are part of something bigger, which is very inspiring
Lots of opportunity for growth and the company really invests in its people
I'm an at home advisor in AppleCare Customer Relations. The job is great because I work for an amazing company that has endless opportunities. I get to work from home which is the BEST because I can roll out of bed and go to work without getting ready. I love that Apple takes care of its employees in every aspect.
To begin, getting into Apple is difficult and time consuming, although once you get the job everything you worked for matters so much more! Apple has a culture where people respect people. Does not matter which department you are on, or who works below you or above you. You get the support, friendship and respect from everyone. Also it is Apple, best products and won best customer service awards year after year!
Great product. Great company culture. Great people. Great benefits.
Great to start out at, there's no room for growth like there used to be
most advanced technology, a lot of new stuffs to learn
There are lots of amazing and innovative people who work here. They are always there for help.
The people are the best part of Apple. With so many personalities and hobbies and outside interest we have a well rounded group of people that are friendly and willing to help not only customers but each other when in need of help or an answer.
Multinational Base International interaction with cultures. Trusted with Responsibility. Fast Paced Changing Environment
Good pay especially if you are a college student, you will have time for personal development, great benefits, fun/creative culture, greater opportunities within the company
Great benefits, good overtime pay, and nice work environment.
It was interesting and fun to work at apple mainly because of the pay and all the benefits coming from apple itself. I use a lot of their products so the discount helped a lot.
It's fun and pays a bunch of money so I liked it when I worked there at Apple that is where I worked
If you consistently use the experience to develop, there is no experience like it in the professional world. Learning and change is constant, fast paced, and the norm.
Discounts on Apple products. Reimbursed dinner. Motivated co-workers. High pay comparing to my previous employer. 2 weeks of shut-down. Managers are highly competent.
Apple Perks/ Benefits, Great resume liner and has amazing people and creativity. This is a company that will give you Opportunities to get your education then give you a job when you're done.
Great environment, good people to work with and for. Always a positive day!
Good facilities and tools and parking
Flexible schedule, work from home, given equipment
You get to see the way in which these masterminds work. It's amazing to see so many amazing designs come to life in the blink of a 2 months span.
Great Perks, great people, great customers
Great people to work with, develops critical thinking and progressive learning.
Develop great comunication skills that apply outside of work as well. Benefits, stock options, and 401k even as a part-time employee. Of course discount on products and getting to work with an amazing team of very talented individuals
Great team, great benefits, great companay
Lots of Benefits Great Work Culture Great Co-Workers
You are solving problems at a scale that only the 10 cloud companies in the world can do. The work is never ending but you get a lot of job satisfaction.
Loved my time at Apple. I worked with some of the most talented people on this planet!
Great coworkers that in some ways can become your family.
Best benefits I've seen for a full or part-time retail job. Genuinely positive company culture. Yes, we have our cult-ish moments, but then the company commits real money and time to support its idealistic talk. Apple constantly improves things for employees.
Great environement. Everyone is very friendly
Excellent benefits package even for PT employees, generous product discounts, super positive, upbeat atmosphere, lots of room to move up the ladder if you're committed, and they constantly feed us good food - all with a company that celebrates inclusion and diversity - and you can wear shorts to work.
multicultural environment, crop of the cream
- Working from home - Great team and accessible managers - Awesome benefits - Competitive pay
Great for work/life balance.
Team is diverse and filled with so many people to learn from.
Working at home, amazing co-workers, ability to move up in the company if you push for it, recognition for working hard, and the best benefits in the universe.
Great benefits . Team oriented environment and helpful term to help you be successful. Growth is not limited to a specific area in the company so you can choose your part of growth.
Good Benefits Flexible Work Hours Apple on your resume
Okay amount of money and discount on all Apple products
Coworkers were creative and kind people. I opened the 5th avenue store pre-iphone, and that was fun. It stopped being fun once the iphone came out.
Great management all around. Benefits are amazing. This company really invests in its employees.
Pay is ok and allows for OT.
Innovation, fast pace, new stuff to work on all the time. Efficiency. Saw Steve jobs and Tim Cook. Nice people.
Pay is ok and allows for OT.
People are smart and the job is challenging
Smart colleagues, challenging projects and schedule.
Constantly learning, great discounts. Being apart of a large training system that gives you customer service and sales tools you can use in any aspect in life.
decent pay, ok company to work for. can be fun
You are likely to work with a good crowd of people. Apple does a good job hiring likable people.
Good benefits. Co-workers are great.
Tons of room to grow into different roles, especially if you are willing to relocate, great benefits and competitive pay
Everything is great at Apple! Amazing Salary (base salary + stock awards), Great Benefits, Lots of Autonomy with your projects. Very smart co-workers. Never get bored because there is always great new projects going on. Corporate holidays and end-of-year breaks are an amazing plus.
Apple itself is a great company
You get to work with a diverse group of people.
Benefits and pay are two of the only things that really keep people holding on. Most people dislike working there.
Great family, great support, great corporate culture
Steady work. prestigious work environment. center of the tech world.
Using the products on a daily basis is a pro. Many interesting customers to work with each day makes a work day go by quickly.
Decent pay, particularly for those who speak more than one language
•They sell fine Apple products
High quality QA. Apple University is educational.
Very rewarding and satisfying job. Sales Specialists are not on commission and are judged on customer satisfaction, not sales. Part time, flexible schedules, rest of staff very helpful.
Amazing benefits, no dress code, great cafe and gym
Love apple tech, interacting with people, helping old people new to tech. If you are a little ocd about then visuals might be for you. Cool discounts
Apple offers an exciting work environment where time passes quickly and you're on your way. The company also does care for its employees in that it offers amazing benefits that are hard to find elsewhere.
there are none this company is a complete waste of space time and energy and develops the worst products in its business
Good pay many benefits and opportunities
Good learning opportunities from smart people. People are generally nice and kind to work with.
very responsive to changing technology
Apple is the greatest employer I have ever had. They treat me like a valued human being, which I can't say for other places. My store in particular is very much like a family. We take care of each other and go out of our ways to make each other feel appreciated, even on the tough days. The work environment is busy and customers can be challenging, but my coworkers keep me sane and satisfied with my job
Ability to work from home, friendly co-workers. Closely work with management to provide best customer experience.
Great Company with excellent training and superior management, I appreciate the flexibility of working from home. This is a great job if you are in school.
Relocation and stock options are very good
Great People, good culture, fast paced
The best experience for personal and professional growth. Especially amazing if you are currently in school
1. You are working with apple products. 2. Diversity/Mix of different cultures. 3. A good temporary job(little better than working at Target, Walmart, Costco etc) for a fresh out engineering grad but not as a career.
Great people, good pay, benefits, supporting team.
Amazing benefits. Great experiences and the opportunity to work in different locations
Benefits are great and are the additional perks. The sales group has begun to cut back on pay though.
The culture is awesome at apple! People are encouraged to be who they are and you feel accepted. They do love their customers and do what they can to make them happy. This is going to sound cheesy but  helped me find love ( long story) ! So no complaints it was a good time.
High quality products. Chock full of smart people. Excellent free shuttle service. Great food at reasonable prices. Most people think it's cool that you work at Apple. The spaceship is coming soon. You might end up in it.
Loved the products, worked with great people, very knowledgable teams, amazing environment. Learned a great deal including retail, customer service, and technical skills.
Great resume booster. Great peers to work with. Up-beat atmosphere.
At Home position which allows some flexibility and doesn't require commuting , frequent training , strong support structure between co-workers and management to help succeed in position
+coworkers were cool, team managers were helpful and supportive +decent pay for a college job +employee discount
They give stocks and a lot of benefits
Work at home opportunities incentives all the time
Apple has a good benefits
This position paid extremely well and had perks such as generous employee discounts and company car
Can work from home, pay is very good, benefits are top notch
Hands down the people are the best thing about Apple retail. You meet new coworkers daily. There are about 115 in my store. Everyone is uniquely weird in their own way. Which is why we were chosen for Apple.
Work from home Amazing benefits Vacation time Work with school schedule Nice people
I love how Apple contributes a lot to being "Green" with their products and also encourage employees to volenteer to make the community a better place. Depending what market you work in, you'll move up fast.
I love how Apple contributes a lot to being "Green" with their products and also encourage employees to volenteer to make the community a better place. Depending what market you work in, you'll move up fast.
Easy to find your fit, benefits for part time and great salary. Also, a company where management listens to their employees
Great team. Great environment with lots of opportunities to grow.
Great company with excellent opportunities for growth. They are passionate about the products they make and the employees as well.
Apple is a company that genuinely cares about its people. Management is constantly soliciting feedback to make life at Apple better and better. Great benefits. Lots of support. Fun co-workers and work environment. Lots of opportunity for advancement. I learn something new every single day.
Apple's standard of quality throughout the hiring process and training process is second to none. They truly invest in their employees and give great incentives such as discounts, training trips and more. The environment was focussed on giving the customer a 5 star experience and handling them with care from walking through the door to finalizing their purchase. They have great back of house systems in place and a great management rotation.
-Benefits are good for health and education
Best resource over the world, strong control over vendor
Great benefits, all around good company to work for
They hire great people. Mostly good management.
Apple is a company that genuinely cares about its people. Management is constantly soliciting feedback to make life at Apple better and better. Great benefits. Lots of support. Fun co-workers and work environment. Lots of opportunity for advancement. I learn something new every single day.
They offer great part time benefits such as insurance, stock options, 401k match, and even education assistance. You get great discounts and work for a team that is constantly growing and adapting.
Apple's standard of quality throughout the hiring process and training process is second to none. They truly invest in their employees and give great incentives such as discounts, training trips and more. The environment was focussed on giving the customer a 5 star experience and handling them with care from walking through the door to finalizing their purchase. They have great back of house systems in place and a great management rotation.
Apple has a great atmosphere, some really, really talented people and great culture. They also do some really cool products where it feels great to be part of the process. There is a great collective feeling of everyone striving for the same goal and very little internal competition. Other companies may have bigger salaries, but it's hard to beat them on benefits. If you get into the RSU vesting schedule for a few years, you are certain to think twice before leaving and watching your unvested stocks go up in smoke. Work/life balance can vary, but it's very much up to the employee. However, when I had a death in the family, there was 100% support from my management and I never had to worry about deliverables or taking too much time off. It really felt like they were more concerned about me than my job. Experiences like that makes for loyal employees.
Flexible, fast-paced, high level of autonomy to get your work done. Generally, they don't care how you get your job done, as long as you get it done.
Great benefits Ability to work from home Ability to make a decent living-good salary Huge discounts on products
Great place to grow and develop
the best culture in the world.
lots of driven, passionate, and intelligent people working around you, good food in the cafeteria,
Great benefits and pay is nice.
Great work atmosphere and compensation...
good benefits for a home based job, healthcare, dental, vision, and paid leave. It's a REAL job.
Great company, great benefit and great opportunity to change the world
The one thing that keeps Apple retention high is the "Culture". Haven't experience a culture like it. Yes, they are a For-profit company but they are not driven by numbers but experiences in which I appreciate.
Great work environment, high pay for retail, great benefits, great training
Great Co-Workers, 401k Match, Decent Medical, Stock Discount, Provided Equipment,
Easy to work your way up. Some management was great. Great community.
Great place to work with some of the smartest people
Good people, Good ideas, Good Benfits, Steve Jobs
Great coworkers, good benefits, fast-paced environment, fun customer interactions, always learning about technology and emerging issues on the job.
For a retail position, Apple pays more and has better benefits than any other company.
great place to work, good company
the products, career development, seat at the table, positive environment
Being a part of a great team that inspires and motivates each other. Best structure I have ever been a part of from management to the part timers.
Apple is a great place
Good environment. Great place to learn and develop
Work from home is the best pro.
There are great benefits for workers, especially for students. Works around school schedule and gives paid time off and some holidays.
Great work environment, best I've ever had
Work at home, Amazing Managers, benefits are great as is pay. Swag and employee discount is really ace as well.
Good brand name. You get discounts to all Apple products and you could get discounts for friends as well.
Unlimited Opportunities Brilliant People Corporate Integrity & Values Solid Compensation and Benefits Amazing Products: Hardware, Software and Services
Great people to work with and people caring culture and enviornment.
- Great benefits - Great managers
Great health benefits, great brand, good product discounts, good company culture
Work from home Great benefits This company really does want you to succeed Advancing is simple, treat your customer like a friend and the raises and advancements will follow
From home, Great training, Got a raise after a year
Health and Stock Benefits Coworkers and Management are top notch.
Great experience, great training and coworkers
Good respect for work-life balance, nice support for professional development. Mostly wonderful coworkers.
Apple has tons of resources, both financially and headcount wise, which helps enable very cool products. More often than not you'll work with world-class engineers in a variety of fields. The engineering challenges are innumerable, which makes this place fun for problem solvers.
+ Fantastic learning opportunities and training + Fun atmosphere + Employee Stock Purchase Program + Room to grow into different roles in the store
good benefits, easy enough to learn
Working from home, employee discounts, good benefits
Good travel benefit, smart people
Easy to learn job, laid back fun place to work at
Apple currently offers competitive salaries and benefits, interesting projects, smart colleagues and a comfortable workplace.  Of note is Apple's contribution to the 401(k) plan. For the first two years, the maximum matching contribution is 3%, but increases to 4.5% after two years of tenure and to 6% after fives years of tenure. Other employers such as Oracle and (before the Oracle acquisition) Sun offered only a 3% maximum matching contribution. And the Apple matching contribution vests immediately, unlike for example HP where the matching contribution vests only after three long years, incredibly, HP will confiscate its matching contribution if you leave HP for any reason prior to three years. Apple won't.  Also, Apple's medical insurance is top-notch, easily besting for example the medical insurance of HP. With HP's lowest-deductible health plan, a $3,000 MRI will cost you $750 out of pocket ($500 deductible plus 10% of $3,000 less the $500 deductible) whereas with Apple the MRI will cost you nothing out of pocket. Apple's medical insurance is among the best that I've seen in Silicon Valley, and rivals that of Oracle and Sun.
the most amazing place in the world - hard to find a company that makes dreams come true
People are very passionate to each other
For what you do each day it is nice pay. Amazing benefits.
Excellent company to work for.
Apple provides great training and involves a lot of great people. They are flexible with their benefits and work with you when situations arise.
People outside the company immediately take you seriously, makes getting traction with vendors etc. very easy. Some of the perks are nice.
Great benefits Great team of employees
Depending on your department, work life can be a challenge but if you love your job...its hard to notice
Company has great benefits and opportunities to develop your skill set.
There were a lot of benefits to having his position. I enjoyed the incentives, hourly wages, employee discounts, etc. At times it was a lot of fun working with your team. Occasionally you get "Apple Swag" sent to your house to build team moral.
There is a team atmosphere. There are development opportunities for proactive and talented individuals, if one is willing to commit a very long time.
Good benefits, incredible campus, most admired company in the world, people are smart, you can actually get interviews in Cupertino, if you have the right experience. Tim Cook is doing good work.
Learned so much at this company
Great place to work on world altering consumer products
Some of the best and knowledgeable people to work with. Training is top notch. Apple really knows how to set people up for success. One of the highest paid retail jobs.
Colleagues are friendly, smart and supportive. The work can be challenging as it is mostly customer facing but this means it can be incredibly rewarding. Fantastic benefits. Initial training is very detailed and mostly prepares you for your role. Discounts!
There is a team atmosphere. There are development opportunities for proactive and talented individuals, if one is willing to commit a very long time.
Time off, benefits , vacation times
Brand name and discounted products
extremely open and positive place to work. the culture of fearless feedback keeps any growth of cliques or gossip completely squashed. huge amount of support for personal growth and opportunity to change positions and apply for higher up positions.
nice products, good perks, nice location
Pay is great, even for people that are relatively new to the game. Benefits are out of this world great.
Corte Madera is great store. Most of leadership treated you like family. But remember, they still have to run a business so as long as you don't take advanced of them, you'll be fine. A lot of tenure in this store. A testament to how well people like working there.
Working with exciting people every day. Innovation is always key to success
You will grow so much here if you push yourself. The environment at Apple changes every single day and the people running this place really show you how to keep up with that. You will test all of your limits and you will come out of it reaching your full potential. There's a reason it's so difficult to get hired here.
The compensation, benefits, and overall company offerings are top notch. The products and projects we work on are interesting and are seen and used by many. Being surrounded by many highly intelligent, motivated individuals pushes us to be better and gain more skills as we develop.
Great team, great environment, great benefits! An amazing opportunity for college students or young professionals in between jobs. I've learned so much - not only about technology, but also about people.
Amazing culture. Rewarding job tasks. Great team. Great benefits.
Decent pay for retail, great working environment with friendly management and coworkers, 401K, stock discounts.
great company to work with, talented people,
Some of the best reasons are the flexible hours and ability to make a lot of money doing this all from home. The Pau is nice too. I like that
No micromanaging. Flexible schedule. Excellent HR department. Very intelligent employees. Great benefits. Stock options at a discount.
It's a fun environment as a "while in school" job, they work with your school schedule and even though your hours will never really be "ideal" it's good for experience. If you tell any employer you worked or work for Apple, it makes you look really good.
Good benefits Good healthcare Fun to work there, most the people are very nice Most of the time the job is fun if you know a little bit about apple products even though they train you
Great perks and work and life balance
Increadible environment to develop and thrive. Great people to work with.
Learn to work with Indian outsourcing companies. Learn Telugu.Speak Hindi in meetings
Working at Apple provides a lot of great benefits. Discounts on products, Apple and third party. Gym membership reimbursement, great health benefits, discounted cellular service. The work environment is fun and challenging, providing constant stimulation.
Great coworkers! Fantastic health insurance and perks.
Good team, easy going. Flat organization.
The people are amazing, learning structure is solid, departments work well to work with each other, great knowledge across the board and keep up to date with new tech.
Fast paced, energetic culture. Super smart colleagues, who never balked at the most impossible seeming tasks. Great benefits, access to to latest apple products and great brand exposure.
Great team, great peers, trust from management. My Apple team is like a family.
Nice working experience and descent pays
Great coworkers and cool products.
WORKING FROM HOME. This is the BIGGEST pro of them all. No hassle with traffic, saves on gas, no parking worries. Pretty much self explanatory.  BENEFITS. Are really good.  PAY. Apple pretty much pays living wages, which is higher than comparable positions of the same caliber at other companies. Also overtime is offered during the busy times/product launches, which is great if you need the extra money.  MISC. Telling people you work for Apple is a great conversation starter.. The SWAG they send, and they send you all the equipment needed to perform your job. Discounts on Apple products are great as well.
I am just so stoked to be here! I understand that there may be times that I will have to work more that 10+ hours but that comes with the territory in this type of fields.
Apple likes to preach work life balance and all that jazz but it's not.
Great pay Great employees Great hours Benefits
- work from home - decent pay - great benefits - awesome discount
Good flexibility. Strong training and experience. Leadership opportunity. Connection building. Good for students. A lot of discounts and perks. Probably best retail position available.
Good company, lots of resources
You will work with amazing people, and connect with a lot of customers. Every day you learn something new, its an amazing place to work.
None a very good place and people to work with. Nothing bad that comes in mind for the job at the moment
Apple speaks for itself. Working for a powerhouse like apple comes with its perks! The benefits are way above average, the staff is all top notch and they Have their act together from day one!
Work on products everyone knows. Large corp benefits. Commute Alternatives throughout SF Bay Area.
Pay good, good benefits, flexible hours, discounts
Company culture is pretty good.
Apple pays everyone well. Above average retail pay, amazing benefits! Managers will come talk to us, have a conversation and get to know each other, instead of just nothing-to-talk-about-if-it's-not-work-related. Lot of coworkers, amazing products and accessories to play with. Lot of freedom in dresscode, working hours, taking breaks(no micro-managing on lateness). Lot of talented co-workers with all sorts of talent. We work as a team, support each other-coworkers and managers. Managers here are exceptionally respectful, very well trained to lead (some people say apple hire a lot of outside managers, who cares, most important is they are competent leaders). Lot of very interesting customers, get to see a lot of celebrities. Apple as a company actively listens to feedbacks. Constantly provide things that enriches our work environment like food, music, more vending machine, etc. Apple has so many benefits that even me as a part-time can't even count!  Overall Apple changed my life for the better!! Lifted me out of poverty :D Helped me developed better personality traits like learning to setup expectations, developing habit of thinking outside the box,etc.
They care for you as an employee and value your input. They compensate tremendously and make sure every employee is happy!
Great pay especially for a college student. Company really cares about the growth of each employee and trains you very well.
Opportunity to grow in business team
Apple is one of the most progression minded companies of the hip future movement. Other companies are with it and may even catch up, but Apple definitely paved the way.
Apple is one of the most progression minded companies of the hip future movement. Other companies are with it and may even catch up, but Apple definitely paved the way.
It's good company to work with.
• Lots of accountability and responsibility given to the individual, with lots of trust from management. I was expecting the opposite before starting there, so that was a wonderful surprise.  • Entry salaries are fair, but from the stories I've seen around myself, if you get results, you get rewarded very quickly, and by a lot.  • Benefits more that fair, I heard it's one of the best, if not the best, in the Valley.  • People. In my corner of things, there was very little politics, and everybody was here trying to simply do their best with each other. Really amazing work environment.  • They don't hire fanboys in engineering, so you get a really nice variety of mindsets.  • Diversity, while still at a disappointing Silicon-Valley-esque level, is much better than in other Silicon Valley companies, and you can feel that it's that way because they know that's how you get a really complementary workforce. The campus itself just "feels" great (even though a bit cramped in collective spaces like restaurants, but they're working on it!).
The best role in the Apple Store in terms of job duties, pay, etc.
Not very metric-based. Very simple and fun place to work with big focus on the employees happiness. Good pay for retail but definitely not easy to get into.
Good pay and benefits for most positions
Great people and often fun. The customers typically weren't too bad, either.
Fast paced environment with lots of people-person opportunities, whether it's working with the customer or with peers. An environment full of bright and engaging peers. For a retail job, it pays a nice wage, yet at the same time it's not like any other retail job and you really do earn every penny of that wage. Aside from the pay, the other benefits are great too: product and service discounts, healthcare benefits, tuition reimbursement and paid time off for both full- and part-time employees. During hectic times such as product launches and holiday, the company effectively ensures that a fun environment is maintained.
Great place to work, lots of upward mobility, promotion. Strong compensation, smart co-workers, interesting work.
Brilliant people, brilliant products.Exceptional leadership.
You work in a dynamic environment that will teach you valuable life lessons on a regular basis. Surrounded by amazing people for the most part that all have something to bring to the table.
Awesome company. Awesome compensation and benefits. It's relatively easy to move between orgs once you are in and have put in a few years. You get a chance to work with industry leading engineers.
Fantastic co-workers and management on my team. Large corporate environment provides wonderful opportunities for knowledge/experience growth. Transportation options are great for commuting to Silicon Valley from throughout the Bay area. Benefits are awesome.
Real friendly people Great benefits even for a part timer Very appreciative
Working with the best people in the planet
Good discounts and fun enviroment.
Excellent benefits, good pay, good discounts, generally a good management team
People, product, environment. If you enjoy working with intelligent and interesting people selling the best product in a extremely fast paced environment you will love it.
The team you work with is great. Everyone is encouraging and willing to help.
Great company, exciting work with driven people from all backgrounds.
Amazing training, support and growth of skills
Fun and extremely beneficial benefits.
Fast Pace, Fun environment, Diverse employees, Everyday is different. Felt appreciated for the hard work.
I love my job. I feel so good coming into work. I am the happiest I've ever been since I started working for Apple. Lots of career opportunities. Great benefits. Awesome pay ( so I don't understand those who complain about it ) . Amazing team and environment. Rewarding work.
You'll definitely get your scheduled 40 hrs, and there is no question of job security. Benefits are unbelievably amazing. Full time employees share the same benefits plans as corporate.
Good training program Ease you into taking calls
As a retail operator, retail pay is above average, but may not remain above average with initiatives to push up the minimum wage. Cutting-edge and well-recognized brand that has opened doors for people who have left the company. Good benefits.
Great n challenging projects that I have never seen before. Happy to see that my work is visible in customer hands
Good company to work for.
great benefits and work environment. My boss is great! awesome introduction to a higher business setting. Work from home
Great healthcare benefits and discounts
Amazing benefits, amazing people (coworkers and managers), wonderful environment, so positive and refreshing, progressive company, lives its values. Would have worked here forever if I hadn't had to relocate.
Great Benefits, lots of development. If you ever leave, there are tons of people who love seeing Apple on your resume
Awesome Pay Interesting Coworkers- I worked with producers, artists, professors, and an oncologist A lot of Training Unbelievable Benefits Great Managers- Leads
Great people to work with. Everyone is positive. Loved helping people. Highly recommend this job.
Competitive pay and great benefits
Experience of a lifetime. Great job to learn about tech.
Great co-workers, great benefits, good compensation
Awesome company. A lot of opportunities.
Apple designs the best mobile CPUs of anyone. The strong team this company has assembled is years ahead of the competition. It's exciting to see things you work on going into the market-leading products. There is a less formal process for getting things done than at other large companies.
Started in retail, and later moved into corporate. It's all about you.  Great personal development schemes and lower level management really wants every individual to get where they need to be.
It was alright, provided a lot of experience which is always great.
Great Company to work for Good Job with pretty good pay for being a part time job from home.
Good pay, excellent benefits, discounts, but not just on Apple products. Opportunity for growth, ability to transfer to other departments easily.
- Great benefits - Great company atmosphere - Great communication between staff and management - Fun! No uniform, friendly environment, you feel like you're part of a family.
Awesome support, products and people who work there
-incredible coworkers and managers -benefits -a very rewarding experience
Great Brand, big reputation Amazing people Cutting edge tech
-great people -manager very involved in development -plenty of apple swag -great benefits and discounts
- work life balance - colleagues - tech fan culture
Great benefits, great people, good pay. Great product discounts. Opportunities for advancement
Every day was different yet exciting and a very upbeat and fun environment! Was able to meet and connect with many different people. Discounts and benefits were great!
Very cool stuff is happening
great pay and environment. Open communication.
Cool environment - Great company and innovation
I got a good team and it made all the difference. Look into specifics before you sign.
Great people and products. Apple is a company you can be passionate about selling other people on.
loved every single minute of it
it was amazing experience i will never forget
Great team atmosphere and a strong company culture create an environment in which you feel comfortable and thus are more likely to succeed. They are great teachers and are patient with you, which allows you to focus on the customer service and the quality of the product being presented, rather than being worried about your future employment.
Energetic and positive work environment
Great people, great hours, and great culture
Work from home. Extensive training and very good support from middle management. Decent employee discounts. Product perks and morale booster bonuses.
Good benefits, great team, opportunities for advancement fun work environment
You can very well find yourself with the company, overall the best culture you could ask for.biggest benefit are the people that work there are a huge wealth of knowledge.
Smart and motivated team is great to work with. It's also fun to work on products that so much of the world uses.
great people and great career opportunities
Great place, team, and opportunities to move up.
Great work environment, great benefits, great life balance
Flexibility, independence, amazing opportunity to work from home and not have someone constantly micromanaging you from behind
Rewards results, plenty of interesting work, many smart peers to learn from, competent executives, demands excellence all around, fun environment
Flexibility, independence, amazing opportunity to work from home and not have someone constantly micromanaging you from behind
Great and smart people. Enjoyable environment.
Fast paced job, pretty good pay, good benefits, caring upbeat co-workers, fun work environment.
They have great benefits for both full-time and part-time workers. You learn the necessary skills - which can be advanced with their employee development services - for any career, whether it be with Apple or another Company.
The pros working for apple are: flexible work schedule, room for advancement, and a family company culture. They believe in team work.
Decent pay on top of tuition reimbursement Full health care and flexible schedule
- Good pay. - Good benefits. - Good food. - Get free Apple products (while you're there).
Great people and great self development
you want to work here if you want to give up your life
Rewards results, plenty of interesting work, many smart peers to learn from, competent executives, demands excellence all around, fun environment
I worked at two different stores, one in New York City and one in California (Bay Area).  I really enjoyed having a structure to each day and a sense of direction and goals within my role.  They provided excellent training and were supportive of my desire to transfer, even matching my pay. When I hit a rough patch in my life, they provided a lot of good resources for me and were really understanding, which is pretty rare and pretty great.  I also just had fun working there. There were many days where I laughed so hard that my face hurt. I made a lot of wonderful friends and it changed my life.  It is what you make of it and no, it's not for everyone. But it's a great way to get into the tech industry and can take you far. It also really IS the best retail job, if you're looking to go that route. It's really rewarding and you're always learning new things. The perks/benefits/discounts are great.
A fantastic experience with top notch people as coworkers. We all were truly lie family to each other. Company is always changing and evolving. Starting to feel very corporate though. Product launches were a blast!
Was thrilling to work on projects I wanted to advance on my own time and be supported by the company!
Definitely give you the tools you need to succeed. A very friendly environment all around. I did the college program so they also sent me plenty of random times like shirts, cups, bags with Apple branding on it.
Great working experience, get to learn a lot due to the great products you deal with and travel is good
Great Company that cares about its employees and provides wonderful benefit packages. Good opportunities for advancement through the ranks. Likes to hire from within when available. Overall fantastic company to work for.
Apple is always a front leader in new and creative technology. Its great to get a jumpstart on whats coming next
Great environment. The people you work with at Apple are some of the top people in their fields. You meet extreme use of collaboration amongst teammates and others outiside of your team.  Training is amazing. They really want their employees to excel and give them the right tools to do so. The key is taking he initiative to want to learn and improve.  I leaned more about business and marketing than I did in my two colleges that I attended.
Apple is a great place to work because they really understand that if you want your employees to take care of your customers, you have to take care of your employees. Apple is a world leader in customer service, their customers expect the best service! Because of this Apple takes great care of their employees. They offer a great total compensation package, training, benefits and support. Having employees that like their jobs, the company they work for and the people they work with, they are genuinely happy to help their customers and create a positive experience while resolving their customer's concerns.
Great people, great benefits, weekdays off at times, good pay for retail. You will spend all day on your feet and the environment is fast paced. Can be very hectic most of the time in the genius bar part of the store. Our team of about 50 in the genius part managed anywhere from 200-500 support reservations per day. They have very good training and even opportunities for retail employees to work temporary position in corporate Apple.
Pay is good, people are okay
Work culture depends on the group you are working. The group I am in has very good culture.
good experience in terms of learning customer service and sales
If you want to work with intelligent people join Apple. Fast paced no politics and excellent pay.
Fun place to work. I really enjoyed working with my team.
good pay. good benefit. morale is high
Lots of room for personal growth and development, good benefits, company perks.
Working for the greatest company on the planet has its perks: great benefits package, non-traditional benefits, stock purchase plan, stock grants, challenging and rewarding work, doing something that actually makes an impact on people's lives. It's also great to work for a company where the leadership actually cares about and listens to the employees.
Smart and dedicated teams, awesome perks, great weather, happy coworkers (on most teams)
Flexible Schedule. Great benefits. No real pressure to do anything. Interesting Human interaction
Great company to work for.
Benefits Work from home iMac provided to use for work Discount Can't think of any others LOL
The name 'Apple' goes a long way.
Great benefits- health, vision, dental, discounts Great training Chances for advancement Great for longevity Great co-workers and sense of team
Great work environment, awesome co-workers!
Cool job. Gray benefits but
I've acquired many skills from the experiences at Apple.  Perks of an Apple employee are great.  You'll work with the most talented, enthusiastic, and creative human beings on this earth.  You'll establish life long skills.
Great work culture. Some of the best people I have ever worked with. Company cares for its employees and it shows.
It's really fun and the people who work there are amazing!!i love all apple products and working for them is a honour
Amazing people. Great atmosphere. Management really cares.
Tons of energy, tons of knowledgeable co-workers
NOT a job that thinks seniority is a good idea. If you work hard you get paid well even if it's your first year on the job.
great place to challenge your patience, to test yourself against a variety of different people.
Apple really cares about their employees as people. They are serious about getting feedback from employees and making changes based on that. They have some sales quotas, but they are not difficult if you put in the effort. The community is really positive, and they (for the most part) do a good job hiring managers that can motivate you every day. The benefits are great too - they'll comp your public transit memberships, your gym memberships, and even offer 401k matching and discounted stock purchase plans.
A big company that works very hard to seem small in a retail setting. In general, I always had a close relationship with my bosses and coworkers and felt empowered to make my own decisions. Great benefits for retail Health insurance, PTO, stock options and a nice discount.
You can wear jeans and it's an easy job to do.
Very flexible when it comes to scheduling and making it work for you as a part timer. I also really enjoyed the openness to learn and grow.
very knowledge coworkers. phd's in machine learning from top schools. helpful and friendly manager as well.
Even at retail you'll work with some of the brightest people you've ever met in your life. Definitely made some friends for life. Apple is great at finding really amazing people to work with.
Fun, get to woke with really diverse, talented people, everyday is different, always learning something new. Occasionally will make a meaningful impact on a customer's life.
You get to work with a lot of interesting people with bright futures ahead of them, and you get to sell some really interesting technology.
Incredible benefits - best in the business
Great company to work for!
This is the job you want if you are passionate about the company. You work with the most amazing people, and you have a blast.
- Great name on your resume - The experience of traveling the world (Asia) and managing complex supply chains - Decent opportunities if you want to sign your life away
Discounts on products I was going to buy anyway. Benefit packages were very generous for part-time employees.
There are great benefits, flexible work hours for college students
The people at the company make it. The way they do their interviews to figure out who is a good fit at Apple is great. They also review how you're doing on a regular basis to make sure you are align with the company values.
great job, they really value the people
great job, they really value the people
one of the best high tech company in the world. smart people are all around,. you can grow your skills and learn the most from here
Fun working environment that allows you to make some great friends. I would recommend to anyone in college looking for a good paying job with great benefits.
Great people, some really rewarding work, and access to the cutting edge of technology.
Great company culture - the people I get to work beside, are the highlight of my day! Great benefits. You get to be a part of bringing innovation to the market.
Great company with many possibility to improve your career
Excellent Team. Encouraging and supportive Management. Stellar Benefits.
Great Company, Great Pay, Opportunity for advancement
- I was able to work from home which was convenient for me since I'm a student. - I was able to help and assist people with their issues - The benefits were awesome
the benefits were insane. WAY better than what I'm getting at white collar startups right now. I got to work in an environment that was full of energy, and interact with new people all the time, which meant always learning new things, which was great. Very stimulating environment, and a larger (albeit slow-moving) corporate attitude that did its best to take very good care of its employees.
Great company with many possibility to improve your career
It's Apple so at least it has some prestige to it. Working at the store allows you to interact with many different kinds of people everyday.
I learned more about people, communication, and interaction from working at Apple than I have doing anything else in my life. The team at the store became my second family, and I was able to make more working at Apple than the majority of people my age that I knew. Absolutely the best retail job there is.
You get a sense of your contribution in apple products when you see other people use it. Opportunities to learn and experiment things out of your comfort zone.  Good Benefits : 401K Match, Employee discounts on apple products, ESPP, RSU.
definitely an innovative company for sure
Apple attracts some of the smartest, coolest, and nicest people you'll meet. They put up with a lot of garbage from customers to reassure them the product works the way it should. You help all different types of people from life from homeless to CEO and you can learn and develop and grow here to whatever you dream to become.
great benefits, discounts on products, really supportive managers, opportunities to advance within the company as long as you're willing to work hard and must have a voice letting your managers know what you'd like to do within the company
Awesome work life balance.
treating employee well, good vibes
No micro-management, competent co-workers, great company values. Astounding employee benefits, customer appreciation
Benefits, fun, keep up with technology, team is good to work with
well organized department, efficient, innovative, many perks
Incredibly smart engineers willing to put in the time to help interns grow. Real projects directly connected to the success of the products.
Good work environment, mostly good coworkers, great benefits and discounts. You got to do cool stuff and help other people do cool stuff. Frequent opportunities to experience all aspects of the company.
Well payed job in relation to other retail stores.
Some of the best people I have worked with. Very challenging! You will learn a lot of new skills about not only technology, but how to work as a team and communicate you passions to customers.
very good people to be around. Great benefits. Great job for part time employees. Laid back environment
Apple has the greatest people working for them who really know what they are doing. They are leaders in tech and innovation, and those characteristics are seen in the workplace as well as their products.
Lots of opportunity to do different things
Working at apple has been a great experience. Benefits are great and your co-workers around you are talented in many ways. It is really interesting working here.
Great pay, easy work, great staff, awesome benefits, great perks.
Training Good environment Smart and friendly people Embraces "uniqueness" and personal/professional growth
Friendly atmosphere and good benefits
Love the work and it's at home
The employees are all very talented, and the company pays well
Remuneration is above par and great value in the stocks Brand name recognition, you will see several dozens of InMails on LinkedIn just because you work for Apple! Benefits are excellent as far as medical is concerned, 401k not so good for a new hire, but it builds up, vacation also builds up in couple of years
Excellent benefits, the newest toys on the block and by the time you leave you will either retire or have more skills than you know what to do with.
Awesome in every aspect, shape and way. Good pay and benefits. Great deals for fiends and family discounts as well!
Great Benefits, Heathcare coverage is as good as it gets
Constantly busy so your shift goes by super quick. Amazing benefits! Flexible for college students and their schedules
Part time health benefits, Fitness reimbursement Percent off stock Discount of products No micromanaging Flexible work schedule Education reimbursement More perks Your voice will be heard if you yell loud enough
Job security, and benefits such as 401k match, stock, health, eye, and dental. Great as a 2nd job as the hours can be flexible.
Some of the best people i've ever met work here. The company truly cares about humanity as a whole aside from making the best products in the world.
Great work environment. I have never been part of a team that is so focused on improvement year round. Peoples expectation of Apple is very high, and that bar being set so high is taken very seriously. Everyone understands their actions represent something bigger, and all take responsibility for delivering the best they can at all times.
There are so much exciting things going on in store every single day. The people are amazing.
Lots of cross-functional interaction. Work on the #1 products that influence the lives of hundreds of millions. Many great managers especially at the topmost levels. Plenty of smart people. A "cool" atmosphere with beer bashes and famous bands coming to visit. All the comforts of a large company, yet maintains an energy of execution similar to many start-ups.
This is concerning an Apple retail store. Great training, positive attitude of management, good work environment, fellow employees were of all ages, races, religions and the diversity was a fantastic positive experience.
Great work culture and product development
nike perks, the job itself is enjoyable
Health/vision/dental benefits, great coworkers, the people you work with are the best part of this job. They are what keep you with the company. Pay is good for someone in college looking for a part time gig.
Company that cares about its employees - lots of similar benefits for part-time employees as full-time employees. Lots of room for growth and flexibility to transfer from store to store if you move.
The benefits are great, food is also superb. Many small events and perks to make it a fun environment
Energetic team, good food choices.
Great people to work with, decent benefits, challenging environment
great experience and unique people
- Advancement opportunities are plentiful. They have programs called Career Experiences, which may send you across the globe. - Compensation and benefits are above average for retail. - Having Apple in your resume is huge for multiple fields of future employment.
The culture overall has been great at Apple. The campus environment is fun, positive, and inviting. The benefits and onsite amenities are great.
Everyone shares an excellent work ethic, What you do means something.
Best company I've ever worked for, innovative, progressive, open minded. Great diverse products always attract great customers to work with.
Access to management, constant training, diverse and interesting customers, working with technology
Amazing co-workers, great benefits for part and full-time employees and the best company culture I have ever encountered. Really rewarding if you like to help others.
You will work with some really fun, interesting people. The technology is good, and it's generally easy to get behind the company philosophy of helping customers.
Employee Discount, ability to work from home
average to above average salary and perks stable job routine work which is mostly done by contractors, you can sit idle if you like this approach you don't need to work hard to improve your technical skills :-)
Great Place to work for people
-WORKING FROM HOME! -Apple works around your school schedule -Great pay -Benefits are good -Amazing staff -Opportunity for growth -Discounts on apple products! -Your manager cares! -Proper training given. -They give you a work computer and pay for your internet.
You are basically paid to stand around and talk to people.
High pay, awesome co-workers, great benefits
free snacks, discounts on products
so many benefits, managment is amazing
Interesting company as they are at the forefront of technology innovations. Extensive training.
Great Place to work for people
Fast development pace, high interactive environment, etc
Working at apple retail is flexible, fast paced, fun working environment, great people, great benefits, they give you the proper training and support to be able to do your job correctly.
The pay and skill training make the position worth it.Promotions are given based on merit not personal relationship with your Boss
• collaborative environment. • smart co workers
Good management, leadership actually seems to care, paid breaks
The pros would have to pretty much be the friendly employees, the benefits and the discounts if you really like Apple stuff.
Horrible management, standard retail bummers (essentially no holidays, no days off, long hours, awful customers...)
Diverse team, great discounts, and free food during launches.
Value the customer as well as the employees opinions and are very proactive when trying to accommodate both. Benefits especially those for retail and even part time employees are amazing.
Decent Compensation and Good Benifits
Benefits, stock options, vacation and sick time, student loan refinancing options, work environment, employees are like family
The reason I would say that Apple is a great company to work for is the benefits that you get and the environment that you get to work in, which is rewarding most of the time. It is fun to play with the new technology and to educate customers on how to use them.
Great bennifits, positive work environment. Fast pace, highly skilled coworkers, great leadership team, nice facilities, fair pay, terrific ESPP plan.
At the time of this writing the company makes gobs of money, so it's less likely you'll end up in lay-offs as long as you work hard. The company's prestige is great, so that'll impress people.
Amazing benefits, always looking for a new way to support you. Especially for a retail position, goes above and beyond.
You get to work with great people
Wonderful work environment. Great staff to work with. Great products to work with. Great customer experience opportunities.
Diversity is awesome at apple. They like to listen to everyone’s input and enjoy helping people grow rapidly. Your voice is always listened. Amazing company with amazing benefits and pay! You also get to work from home so its awesome!
Great people, the company really cares about its employees. We work hard and we are rewarded for it. We have many great benefits and it is family oriented. Your co-workers become like family. Best job I've ever had. I am proud to work there.
Great team, great benefites and great atmosphere
Fun team, discounted products, good benefits
Free dinner after 7pm, Business class for international travel, 5 star hotel while earning status and points.
Great benefits even for interns (health check ups, free food, etc). Business casual dress code. Supportive work environment. Opportunities for networking.
Awesome people, you learn new things everyday
You get to work with great people
I have been working in IS&T just over an year. When I joined the company I was pretty skeptical about this Apple wing following the reviews about it before but after the first year I am pretty darn proud to have actually joined it.  The people I work with are top performers and all ENGINEERS. We have the highest engineering strength in the IS&T Org. which was not the case a few years back. This has improved both employee motivation and deliverables. IS&T is now more engineering focussed than ever which is evident from the number of Apple employees in the team now.  ... and the compensation is one thing at start that you expect good from company like Apple but to get an year end stock bonus, cash bonus and salary increase and all together is just top notch. Also earlier in the year all employees got BEATS headphones in the annual  Working hours are fine too, yes ! you work hard at times but thats just part of dev cycle. Nothing out of ordinary.
benefits, pay, get to work with amazing people
The company is very kind to its employees. It's not excessive because it can't be, but it's an excellent position to be in. I'm a distance employee with total control over my own hours each week
pays pretty well, great location
Virtual work space, benefits, coaching
it's fun and exciting to work for a company that's consistently innovating how things are viewed in the world as well as in the company
-Great Management Team -The team is amazing, they truly do pick personalities that mesh well with one another -Flexible, will work around your schedule (which was amazing while in college) -Never a dull moment, a nine hour shift flies by in a blink of an eye -Working for a company where products and environment changes happen monthly -Benefits, too many to count
Great Benefits, Positive culture and dynamic and innovative. Apple publicly admonishes their employees.
Great culture, and they genuinely care about their employees. Pay is great and the discount is as well.
Great benefits, talented people
being able to repair devices, cool pay and very nice facility its like its lil own city with a live food court and shuttle rides on the compound. basketball court and many other things.
Great benefits, great salary, work from home. Really all you could ask for as an at home job.
Good pay, great insurance, what more can I say? Lots of advancement opportunity. Love working at home! No gas bill!
Work from home, flexible hours, great benifites
Great products, always learning something new, everyone gets treated with respect.
Work on some of the mostly widely sought after products in the world, with millions using your handiwork.
the best part of working and coming into work here is the co workers, products, and the stories from costumers
The people here are fantastic. A great culture with a worthy mission.
• Insane benefits • Great co-workers (via chat) • Great technology • Fun swag is sent out to AHA Reps
Best place to work. Everyone including the managers are very cool and friendly
everything is amazing and I wouldn't trade it for anything
i loved working at Apple because they gave me interesting projects to do, they worked hard but played hard, they have a culture everyone wants to be a part of
Great pay for retai. Amazing benefits. Supportive climate and smart coworkers.
The benefits even for part time are amazing, and your coworkers are wonderful people, it's so easy to have fun at work.
Fast pace, lots adrenaline, excellent stock reward if a top performer.
Apple Inc is a perfect place to work. I'm an at home advisor working for apple for almost a year now from Denver Colorado. A perfect job because I don't have to worry about getting up and going anywhere, especially in the snow. Great pay and great benefits. They also have special programs to allow parents extra days off to be with their kids, which I think is super cool.
Amazing health benefits. Onsite wellness facility so you can go to the doctor without having to leave campus. Great onsite coffee/juice bar, cafe. Offers pick up from metro rail/bus station. Onsite celebrations quarterly (beer bashes).
This is a face paced, exciting, rewarding, and fun place to be. I work with the best people in the world. Everyone here really believes in making the world a better place by enriching people's lives through the use of our technology. It's a great experience to be apart of such a diverse team.
its a good place to work
-Great team building skills -Exciting products with an interesting retail atmosphere -Managers are very understanding
Ther company is not frugal with money
Great stocks and salary. Good brand. Wow factor. Discounts. Cafeteria.
Coworkers are mostly intelligent and Apple provides some decent benefits (if you take the time to read the fine print). Unlike a lot of other retail chains, you actually want most of the products being sold. On top of this, there are a lot of discounts extended to Apple employees by 3rd part manufacturers that do business with Apple. You have to sift through the pages of the Apple's Employee webpage (only accessible from the store's break room) in order to find out about these. Once you're employed for over 3 months you earn a $500 discount for a single, large Apple product (iMac/MacBook). It takes an additional 3 years to earn this discount again, so it's best to use it upfront unless you plan on making a career out of working retail. There are also a set amount of smaller discounts provided to each employee, which reset at the beginning of each calendar year. They make a small dent in the inflated price of Apple products, but are worth it if you stack them with the $500 voucher.  Some people would say "helping people" is a large pro of this job, you're fixing problems with iPhones and educating mostly incompetent consumers, non-stop. I would disagree. The high expectations put on the FRS's by Apple/management do not reflect the modest retail wage.
PTO, Work from home, Free swag sent to your home
Great benefits- health insurance, employee discounts, food...
Great company culture, where you feel you can do great work. The work is challenging and your co-workers will push you. People there all seem to be excited about what they're doing, which is inspiring and motivating. Caffe Macs has great tasting, high-quality food, for reasonable prices.
Apple is a great place to learn and grow. Definitely lots of opportunity to do challenging work. This definitely depends on the group you join, but my experience has been great. Yes it is very secretive, but if you don't need to know something, you don't need to know. Simple. Depending on the group, things can feel a bit isolated, as engineers may not talk to you if you're in your office crunching away, but again....this depends on the group.  Surprisingly, Apple can feel like a startup at times, with certain processes feeling incomplete or certain projects feeling a bit rushed. However, this leaves a lot of room for innovation and growth. Engineers have the freedom to enhance projects and processes at will, which is great. See something you don't like? Make it better. With deadlines though, this is definitely encouraged to be done on your own time.  Work/Life balance? Depends on the group. Mine is perfect. In at 8 and out by 5. I am on call though, and I do tend to work at home a lot, especially when I'm working on enhancements or critical fixes.
Hard works, but pays good.
Apple is a great company to work for. The management is very helpful and the benefits are awesome. I don't plan on leaving.
Flexible working environment. Fun work environment and unique group culture
Working from home is really the only benefit of working here. Pay isn't horrible either considering that the work is pretty easy.
Working from home is awesome and has its own lists of pros. Everyone at Apple has treated me like family. It's a very positive environment to be in. Everything has seemed to work in a very fair way.
Very smart people. High salary and bonuses. Very good benefit and travel allowances
Good health benefits. Apple Co workers are the best people you'll work with.
Decent pay for a first tech job. Lots of parties and free food. Great cafeteria.
Great community of employees who are passionate about the products. Some of the most talented and skilled professionals I have ever met has been while working in an Apple retail store.
Eclectic Coworkers, enthusiastic environment, excellent product
Company culture is great and the people are wonderful Many job opportunities and fun things to do Good training modules that were fast and effective
They care about their people and their development. Lots of fun people to work with.
Over the years there have been a ton of great people walk through the doors, both customers and employees. They're very diverse.
Apple benefits are amazing, work from home, and the team makes it a fun working environment
Great benefits and pay for a retail job , you learn how to properly present services and products and how to tailor them to specific individuals you will also learn great multitasking skills and decision making Stratford as well as how to properly use tools around you to make your job easier
Really amazing buildings, great campus, great food, good benefits. Highly motivated environment, fast paced, and everyone who works there really wants to be there for the most part. Good pay.
Great benefits, discounts and management really care and make it a fun environment
Fun place to work. Exciting and great pay. Room for growth
AMAZING JOB!! Nithing negative about anything here, and I have been through the ringer with other call center companies. The Managers are awesome and do not come down on you, instead, they really help you succeed. I coldn't be hppier with my job!
This is a great company with amazing opportunities. Take the time to learn all you can from working for Apple.
Pay was nice, very good hours and pay for a college student. I would recommend any student who needs to pay for college to take this opportunity in a heart beat. No experience required and they accept almost anyone.
Great team, benefits, and competitive pay.
Teamwork is preached here for the store to be successful the crew has to work together as a well oiled machine
A lot of intreating technology Employee discount Good location Good Cafe
Apple has great HR and policies in place for their employees, so you can never really get abused by any managers.  A lot of interesting and ambitious people work there, so you end up making a lot of great friends.  Benefits and discounts are great.
good pay for retail employees, good benefits. Smart people
Innovation, Opportunity, Growth in all facets, talented work force, driven organization, relentless in the pursuit of perfection and an overall positive work place
The people is what makes Apple the best place to work. The team I am with, specialists, technicians, leadership, are some of the most hard working people I know. I love this job because I get to help people every day, I am constantly learning new things, and my team is supportive.
None. Non-commission job. You have to clock out for lunch. Yes, it is an hourly job <$18.00 per hour.
good, very proud, challenging, and exciting
Innovative company, perks, benefits, and responsive to employee feedback. Awesome employee purchase options! Working on a dynamic and intelligent team is great. Always being trained and constantly encouraged to learn more.
benefits are great and great atmosphere.
I Love Working from Home
Literally the best support from managers i have ever experienced. i would recommend everyone work at apple for a stint of time. At least once in their life
Work from home Good pay Full Benefits Lots of support programs Will provide most of the equiptment for you
Great coworkers. Great place to get a foot into the work of business selling. You will gain valuable skills in presentation and solution selling.
Good Benefits. A lot of smart people around.
Fun people, high energy, great products. Working at Apple taught me a lot about how to effectively communicate and consistently deliver delightful experiences.
My co-workers were some of the best I've ever worked with. Going to work everyday and being with my supportive team made it a great place to work. Everyone thinks Apple brain washes employees to think the Apple way. I was never told what to say to customers. Managers did not micro manage me. I was always allowed to be myself when I interacted with customers. I learned so much in the 14 months I worked for Apple. The perks are numerous and often very generous.
brand, product, innovation, stock, people
stable company, no layoffs, good salary
Get to work form home. Room to advance. Flexible scheduling.
Good 401K, RSU. Ok on medical but not the best. Salary is also on the lower side on average. But everybody wants to join Apple because of their name. So company has an upper hand now. Once the beacon fades, the flock will leave because of the treatment.
I love the ability to be able to help people with their products and show them how it works. I don't feel like i am pushing our product on a customer because we're not asked to and i do believe in everything i tell a customer. It also gives me a chance to work on people skills seeing as we get hundreds of people through our doors daily
The best reason to work for Apple is your peers. I've never worked with a more diverse, caring and interesting group of people.
Good Training, Room for upward advancement.
Great company and full benefits as part time.
You get to work with a lot of good people (not management)
Excellent at home opportunities, although I haven't heard from them yet...I am hopeful.
Great experience working with multiple teams. Great benefits. Sense of pride on what your do.
Good corporate culture, good people, innovative company
great benefits, great job environment
Great company vision and culture. Chance to work on really interesting things with smart people towards a common goal and vision. People are motivated and work hard. Great exit opportunities.
Great benefits Great company to grow with The company understand that life happen Work is fun when you are surrounded by young smart people with a true sense of team work...
It's a good company to work for, and though the management is pretty big, they try to emphasize working on projects in smaller teams. The internship program is pretty well organized, and we had the opportunity to hear high up executives (Eddy Cue, Tim Cook, Eric Schmidt, etc.) speak.
Great and good starting wages Fast paced environment with a lot of training provided Very diverse and fun workplace
Product discounts, fun customers, Apple stock purchase plan, ever-changing product line, enthusiastic co-workers, great music, career growth if desired.
You can say you work for them, network with coworkers from around the world, great food at the cafe. possibility to work from home.
Great culture, very supportive, went out of their way to help you in the day-to-day work.
There are incredible individuals working in the stores, meaning every store breathes the Apple culture. Incredible discounts on products. Overtime is practically handed out to those who want it. Best benefits i've seen from a retail job, including gym, loan and tuition reimbursements.
Good experience, Nice work stations
Fast paced, fun, and always learning something new.
Apple has a real idea what customers are looking for and provides a good sense of job security. They also care greatly about their employees and employee families.
Fun environment, fast paced, time goes by quickly
Great people, products, and services. Pay and benefits are commensurate with the world's most valuable company.
Great Learning Environment Great Benefits A great focus on developing leadership
Great employee to work for, managers always loved and supported whatever the specialist in the Apple Retail Store wanted to do.
The constant support received during employment
The company and the people are great to work with the actual job itself is tough but if you stick it out it's worth it!
Good experience, Nice work stations
Great people, benefits and opportunities
There is never a dull moment around the store, and because everyone who works there is passionate about the brand and about the company, it's some great common ground to get started when meeting and talking to your coworkers. The pay starts significantly higher than many other retail positions
Good starting pay, especially for part-time. For retail, its interesting and challenging work for the most part. Good benefits and advancement opportunities. The hiring process is very selective, so you get to work with smart and interesting people.
Apple is a great company. They offer many benefits and can be flexible with the schedule. Not easy work, but it is very fulfilling.
Great products, competitive pay, good benefits
The schedule is really flexible. The compensation is pretty high for a retail job. They have part time benefits. The team I work with is awesome
Wonderful benefits and amazing products.
Good overall compensation, benefits. Smart coworkers with good personality.
Great team and management to work for
Amazing products, people, and corporate focus on cultural diversity.
If you get in right team, awesome place to be in
You get to work with really cool people from all walks of life at Apple. And the products you are representing are top notch and fun.
I work with great people.
job buddy i don't care i try to focus on not writing reviews as much as possible
Work on great products, challenging environment, constantly moving away from the "status quo", decent benefits, mostly great people working with you.
Great career opportunities Good overall compensation
Work on great products, challenging environment, constantly moving away from the "status quo", decent benefits, mostly great people working with you.
Great career opportunities Good overall compensation
Apple transform lives through innovative products and technology.
Very smart people and interesting projects.
Love it. Great company, great people
Great people to work with Discounts are good Exciting work environment
Friendly co-workers, Access to new technology
I loved being around technology
Great experience, amazing people, cutting edge technologies and awesome perks
Excellent work environment, lots of recognition
Great benefits The company is all about the new latest greatest. If you drink the cool aid, the environment is awesome.
Can work from home some few perks - discounts, freebies
Best place to work. Period.
I applied for the service specialist job back in June- I heard back within a week inviting me for a group interview!
I should start this review off by saying that I serviced Apple’s “At-Home Advisor” (AHA) program through one of their vendors, Kelly Services. However, the reason why I’m posting this review under Apple instead of Kelly Services is because my review is based on certain global processes within Apple itself rather than its vendor. Having said that, some of the benefits include…  * Excellent compensation. Apple has an established reputation as compensating its employees well, and this is something that passes through pretty well through its vendors. Even working through one of its vendors, I earned $11.00 an hour – a very competitive wage for work at home (WAH) lines of work. There also seem to be plenty of opportunities for overtime and extra hours.  * Constant opportunities for advancement. There always seems to be room for growth and development at Apple. Its vendors are always looking for ways to move people up to the next level of support (Tier 2 / senior advisor) or in leadership positions. The availability of these positions within Apple’s vendors directly reflects on Apple’s growth. Apple’s need for additional advisors/agents – and the leadership groups that support them – are clearly growing. This is evidenced by concurrent aggressive hiring efforts from multiple vendors, including Concentrix, Arise Virtual Solutions, Teleperformance, Xerox, and Kelly Services.  * Provides all necessary equipment for the job. With other WAH lines of work, you often must provide your own computer and headset. Apple ensures that its direct employees and vendors are provided with the equipment they need to do the job. (In this case, this includes an iMac, keyboard, mouse, USB headset, phone system, and Ethernet cable.) An exception to this is Arise Virtual Solutions, which requires its independent contractors to provide their own equipment. (That’s one of the qualities of an independent contractor.) Beyond that, though, Apple seems dedicated to equipping its people for their roles.
Loved the benefits you would get working here, the atmosphere, and the products
Great learning experience, highly recommend giving it a try
Management behaviors, culture, and benefits are like nothing you will ever see in retail
- Lots of training available to help you learn the position - Hours are worked around your school schedule
Work with some of the smartest people in the world. Working on products used by hundreds of millions of people is an indescribable feeling.
Had a lot of fun working for Apple. Made a ton of great friends. Not sure if there are better retail jobs out there.
Awesome co-workers and management. The company treats you so good and you get these cool little packages for working so hard. Would continue to work for Apple but I want to change paths career wise that has something to do with my degree.
Great benefits, opportunities for growth, encouraging and supportive team members
Best company and best products Smartest, most passionate and creative employees
Really enjoyed the people I worked with and the company as a whole.
Social, fast paced, busy, good people (they hire personalities). Better than average retail pay. Amazing benefits package (401k, education reimbursement, sick/vacation, discounts, etc)
Fun environment with great benefits
Leading edge company with great exposure to new technology, and good pay.
Greatest company in the world
Apple is a company that truly cares for their employees. There is a culture there that recognizes hard word and is always looking to put people in a better position.
Loved working in the interactive teams to accomplish tasks. Super nice staff and management are easy to contact. You are never left in the dark and you always have support.
Apple takes such good care of its employees, even at the very lowest rung of the ladder (retail). Apple employees are so passionate, and Apple recognizes this and keeps them very happy, from the benefits to the pay.
Benefits, people, atmosphere, diversity, amenities on the new campus
Lots of over time and extra work, Benefits, Job security, management is great!
Firstly, the prestige and ability to learn from the best is worth the sometimes daunting pressure to sell and sell big. In Apple Retail, you are able to hone your ability to instruct and interact with a diverse cohort of customers while representing globally revered products and solutions.
- Great people, benefits, and leadership (in my experience) - Fun atmosphere, despite the craziness often associated with Apple Stores - The retail staff are the first people who get to play with the shiny new products!
comforrable environment and good colleages
Place to practice your skills
eh, it was ok, kind weird.
Good people and environment in the organization
Benefits, People, Training, Knowledge, Premium Product, Fine Arts, Technology,
Great overall culture, energy, and workplace
Great people, great benefits. The culture here is amazing and people value feedback.
nice people nice staff clean place
Great environment, people that work there are amazing, regular employees, managers are questionable at least a few majority are extremely help and nice.
Good people, generally very customer focused
Best job you can have without a degree. Pays well and if you buy into the cult-like atmosphere you might get a self esteem boost.
Fun, great people for the most part. The ones you don't care for (very few) you can stay away from but overall great people. Can be a bit clique-y at times- like in high school with the "cool kids". Day flies by quickly because you are always busy.
- Health benefits are unmatched by any other company I've worked for. - Company goals and standards are easy to align with. - Managers don't feel as their name implies. They lead teams with great perspective and honesty - not micro-manage.
Apple really takes care of their employees with great benefits, good pay that is competitive. They listen to employee feedback and make changes accordingly always trying to improve the lives of their employees so that they have a good worklife balance.
great company fun place to work. the benefits are amazing if you can get past the people then its not a bad job
Excellent company never had any issues while with them.
The coworkers, managers, and the customers.
Of all of the things that are worth while to work at the Apple store, it is the look on people's faces when you show them something extraordinary - something they didn't even know before - and they get this look on their face. "Wow," is the refrain. Also the benefits, and coworkers are amazing.
Stay up to date with the latest advances in the Apple Ecosystem
Friendly people. Very diverse. Fun atmosphere. You'll meet a very eclectic group of people and they offer incentives. 401k, health insurance, all that jazz.
Great atmosphere amongst people in the same job level.
the people I work with every day, customers and contemporaries are some of the most diverse and interesting people in the world. My leadership cares deeply about m development.
- pay - flexibility - benefits - paid vacation - not alone (have a team)
GREAT BENEFITS! Loads of perks
You get to network & work with so many amazing people, both management and peers Great benefits Good discounts The culture is awesome
Amazing benefits, high paying for retail, great resume fodder for other jobs.
-Company offers excellent discounts and benefits. The perks definitely kept me with the company. -They do their best to treat employees well, especially in the retail environment, considering how difficult the job is
Pay, hours, at home, it's apple
- They really care about their employees, - Have numerous programs and initiatives that help you take care of your family and recharge -Contest, puzzles and drawings to keep employees engaged. -Best In Industry, paid Job specific training (they will literally allow you to take time off the phone to complete training when available)
- Potential for professional growth - Amazing people to work with - Great benefits - Plenty of locations around the world - Management actually listens to feedback
Great people, always fun to go to work.
Awesome team based work environment. Great benefits, infinite development opportunity.
Great benefits and options. Worked with a team of intelligent individuals who are truly passionate about their work. Overall, a great experience.
There are great benefits for working there.
There are great benefits for working there.
Amazing people. Apple hires on personality, and it really shows with the coworkers
Fun place and everyone is pretty easy to get along with
Excellent pay and benefits here.
If you are eager to learn this is the place to learn and get paid while you do it.
Ability to work unconventional hours.
Amazing benefits for students and medical, tuition reimbursement and awesome leave of absence abilities  Fun work environment, awesome people
Great people, tons of discounts/free stuff. Free certification in OS X and iOS as a Genius.
Pay, Benefits, Working at Home, Apple Swag. The pay is awesome, along with the benefits too. They offer the best insurance, at great rates, that I've ever seen. I work from home, and absolutely love that aspect of it. Apple swag are the perks of the job, receiving shipments of Apple branded mugs, hoodies, blankets, etc. Contests continuously to get you more Swag. My co-workers are great, very helpful and caring.
Benefits for healthcare, employee pricing, third party pricing are great. Can be an exciting place with constant change. Never boring. Hands down the best experience you will have in retail. Great starting pay with no experience as long as your cool. You will get a lot if hands on experience and see behind the curtain if a successful company.
Wonderful company, amazing benefits, I feel that Leadership takes great care of its employees.
such good benefits and great people to work with
Pay, Benefits, Working at Home, Apple Swag. The pay is awesome, along with the benefits too. They offer the best insurance, at great rates, that I've ever seen. I work from home, and absolutely love that aspect of it. Apple swag are the perks of the job, receiving shipments of Apple branded mugs, hoodies, blankets, etc. Contests continuously to get you more Swag. My co-workers are great, very helpful and caring.
I love love love love love love love love love love love love love Apple
-- great coworkers -- great benefits -- really good pay
Awesome company to work for
Great environment, great people, great culture, management is great and overall is an awesome place to work.
Overall a good company to work at. Flat management structure, creative & honest people who are passionate about their work.
-Good culture -Exposed to new technologies -Variety of roles -Meet lots of interesting people -ESPP -Great part-time job for a college student, or someone not reliant on only this income
Great benefits, stock options, 401K, tuition reimbursement, Positive work environment with very smart, motivated people. If you're going to work retail, I would recommend Apple.
Stock discount, 1st day of work benefits and great pay for work at home with no commute or traffic. Lots of support and resources.
Great sales training, great people, great system
Great Company to work for...
Work from home, set your own schedule, discounts on Apple products
Good pay,flexible hours, great employees. Cant wait to clock in.
Amazing company, amazing people, amazing product. Good pay, but could be better based on revenue brought in and complexity of the product and customer.
You can learn something new everyday. In fact Apple promotes learning and keeps you "on the clock" while you learn more about their products, services, tech specs, etc.  The other employees Apple tends to hire are awesome people which makes for a fun environment to work in.
Great corporate culture, benefits, products, and discount
good money per hour 60 hours a week.
Very great job and position that I like and a lot of people enjoys which reflects public recognition of the company pretty much.
The discounts and pay are exceptional, it is the best-paying job in retail. Benefits are fantastic and you may work with some of the greatest, brightest individuals you've ever had the privilege to call "coworker." Freedom--to an extent--of self-expression. The feedback system, when appropriately used, is extremely beneficial for personal and professional development. Incredible access to professional development resources that don't necessarily have to do with your role. Semi-direct communication from head executives minimize the gap between retail and corporate. There is constant access to some of the best consumer technology in the US. There is a great deal of emphasis on extraordinary customer service, which is transferable almost anywhere. One of the most liberal work environments, period.
Great benefits and excellent people
Meet a lot of interesting people.
Great bonuses, Fun and easy job to do if you know about iOS devices, great hours if you work from home, and fun coworkers.
You generally run into some absolutely brilliant people here. They're smart beyond any quantifiable measure, and they're creative to boot.
Such an amazing company to work for. They really care about their employees and customers. Wouldn't want to work anywhere else.
work from home, nice pay, fun energetic company, great benefits
-Great Employee discount for your first major Apple purchase (iPhone or iMac/Macbook). -Good for students in college who need a job. -Managers are typically very nice, and supportive.
Easy job for the pay. Great people work for the company. Great benefits for full and part time employees. Apply
Apple offers a fast paced and fun work environment, where you make great friends, support one another, learn new technology and skills, and if you're interested leadership, too.
Corporate takes generous care of us and we get to be a part of some of the greatest innovations of our time. Apple hires the best people out there.
Positive and engaging environment, you will meet and work with diverse groups of very talented people. All needed training will be provided to you, and you will own your own professional development.
Great discounts and holiday pay. They really consider you when they are making decisions about the work environment and listen to your feedback.
Company does really care about employees and listen to them incase they have something to say, for example, if you want further professional development. Perks are really cool, but not so excessive as at Google, what is very good.
-Great coworkers -Awesome benefits (loved the public transportation payment) -They do try to understand and accommodate their employees -Great on a resumé
Positive Environment to work in.
Great benefits, fun coworkers, casual dress
- Talk to people about Apple products and how to use them - Lots of training on Apple products and services - Health and commuter benefits are great
Good pay with good benefits
You have the opportunity to be a part of Apple's well-known company culture, it is a fun place to work with creative-minded people. There are constant changes and every day is different. I have met some of my best friends while working for Apple. Amazing benefits - tuition reimbursement, transit plan, stock discounts etc
Opportunity to work on products that impact a lot of people, with very passionate people who believe how important technology is to changing lives. One of the things I liked most about the company was the energy that possessed every employee and how they were quick to take up a new challenge when put up for one. Apple employees in my opinion like to tackle problems head on. In general if we had other groups that needed to provide us with any data it was expected that we would have an answer by the end of the day. Having that culture and a sense of urgency in my mind helps everyone contribute to the business that much more effectively  Additional Pros include:  Great perks such as discounts on hardware purchases Ability to learn new skills with support from management Fast paced environment ensures that you are always challenged
-Apple typically hires very smart, outgoing people. I have made more friends with the people I work with than anywhere else I've been. -Incredible benefits and discounts for both part and full time employees. -After learning the ropes, the job is a breeze. -Some interactions are incredibly rewarding
The atmosphere working in Apple was fantastic. The benefits were absolutely awesome and the incentives given to you regarding discounts is also amazing.
Great company. Loved being knowledgable about the latest devices and how to user them. Get to help people and teach people. Excellent benefits
Super positive work environment, successful products with great name recognition. Evolutionary improvements in management for sales team, slowly getting better.
Great products and company ops. if you enjoy retail sales without the concern for sales quota and casual approach toward appearance, this is the place.
Good manager, salary and bonuses
Good pay. Great company. Values employees. Great benefits. Wonderful team of co workers.
Amazing health ins., great discount on products
Great money for retail and amazing discounts on products. Amazing management team who show a genuine interest in your growth Great opportunity for growth
Great pay and benefits, plus flexible hours to work around my college classes. Super friendly peers and management and a great culture.
Fun atmosphere. Rarely any stress from anyone. Learning new things constantly. Great discount. Costumes usually come in knowing what they want so I never need to actually sell anything.
-Great people -Great pay -Work with trechnology
Great Pay and awesome coworkers
Great People. Love to enrich lives.Great benefits, stock options etc..
The people, fellow employees. We're a family in (almost) every store and when you visit other stores you're welcomed with open arms. (makes vacations interesting). Store meetings are like big parties, managers are excellent people-people. High energy, amazing benefits (dental, vision, general), great discounts.
Great perks, free food, transportation benefits, swag & team environment.
Great friendly team to work with. Keeps you up to date with the newest tech in the consumer market
great place to work with smart people
Had a great time working hear good pay, work, comfortability, great policies, great medical and very welcoming
Apple is a demanding, but rewarding place to work. The culture is strong, but unique, and can be jarring for outsiders.
working on large scale products used by millions of people
Friendly co workers Paid well Very friendly managers overall
- Tuition Reimbursement - Development as an Individual - You'll be challenged to expand your knowledge and better your teamwork skills - Great pay for a college student - Opportunities to move up in the company and or transfer to take on new experiences
Great culture, people, benefits, salary, environment, training and Management.
I work on the education sales team and it's a great division. We have a lot of support as evidenced by the breadth of the teams they hire to support our team's objectives.
great place to work with smart people
Working on new products/categories that consumers get to enjoy. Getting to negotiate deals directly with supply base executives requiring well thought out strategies and how to leverage them.
Great pay great people to work for
You get to work with incredibly smart and fun people You get to listen and meet the top players of innovation Challenging and interesting jobs Access to learn a different way to do and to think You will realize you are not at the top of your game, there is another level of greatness! You will have a lot of AHA moments Will learn so much your will overload A company that truly wants to leave a mark in the world Great pay and benefits galore! Unbeatable Medical insurance Strong diversity and inclusion efforts
Great training, lots of structure, awesome benefits, an all around good experience.
amazing benefits and discounts. lots of opportunities.
Flexible, great discounts, great cache for future emplouers, awesome pay
Everyone was really helpful and useful to help me get better and learn how to become a true professional in the technology field.
You will be met with different challenges everyday. Dress code is relaxed and you work with great people.
Really good benefits for a retail job. Compensation is good.
Great pay package, perks, swag and team oriented. If you get involved at work you can get that family atmosphere. Everyone wants to help everyone.
They take care of you. Not about the numbers. Upward mobility. Plenty of opportunity for bonuses. Transferring is easy. Great co workers.
Great company to work for, highly recommend. Awesome work environment, culture, and benefits.
You work in a big boy toy store. Lots of fun people to work with, and great products. Sick discount.
Opportunity for growth Tools availability In depth training Positive and open environment
Good coworkers, mostly competent management, fun to work with a product you genuinely like to use, opportunity for a little advancement: you're probably not going to go from specialist to senior manager but maybe in a couple years you'll be working behind the genius bar. Lots of full time spots available (at least in 2012).
i very good working with people. i feel if hired i can be a great asset to your team ive been in the hospitality industries over fifteen years.
Very good training Excellent benefits packages available ESPP Internet reimbursement
You work with the best people, good pay, and good benefits.
I cannot say enough good things about working for Apple. Everything from the benefits to the salary. I work with a great team and have learned so much.
Prototype work was challenging and interesting.
I love working with my other coworkers
Great coworkers, thorough training, great benefits, generally friendly management, large discounts on products every year, people seem to legitimately admire the brand
great brand awareness, good use of sources for hiring
Great teams, smart bright people, diverse
at the forefront of technology innovation
+ You feel like you're part of a family and not just another cog in the wheel + Plenty of opportunity to grow and contribute + Compensation and benefits
Best people to work with. Really enjoyed all co workers
Apple has the most competitive and fun filled environment to work on
Excellent products to be working on. Excellent tools available for testing. Ridiculously talented individual contributors to work with. Cafeteria has decent food at a decent price. Great perks with occasional beer bashes and film screenings
Curent technologies. Always pressing for the edge of the envelope.
Great company to work for, while working towards something else. A lot of room for learning opportunities and how high-end retail and its customer base works.
part of something bigger, benefits
Great company overall, but you need to have the right leadership team.
Fast paced, good people, good pay, lots of perks, good benefits and discounts. Always on the leading edge of new Apple tech. Learn a lot.
The people and atmosphere are amazing
It was really fun to work and a really skill learning experience. Their office was amazing and I was able to meet a lot of intelligent people.
Good work environment. Fast paced, and ideal for quick learners with enthusiasm for knowledge and the brand.
Amazing benefits, great people to work with, discounts on more than just Apple products. Management is beyond superior and very willing to work with employees (to an extent) for any need they have.
Great benefits, options and room for growth if you're bright and outgoing. Very positive place to work. Lots of support and recognition for good work, and helpful feedback when mistakes are made.
Apple has Great benefits, the people are awesome, and things change when they need to.
You can learn a lot
They spend money on their employees. Good food. Meaningful projects
The benefits are all fantastic
Decent wage for Retail, Mostly Great Colleagues, Benefits (Health Insurance, Stock Purchasing, 401K, Discounts).
You get good discounts on apple products, good healthcare dental and vision even as part time, and a stock plan. Your surrounded by a very positive team in a relaxed environment, guys often wear camo cargo shorts in the summer, girls have hair of every color, and tattoos and piercings are not a problem.
Work/Life Balance, Great Benefits, Positive Enviroment
Great company to work for. Salary is location based but benefits are outstanding! Management is the best i have encountered thus far in a 25 year career.
Awesome culture, excellent benefits for full time employees
Great people, great training, great products and services.
Amazing benefits even for part time employees including vision, medical, dental, ESPP, EPP, 401k match, sick time, stipend for gym membership. Not to mention all of the career experiences.
Sent an iMac for work. Worked from home. Good pay.
One of the world's most recognizable brands, and an excellent company for many to work for. Overall, I think the company is on-mission, and will over a few years become a solely consumer electronics and entertainment company, abandoning computers altogether.
Great in focusing on family Excellent vacation and sick time plans Awesome 401k plan Great Healthcare benefits
Not selling, you know what to expect, more or less, on any day.
OK to wok in the company
The boxes I move around are very nicely packed
Great work envoirment, very relaxed and easy work. Technical help was super fun and easy via email. Solved majority of people's tech problems via email.
best work from home job ever. best benefits ever
Great company to be a part of! Benefits, paid time off, all standard for At Home Workers
People are smart and for the most part friendly and fun. Managers are human and treat you like you are too. Growth opportunities and learning are driven by employee initiative. Most employees have other jobs/skills/degrees and haven't found work in those fields and need a steady income so are interesting to be around.
Great customer service. Job stability. Good learning experiences. Great starting job.
Work with great people, learn, grow
You will never work with a brighter cadre of people than those found at the Apple Store. Its a fast paced working environment where you are constantly learning from your co-workers as well as your customers. Technical information flows like water from a fountain. All you need to do is be open minded and hold out your cup. Face to face with customers lets you have all of the experiences of retail where you gain insight into problems and personalities. Wonderful benefits and support for personal and professional growth. Great all around learning environment!
Coworkers were great! The schedules were flexible the majority of the time. I worked there for ~2 years while in college and they worked around my schedule.
3 different interviews, one on the phone, two via FaceTime. Roll playing.
When you work at Apple, you get to be proud of the amazing products Apple creates. You obsess over the customer experience in everything you do. You are constantly pushed forward in the pursuit of excellence. And if you're excellent, you get compensated accordingly.
Great benefits, wonderful team and some of the discounts are good.
Very passionate company. Everyone is into it for more than just the money. It can feel very rewarding. They care very much about their employees. "at apple our people are our soul" It's very true, they do take care of their own. Good benefits and gifts every now and then. Especially good for a retail position.
Pay and Benefits were great. The training was also impeccable but if you had any serious illness or injury. They would get rid of you asap.
Work from home Great benefits They send you all sorts of Apple "swag" like little gifts
Tremendous benefits. Growth and development is fostered and encouraged from management downwards.
Good pay and benefits, cool people.
Making part of a company that has shaped the way we communicate, interact with others and that provides a great path for innovations.
Great benefits. Fun atmosphere. Best friends with co-workers.
Good benefits and cool company, as a retail employee you get well rewarded, positive environment for the most part
Worked with the smartest, most talented, and funniest people. I learned a lot. The benefits were excellent.
Great benefits, good culture of support, employee discount on computers, talked and interesting coworkers. Recognized for work experience, looks good on resume.
Great coworkers with an extreme amount of talent. Good deals on the gear and accessories
Great team, enjoyed the atmosphere, constantly busy with updates and new technology and launches, great product and energy
There seems to be a good culture within the company that encourages positive behaviors among peers. They offer pretty good benefits and pay rate that you wouldn't get with most other retail companies. Job is pretty secure as well--once you're hired, it's pretty difficult to lose your job.
The hours can be good and the environment is great
Great people, always something to do. Work that feels important and valuable to many people.
good pay good people good benefits
Family environment, cool tech, benefits, sociology education
Apple's retail sector has a lot going for it. The company is continually growing and leading the way in technology so job security is very good. For a retail job, the benefits can't be beat! -Amazing health care offerings at cheap prices for what you get. -Huge discounts on both Apple products and 3rd party. -Wonderful co-workers. Apple only hires the best. -good resources and support. -Lots of room for growth. Doesn't matter if you start as a Specialist, BOH Specialist, or anyone of the Various leaders. There is always room for growth and a newer higher position you could go to. Corporate is even possible, although not very easily. -The pay can be good...
Focused on making products that people will love. Complex and challenging work. A management that focuses on getting things done. A variety of technologies. With more being added all the time.
Work from home, learn to manage change effectively
Great people & product. Know what you want to achieve, learn and grow with highly engaged peers and the best quality of products.
Discounts, amazing people (peers), knowledge.
The food at the multiple distributed cafeterias and coffee bars is awesome. Who could imagine, two to three choices of fish every day! A few open atrium casual talking and work areas are quite nice as well.
- Many opportunities - Customer focused - Great pay and benefits - So much growth potential - Great training - Guaranteed hours - Challenging for long life learners - Feedback is always asked for and welcomed - Great potential for a career or stepping stone into a career
By far the most driven and well educated people I have ever worked with. Depending on the team, work life balance can be achieved.
Always something new to learn and strong sense of teamwork while working.
Great benefits, discounts and pay. Looks good on a resume. Very hard to be fired. Fiercely loyal customers.
Challenging work, interesting projects, good benefits, good location, great company reputation, good perks like stock, 14 weeks paid maternity leave
Immediate managers are responsive to professional and personal needs. When I was first hired I was told the order of importance was "You, your family, the job" and Apple has stuck to this policy the whole time I have been at Apple.
The people you work with everyday.
Amazing benefits, employee discounts, great culture, smart people -- all what you'd expect from a company like Apple.
love the culture and training foundation
Great people to work with. Fulfilling job. Good pay for retail.
Benefits like health care
Best sales experience out there
Management is awesome! Buildings all vary a lot so some buildings are fun and others aren't as much. Cafe Macs is delicious!
People are insanely smart, driven, some pretty chill... and all dedicated to doing their best work.
My ideas are valued and I feel like I am part of the story that makes us the greatest brand in the world. I get to work with some of the most brilliant people I've ever worked with to do some of the greatest work in retail that I've ever done.
Work from home, great team, excellent resources. Excellent support and they set you up for success. Internet and gym paid are only a few benefits.
Brand name to have it on the resume
Everything about the job duties, the people, the culture, the metric goals are perfectly set. There is a lot of fun things they send out for you to feel like a team member even though you work from home alone.
• top company on Earth • full benefits • endless career opportunities
Great benefits. Good company and culture that has a lot of discounts to take advantage of.
"You own your own development" is a phrase that is repeated often at Apple. While at first glance, the phrase may seem like a nice sounding way for management to tell you it's not their job to help you with career advancement (and that's true), the fact that career advancement opportunities exist at all - much less good ones - is something that truly sets Apple retail apart from all other retail jobs. Not only do advancement opportunities exist, but if you tell your managers you want to do something, achieve something, work on improving something, they'll be there to support you, help you achieve that goal, and if you are purpose-driven in your goals and let them know what they are, they'll give you the resources and time to achieve them. There are many reasons to work at Apple, this is just one of them, but one of the best things that's come from my five years with the company is the massive amount of learning and development that I've experienced in my roles, from technical training and certifications to a philosophy of soft skills that make it clear why Apple is an industry leader in customer service.
More time with family Friendly environment Awesome people Competitive benefits and great pay
Amazing benefits for part-time employees. 401k and stock options. education assistance, transportation assistance.
benefits are best in business, incentive programs are abundant, development is prioritized, internal and external customers are valued, competitive work environment, fast pace
Working for a company that is at the forefront of technology was always exciting. Incredible training and management.
Great people to work with
I worked at the Fifth Avenue Apple Store for a year along with some other Apple Stores before leaving the company. It was a great ride. The people of Fifth Avenue are amazing, the managers are caring and genuine and the pay was great, the benefits were excellent and they invest a lot of time into your personal growth and education. There are always opportunities to grow within the company. I grew into different roles consistently and so did my colleagues, many becoming leaders and trainers. It's a very laid back environment, no one micromanages you and they trust that you'll get your tasks done. There's no quota or commission so there's no pressure to sell or "do better".. It's very much about giving the customer a wonderful experience. At every store I worked at, there was always food provided on a consistent basis and on Holidays there's always a huge hot food spread along with device giveaways. They always work with your schedule and give you the time off you need. This was by far the best job I'd ever had, so far.
Good pay, Great benefits and pretty good schedule flexiblity
Excellent work environment and I loved the people
An amazing company for work/life balance. Good benefits.
great benefits, good people, decent pay
Direct interaction on projects that effect the products that customers deeply care about Incredible balance of "get stuff done" culture while also having a good time
Good company. Good compensation. Good culture.
benefits, people, environment, growth, experience
teamwork, trustworthy, amazing, best work hours
Friendly, resourceful, happy, safe, technology
Good work environment that is ever-changing.
Benefits, BENEFITS AND MORE BENEFITS. This is truly the best thing about this company. Other than that, you can find another retail job that actually pays you commission for your hard work.
The best thing about Corporate Apple (not Retail) is that your fellow employees are really good at their job and focused. The benefits are excellent, morale is high, and you might get to work on some neato new technology.
Good company to work for
Brand name, that is all.
company is based on essentials and ideals that make it easy to fall in love with them.
Amazing benefits include medical, dental, vision, 401k, education reimbursement, and more. Working from home means no commute, which in turn means lower car insurance rate, more sleep, cheaper lunches.
Good pay, great co workers and steady work. Overtime during the busy times of the year.
Great benefits, Nice pay as a customer service rep
Amazing team and really tough challenges to solve together. Anything below excellent was unacceptable, so people accomplished incredible work. Highly organized, efficient and goal oriented organization.
the employees are nice and so are the products
The benefits are great and I work with some really smart people.
everything was great great benifits and enviroment
friendly work enviornment. Good part time benefits
It's great to have Apple on your resume if you are trying to work in the Tech Support field.
Great products, great benefits, fantastic coworkers, company listens to feedback
The people you work with are awesome!
Great people and great benefits.
I once met a boss there that had the coolest outlook on life and I wish I stayed in contact
Great 401k benefit and health care package.
great products , great team - good challenges that keep you on your toes
culture, leadership, benefits, customers, proactive management
Great campus with a great cafeteria whose menu changes every day. Solid culture intent on improving customer experience
Fabulous team of people to work with.
Good health benefits, positive work culture (in regards to working with peers).
Friendly people, positive attitudes, fun products to work with, benefits.
Great team and environment, awesome benefits
Great discounts, nice environment if you enjoy what you do, good management and CEO! You get great health benefits and all of that great stuff… You also can enjoy what you do at the store and they are accepting of all people.
This company is just pure amazing with a full 401k and very generous matching the benefits are endless, including maternity leave for both men and women.
Fantastic company to work for
Laidback enviornment and lots of fun
Its a very pleasant environment and they really take the time to talk with their employer's and their feelings about the work environment.
The reason why you need to work with apple is you get to have hands on new apple divices
non i can say of
Very friendly culture, co-workers are always helpful. Different type of retail, and really enjoyable to educate customers on products and services at Apple. Great benefits, flexible hours, and ability to grow in company with promotions.
High quality products. Everyone who works at apple is really high caliber at their job. Usually you get thanksgiving week off.
Good Salary for retail, good discount, several perks such as free meals, etc,
benfits, location, people, company, job status
You meet all types of people whether its a customer or a coworker.  It also looks good on your resume.
Fun atmosphere, competitive pay for retail. Quick paced, ever-changing which keeps you on your toes.
Hands on with products Great benefits Creative flexibility
Great company to work for. A lot of opportunities for those who wish to continue growing in the company. and Job security.
Pride in knowing that what you are working on will result in a quality consumer product that will be used/loved by people around the world.
The benefits working at Apple are far better than one would receive at comparable jobs. Very good teamwork. Flexible hours and hours vary depending upon which store you are working at
The benefits are good, work from home, prestigious company.
Pay and benefits were great. Work culture, and environment were spectacular.
Exciting, fast moving projects.
there were alot of good benefits
Nice discounts, monthly beer bashes, great cafe and other on-site amenities, full-time pay is decent but temp pay is dismal, and it's difficult to get full-time from temp positions
Learning logistics and sales techniques as well as the latest technologies to present as solutions to customers
The pay for compared to any retailer is extremely competitive, the work is not too strenuous (except during peek times for sales throughout the year), and the work environment can be somewhat positive and fun
Amazing benefits, matching 401k after 5 yrs, apple stock discounted, discounted apple products
A fast paced environment, that you have to reach goals. Everyday of your work week.
Good connections, ok benefits, ability to make own decisions. Semi flexible hours. Cool co workers. Apple does a good job hiring quality sales people for the most part.
Work with the best of the best, and design devices that are purchased and loved by hundreds of millions of people. You are encouraged to be brilliant, and talents typically aren't squandered.
Great people to work with
Great coworkers Days go by fast Schedules are variable and flexible Employee discount is pretty good Ability to transfer to other stores
The environment in Apple is so positive and challenging, the desire to succeed is ambiguous
Insane amount of benefits, flexible hours, great pay, good hours
Company hires based off of personality and skills, versus wanting to know if you graduated college.
Status, intrigue, excitement, leading brand.
Beer bashes on Fridays, cool team building events, good pay, nice cafeteria and decent gym.
Get latest knowledge of tech advancement operating systems hardware software great health benefits stock options vacation benefits
Working from home and no dress code
Great Company to work, Great Benefits, Tops in training program
Amazing company to work for
The people are out-of-this-world. Apple knows how to spot talented, caring, and truly compassionate and savvy representatives of their brand. The benefits are comparable to many other tech-related companies, including educational, commuter, 401k, medical, dental, and vision (even for part timers) and purchase discounts for yourself, friends and family.
Best Technology in the World
working at Apple comes with great benefits. Not just medical, dental and vision, but also 401k, discounts on their stocks, nice discounts on all of their products for you and your friends, lots of opportunities to network with other creative people, and decent base pay.
Working with brilliant minds. Always challenged. You really can bond with your team. Getting an MacBook. Transportation to and from SF to work. Awesome culture.
- Great starting Pay for PT - Great work atmosphere - Wonderful management - Benefits offered are great - Discounts and deals for employees and families - Easy to be promoted - Great job for self-help and trying to better your life inside and outside of the job
Great resume filler and great medical benefits. great pay
fun people to be around
Nice people & team, great culture, helpful, fun
Competitive salary, fantastic team, flexible hours, chances to advance, fantastic training, difficult to get bored, amazing benefits including health, 401k, and stock options.
Working with incredibly talented people, and working on products that people love. The company really does focus on making great products, with a level of detail that many other companies don't come close to approaching.
Worked from home. Very enjoyable.
Great company to work for, good benefits.
A positive vibe when walking into Apple, Inc. to start work. The Operation's staff actually made you feel valued, which helped motivate me to go above and beyond my daily duties. Management and staff are helpful and courteous. I highly recommend AppleApple, Inc. a great place to work.
Great benefits, great people, great product!
Very nice people there, The employees there are very young, You will enjoy the work there.
Big company! Good environment! Friendly people!
So much opportunity, so many resources to learn, grow and advance through the company to have a longevity.
Great pool of co-workers. Great benefits.
Apple Retail Stores (and Corporate, too, I would imagine) are filled with fun, interesting people to work with. Apple provides extensive training, opportunities for advancement that can actually help you exit the retail industry (as many want to do), great discounts, benefits for part-timers, and just a fun place to work.
The benefits are great. Discounts, public transportation money, good health care (even for part timers) and job security.
You get Apple on your resume. You are working for one of the most recognizable brands in the world. You get to work with some very smart people
Great products and unique industry reputation.
Competitive pay, amazing benefits, good group of co-workers
Work with inspire individuals that want to make a difference. Great job coming out of College or during college. Learning skills that are valuable to an individual in their future.
Flexible hours and enough vacation to stay on top of your game. You're free to work on what's most interesting to you inside of your team.
benefits, technical training, overall fun group of people to work with
You are part of a well recognized company that is making incredible products. The people who work for Apple are top notch, and there will be some highly educated people there from all walks of life. They promote from within.
Good salary, good environment and good colleagues.
- Some of the people you work with are extremely intelligent, highly talented individuals and some just aren't.  - Good benefits, cool discounts, fun atmosphere (most of the time)
Working at Apple, you are never stuck with the position you were hired for. There are an abundance of other opportunities. You just have to work hard to get the option of other opportunities.
- real impactful work and responsibility
Amazing full-time benefits, great co-workers and supportive management. You have a voice and have the ability to affect change. As the face of the Genius bar, having the ability to resolve someone's issue and make their day is very gratifying.
Pay is decent. Benefits are great for any retail job. There is alway something to do which means there is hardly any downtime while in the clock.
-Flexible Hours -Good Work Life Balance -Great Benefits -Prestige associated with brand
So many I would be here all day listing them.
Tuition Reimbursement, Pay, Ability to work from home
Get to work on products people love.
great pay and benefits reliable coworkers
good benefits, highest in retail.
There are some extremely talented people you will work with. Most of the employees tend to like there job--some a little too much.
Great people, great products, every time something new comes out its like Christmas
No long term growth or career support. Poor leadership in the middle management level.
Great benefits, casual environment, can be fun, great discount
- You could not find a better retail store environment- upbeat, friendly. - Great benefits. - Access to employee perks from a large tech company. - Working on a team is the most important value of Apple, and you come to work respecting your coworkers, managers, and customers.
Great work culture, excellent products, fair policies for most part
Working for Apple is every bit as cool as you would think it would be. I get to work from home, contribute to a dynamic global brand, and truly enjoy what I do.
i work in apple computer/via volt temporary service agency.this job one year contract job.three month stay home start again.
Great Benefits, Great Environment, and get to be around awesome products. Its simply the best entry level position you can get. Highly competitive, but worth it
Apple hires a lot of great people, and the management is structured to help you succeed at your job and achieve your personal/professional goals.
great name, some great people
They have great benefits and leader .. Who motivate and encourage you to grow.
Great work culture and amazing training. Great place to work
Apple is the most supportive company I've ever had the good fortune to work for. It was more like a family of friends.
Really good company and working here is amazing. Always meeting new people and get the latest news.
Amazing. Excited coworkers, great product, fantastic benefits. Company cares about employees, looks out for our best interests. Wants to see us succeed.
Great hours Stay At home Co-worker group sessions Training is adequate for the position
Benefits and hourly for retail are a plus. You get discounts and stock purchase options plus a 401k
Excellent working culture of the company
Innovative, inclusive, great benefits, working with the cutting edge technology. Competitive pay. Structured development and training.
Working with talented, motivated people that are passionate about helping people
Benefits are excellent. Stock program is also excellent - highly recommend participating. Relaxed atmosphere - very casual. Office accommodations are very nice.
Supportive team members and management. Awesome training that prepares you for the job. Love working here! Very upbeat and positive environment that makes work fun.
Excellent coworkers, friendly management, great benefits, being a part of the world's most successful company
amazing co-workers, great managers, great perks, best retail salary imaginable
great benefits with travel and food
Good work-life balance. Management cares about you. Company cares about personal development.
Intelligent people, lots of opportunity for growth (across teams or in your team), good salary, great benefits
The largest company in the world you work on coolest products.Great financial pay
discount, flexible hours, pretty laid back with dress code tattoos hair color and stuff like that...
Awesome Benefits, family oriented, decent discounts, schedule changes every 3 months which is good sometimes. I like the fact that they have a education program.
Great company, benefits and opportunities.
Every day I come into the office to do my best work, supporting the Apple culture/brand values.
Great environment, very dynamic and engaging. Always something new to learn and tackle. Great opportunities for growth.
Looks good on your resume. There are some really smart people and interesting projects.
Salary, benefits, projects with endless budgets, interesting work, challenging, everyone is smart and helpful, free gadgets, cutting edge
Good culture, benefits, work/life balance, workplace environment
great environment, awesome culture, great benefits, flexible hours, good discount through other companies.
everything is awesome!!
Great coworkers and management. Room to grow.
They have a culture that cannot be duplicated and it is mostly consistent through the entire company on all levels. Work hard, pay attention, learn, and strive to be an ethical and honorable team member and you will enjoy a good career with great experiences.
Worked with the best and brightest in one of the largest, most innovative companies in America.
I loved my job I would recommend
You deal with a wide range of customers and are always learning things even if you've had or worked with apple products for a while. You will work with some of the best people that you have ever met and will have people to help you out whether its work related or personal. It's like having a second family.
It's better paying than most retail jobs and a lot of the benefits are probably better, too--healthcare, 401K contributions, stock options, etc. I've almost always gotten the vacation days I've requested (one of the major reasons I'm still there). Most of my fellow employees are fun people and great to work with.
Great products, some of the smartest people you will ever get to work with, cutting edge technologies - this is the stuff text books are written about. Very few companies can claim to execute to the minute details that Apple does. Nothing short of perfection is good enough and even then some more is expected. There is a reason the products are so good, reliable, aesthetically beautiful...almost like a perfect work of art - its all the smart minds and hard working people behind it. You will learn a ton of stuff in a very short period of time.
Projects can be interesting. Most Individual contributors were great to work with.
Apple is open to ideas from everyone from their staff. Senior management is supportive of everyone's professional development and there is a great deal of opportunity for professional development.
great culture, good food, work/life balance, and a fun atmosphere
The culture is like no other, customer are given priority over all, even money. Great place to grow. Events are super fun
it's not as bad as working for dell i guess
Great Benefits. Great opportunity to learn on the job. Provides decent job training.
Great flexibility, Upward Mobility, experience galore, nice attitudes, and consumers love the products and solutions
Had lots of great benefits. The pay can be average though. Great work environment to be in.
Fantastic employee growth programs. Great benefits. Seriously nobody beats our benefits
Practice what they preach. Everything is driven first by customer experience, not market fit, not TAM, MAU, APRDAU, etc. Metrics don't drive the product, experience does
Good job if you're a college student. Apple provides excellent benefits, including tuition reimbursement. The teams are filled with creative and smart people.
Good brand on your resume
Pay was great, work from home was convenient, management was friendly and seemed to care
Great company with awesome benefits. In general I love working for Apple as a whole, and I have met some great coworkers that are some of my best friends now.
amazing co workers and staff
You'll have opportunities to learn new things, and it will be in a very fast paced environment. The pay is little above average for retail, and there are benefits even for part-time positions. The paid time off and 401k is also pretty good.
The company really treats you well. Great benefits and atmosphere. A great place to grow with communication, teamwork and feedback.
Fun job. Meet cool people. Great benefits. Looks good on the resume.
benefits, great coworkers, close knit team, fast=paced
Great benefits, great people, stock options, great on the resume
Great company cares about their employees
Good Benefits Great Co-workers Great atmosphere Top of the line technology
Great benefits Above average pay for retail At the heart of amazing technology Discounts on products Switch shifts with coworkers Creative coworkers and awesome people
I got to travel around the world
I worked here through college and the work environment is great. The worst part is how swamped the store gets and customers are jam packed seeking attention. But management is good about keeping a flow.
Benefits, pay, input, flexibility, wonderful coworkers and supervisors. This is a place you can work for a lifetime career. In building or out, you know that they care about your happiness.
Great learning experience Amazing people Getting to work with the best technology in the world and the nicest retail environment
Great company. They care about their employers and they provide excellent on the job training. Loved being able to work from home. Awesome benefits like 401k matching etc.
*Amazing benefits. *Solid training. *Strong network of resources. *Good pay *Amazing people to work with.
Great perks with a great company
Such a great place to work, I loved it. Working from home with no commute was the best.
great company with great products not much more you can say than that, lots of fun to sell all things apple
There are tons of benefits, many great and insightful people. I believe starting salary is one of the highest and if you are seeking to be constantly challenged, this is the place for you.
Great benefits, really interesting co-workers, exposure to the best creative teams and agencies in the country. Ability to think really big and realize your efforts are making an impact.
Great food (for a subsidized price) New office with a friendly atmosphere Good interactions with managers Good team
Apple is a great company!! everyone the company hires seems to be creative. You will probably love your coworkers no matter what store you work in because the hiring standards and process at apple is amazing!
great company and highly motivating
Great team, Great development. You will stay in retail very long time.
Great team, which made going to work much more fun. The benefits for very nice for a part-time worker such as myself - included a 401k plan and very good discounts on Apple products.
Great hardworking people. Work on some cool projects
Good folks to work with. Pay should be better.
Exciting, educational, fulfilling, inspiring, test of your ability, you grow professionally and personally working for this company.
all good , nice food, nice people .
Good benefits, pay, and resources for life enrichment. Great work environment. The people you work with are usually the best part of working at Apple.
good job.people were really good at work.no worries
Amazing coworkers, good team environment
Peers are great for the most part, most customers are nice as well. No pressure to hit sales numbers
The job was routine enough I knew what I had to do each day, and was feasible. Coworkers were nice and had the right attitude, good company culture
The atmosphere was great. And received a lot of help from Geniuses when I wasn't sure how to deal with the problems. Everyone you work with is a lot of fun. Even though I was not the "typical" apple employee, you can fit in. Also, the store meetings were always fun. And the Apple discount is a great plus. Many friends I made there I still keep in touch with.
Great brand, stable and growing, tons of room for growth,training and learning is at your finger tips, good pay and benefits. Great environment. Good food and music.
You'll get to do and learn more about electronics. Also you'll might understand electronics more. Apple also has camp so u could teach campers
We work with geniuses - in every department, We create innovative products that thrill our customers and create new product categories - who else can say that?
Fast paced environment, friendly staff, amazing benefits, competitive pay, Room to grow, Tons of opportunities within the store to try different roles (sales, mentors, repair, teaching, workshops)
Great benefits, friendly co-workers, works around schedule
-Working from Home  -Apple really is amazing  -Friendly management  -Flexible time off  -Fantastic benefits (healthcare etc.)
They called me a genius and I got paid.
Everyone was great and the company really cared about it's employees.
Great Training and fun work environment
Higher than average pay, amazing benefits, amazing people.
People , management, culture, customers, products,learning ,opportunity, development. Company fakes care of their employees health in big way. You feel like the company cares about you as a person and you don't feel like a number
Great products Lots of resources Influence on projects
The work here is multi-dimensional and challenging. Extremely talented people and the hardware know-how is unmatched.
Great benefits, they have a student loan finance program, they also pay for school. After the first 3 months working there you get an additional $250 to $500 off certain apple products.
Lots of free hardware to use while working there. and employee discounts. People are very fun and young, and full of energy
Great leadership, team, and training.
Opportunities to move around the company
A dynamic environment that seems to currently be in an experimental state as to its employee and employer relations. If you can express an intelligent argument as to an initiative or benefit you require to make your career with Apple a positive one, the possibility exists.
Pretty decent discount, great place to learn basic Mac skills, fellow coworkers are (mostly) into the products, great place to be a nerd.
Great teammates, great benefits. A lot of cool things to work on.
Amazing benefits, fun environment, great coworkers.
great company to work for, employees are very valued
Great Benefits. Positive atmosphere. Exposure to solid trainings and development.
Flexible schedule, access to incredible technology
Promotes a culture of feedback to constantly improve. Values their employees. Has incredible technology to use that makes jobs easier. Great benefits.
People are smart, and hardworking. Challenging projects can enable you learn a lot. After hard work, you will reap the harvest.
-great benefits (healthcare, 401k, stock discounts) -decent pay -awesome coworkers -sweet discounts
great work environment and discounts
Allows for creativity, fast paced, positive outlook, decent benefits
I love how you dont have to be an Apple guru to work here. Everyone is welcone and open to diversity.
Fun, Challenging, great people and tons of opportunity. The benefits are amazing for retail and the hours as a BS are great.
Day moved fast, working with smart people
Fun place to work with good discounts. The non-management employees were generally all on the same page and could be counted upon to help you out.
Great atmosphere, fun work environment
Great place to work with great benefits. Always busy with never a dull day. I would recommend working here but they are quite selective.
This review is about working for apple retail, not apple corporate. At apple, you will work with some of the smartest, kindest people you'll ever meet. I made friendships that I will carry for a lifetime.
Unbeatable benefits for retail (and even part timers can participate), actually get breaks, discount, great values as a company, managers are generally hired well
Very smart co-workers (mostly :)) Wonderful benefits (seriously great) Lots of opportunity for recognition
Fast paced, meet interesting people, learn a lot
Learning a lot, top skill set training
Best people, team atmosphere, the opportunity to twork for a company that everyone wants to work. Great products, pay is awesome for retail. Loads of Opportunity
They really treat their employees very good.
Great Benefits , Never a dull day, inspiring co workers
Friendly Work Environment Management are always willing to help
Coworkers were great to communicate with. Amazing benefits. Insurance was wonderful. Great discounts on products
I started working at the Apple Store part-time when I was still a college student. I loved the fast-paced environment and that every day was different. It was great to know that every day I would learn something new, plus I loved working with people. I truly felt like part of a team. Also, there was tons of opportunity to specialize in different areas within the store. Towards the end of my time working there, management began to focus a lot more on professional development, which was awesome.
A place where you can be yourself. The leaders care and want you to grow! Even a part time you get benefits. Will work with school/other work schedule.
Great Company Culture. Great coworkers. Tons of training available.
Great vision, took care of employees well.
Great Job, Great pay. Manage Apple products and train Bestbuy Employees. Make commission on every Apple product that is sold.
Great work environment, friendly management, great work rules and the company really takes care of their employees.
On the job training  Discounts  Acquired new skill-sets  Prepared me for advancement beyond Apple  The diversity among the employees  Benefits are good
Work with intelligent people, love the product, popular product, reliable product to sell, solid company
Great discounts - not just on Apple products. Made friends - attracts similar people, generally good attitudes within the store. Cool factor Paid well Learned a lot
I love the company. This whole review mostly applies to Applecare, which seems to almost be a different company entirely from Apple. It's maybe mentioned once in the SJ bio. Good pay and benefits. I was proud of the products and services that the company provided. It's hard to say whether this has changed over time, but I definitely see it with more nuance.
Great people that are supremely intelligent and passionate about helping others
Goof ambient at the office
Killer benefits, great environment, amazing team.
Apple was a great company to work for. Benefits are amazing (401k match, healthcare, educational reimbursement, stock discounts, gym discounts, transit reimbursement) You really learn so much from your co-workers because they are just so creative and resourceful - they truly do become your family.
Huge benefits, you'll have some of the best coworkers you'll ever meet. Seriously, some of my best times were spent at Apple.
Excellent health insurance, at the time, covered everything with no deductible. Even part-timers were able to get insurance (although it wasn't cheap for a part-timer). Discounts on all but iPhones.
Benefits, Work/life balance, opportunities to grow, caring atmosphere.
Good training, fair enough pay, normal hours. Good feedback during training sessions.
Apple gives extensive training on all their products and services - they also, once hired, send you all the tools necessary to perform the job.
High performing team Supportive management Reliable systems Extensive training on new products/services
Best supply chain in the world, great place to learn everything there is to know about supply/demand management
Great to be able to have flex schedule
Work from home is a plus
Guaranteed hours Paid holidays if you don't work that day, and 2.5x pay if you do work that day Set schedule, per 3 months
Pretty good job just pay attention
Friendly work culture, training program was excellent/in-depth, and lots of opportunities to increase or decrease your workload.
innovative, fast pace, think differently
Awesome corporate culture! Management are open minded and genuinely want to help you succeed within Apple. My manager has gone out of his way to contact other departments in an effort to let me shadow employees in these other jobs, so that I can gain a better understanding of the role - before I apply.  Facilites: World Class. For real. Mac Cafe's provide inexpensive, tasty, fresh and healthy food. It is restaurant quality actually. Offices are new and look and feel like an Apple retail store. They did not spare any expense on design and materials and employee comfort. Best I've ever worked in. Oh, and then there's the seriously impressive gym.
-Amazing Culture -Great Pay for Retail -Respect from friends and family... haha
I liked working for a brand who valued their identity
Just a great company to work for. I absolutely loved working for apple and I would possibly work their again in the near future.
Great benefits Advancements if you go above and beyond Good management
Loved the working environment and the lateral hierarchy. The work benefits were wonderful (health center, on-site cafeteria) and i really enjoyed the folks I worked with.
Great employees and managers for a retail environment. Good to excellent pay for retail. Enjoyed the overall training/continued training that is required to prepare for an always extremely busy customer service/technical support in an Apple Store.
Great smart people to work with.
Good salary and looks good on resume
Apple is family based and you always feel a part of something bigger!
Top notch health care provided by United. Solid 401k plan from Charles Schwab. Greater employee stock purchase plan from E-Trade. Decent discounts on services and products, but could be a lot better. Peers make for a solid family as you spend most of your time at work.
1) Smart Peoples 2) dynamic environment 3) recognition
Work from Home No having to deal with the typical bad hygiene guy that always exists in the office. No traffic
Fast paced environment with great benefits for part-time employees, competitive pay, and tons of available learning resources.
Good pay for retail, family environment, some good career advancement opportunities. Excellent benefits even for part time employees.
Loved working with excellent people. Retail is tough but Apple leadership did empower even the low-range employees to make important decisions.
Good entry pay, benefits for part-time, paid sick and vacations, discounts on products and services. Looks good on resume for future employment
Great health benefits, discounts on stocks, fitness reimbursement, free stuff, amazing discounts, great hourly wage, welcomed feedback.
• People      passionate colleagues      highly collaborative team culture • Products
Creative and laid-back atmosphere.
I have never felt so valued and respected by an employer. Even being a retail employee, I am treated like I am important by Apple. I left one of my previous employers because of that constant feeling of being replaceable, and after seeing said employer fight and fight to keep it's employees down. I keep watching the beautiful decisions Apple makes at the corporate level externally as well as internally and my heart soars. Not only do they keep to their core beliefs of treating people right and making quality products, but they are obviously SUCCESSFUL at it!
Flexible schedule, good work life balance
Great benefits and great employee treatment.
Apple has an incredible ability to hire outstanding people. I've been in the work force for 20 years now and the 3 years I spent at Apple were with the best people I've ever worked with. My team was phenomenal. the skills gained were extremely valuable, and above all, I had a lot of fun, and pride in my company and my contribution.
Great culture, fast-pace, educational, supportive peers and management. They care about their employees growth, health and overall well being. Excellent benefits for both full and part time positions.
* the quality of my colleagues is exceptional. * compensation is better than the competition * products are widely recognized * brand value is great * company is doing well * Discounts are great * 401K match is nice * Usually 2 shut-downs a year. Week long each time. * quality of food in the cafeteria is great
above avg pay excellent health benefits the company itself has high moral values and does what it can to take care of its people for the most part there is an amazing teamwork and family atmosphere among the employees
Excellent experience with top talent coworkers and big brands.
You get to work on some of the best products and huge exposure to new tech.
Depending heavily on the individual store, the management can be great or terrible. The under-management level employees are usually pretty great, with some sour grapes here and there.
-Helps you grow -Develops you into a better person at work and personal life -Awesome benefits and discounts -Great environment -Most stores always busy so time flies -Growth Opportunities
Apple has an incredible environment of collaboration and feedback. Much of the decisions that are made come from employee and customer feedback. They truly listen and take action.
You get amazing benefits whether you are part time or full time. The environment in the retail store is great too, it feels like a family. Everyone is supportive of you and is always there to help if you are struggling with something or need help. LOVE working at Apple.
Some of the older people are great, but recently too many right out of highschool kids have been hired.
nice customers and joyful work b enjoying experience easy
Great people, health care, get to play with new toys.
I was an at home college advisor. It was flexible with your school schedule as long as you can make your weekly hours requirement (16-20 hours/week during the semester). You get to work at the convenience of your home. Also, the virtual work environment amongst co workers was very inviting.
Working with very bright, dedicated employees who want to produce the greatest products on earth. Upbeat, team-oriented environment.
The retail side of Apple does an impressive job of valuing customers and employees at every level. The policies and technology tend to support the customers and employees verses the other way around. Benefits packages are excellent.
Top projects, you are on the cutting edge of technologies, excellent environment, very smart and brilliant colleagues. You have everything you need to become one of the world top specialists if you use the chance.
Apple retail offers great benefits and the best pay of any retail job. Very inclusive company that cares about individuality.
Team work, international environment, creativity.
Team environment, never pressured to sale more than what the customer was in need of, solutions focused, fun family-like team, never boring, always something to do.
#1 Customer Service. Promotions. Skills
Health benefits, Gym reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, Medical/dental insurance benefits
Flexible, awesome coworkers, lots of stuff to learn and great ways to develop professionally
Apple was demanding, upbeat, fun, and a job that was just as hard to earn as it was desirable to prospective employees. Every day was a busy day and co-workers are generally more than up to par, though unusually young compared to the rest of the workforce. Great lounge, free Apple TV viewings on lunch breaks, good insurance, and supportive work environment.  Having worked Apple also looks pretty damn good on a resume too. People eat that Sugar Honey Iced Tea up.
Great place to work and lots of discount for products
Big sense of family in the retail setting. There really is a structure for growth and advancement within the company.
Great Pay! Lots of Training! Looks good on your resume!
Best company to work for in general....I was working here when I was a full time student so they def work with my school schedule
They are a "cool" company and people are excited to come in. There is flexibility on how to treat customers and managers try to be helpful and open to allowing us to make decisions. There are many opportunities to get involved. Full benefits are great, 401k, vacation, medical, dental.
Amazing leadership with people who truly care about development.
Decent pay for retail store
Very nice, concerned with how you treat the customers and to what measures you are willing to go to show empathy
strong mentorship, fun environment, and cool products
Relaxed work environment and room to grow if you REALLY want to. Great benefits and OT.
Good benefits, good coworkers, lots of time for training, work from home, and decent pay. Lots of overtime if you need it.
Great benefits Good Discounts work along amazing products perfect availability for working in school
Great health insurance. Okay co-workers.
Competitive pay, great benefits, provides equipment and reimbursement for internet and phone. Also get a pay increase if you work past 9pm.
Work at home. Nice campus. Good RSU compensations, and good bonuses. Your work has the potential to reach hundreds of millions of users.
Great benefits. Fun environment. Great hours
There is always something to do
Fast pace - great technology
Ability to develop talents and other job roles faster than I have at any other "fortune" company.
Great co workers there are a lot of creative minds here,decent benefits ,stability there is not a lot of turn over
Comfortable environment, predictable. Competitive salary and benefits. On site food (does cost). Fantastic core values and focus on the customer. Strong epp.
Great benefits, flexible schedules, positive work environment, ability to work from home, great training for most positions, excellent resources for personal and career development.
The hourly rate is excellent for a retail job. Training is valued and growth is encouraged. Part time employees receive the same benefit options as full time. The people you work with are smart, interesting, and genuinely kind. Folks work as a team and really look out for one another. There is a culture of politeness that really makes the work day a joy.
It's Apple! One of the best experiences of my life and works great on your resume.
I owe my success in my career to Apple. It is a great place to develop your skills talent.
Apple as an organization has an immense amount of resources with kind people and a somewhat flexible schedule. The political standing of the organization and the CEO are great and progressive.
nice works space clean enviroment
Benefits Gym reimbursement Apple stock 401k Changes based on my feedback Attention to developing individuals Excellent discounts on all the products
You will be working with great people. Apple does a great job weeding people out and hiring the best of the best. The benefits are great for both part-time and full time employees. Your time will always be respected and you will always feel respected. If you are looking for somewhere to get your feet wet in the business world, this is the place to be. The finest retail outlet to work for in the world.
If you are willing to learn and grow, Apple is a great place to work because they will develop you!
The campus is really cool and has a lot to offer to the employee even including the contractors. As security specialist I had a cool and simple uniform to wear that was really great quality. They also start a great pay rate.
Great Atmosphere Fun environment. Always busy
Great pay, benefits, co-workers. You get to work from home and you are reimbursed for your internet expenses. Not a bad deal.
Career growth, exciting product launches, great perks on software, employee discounts, software training. I feel I got what I put into Apple.
Very independent and fast paced atmosphere
Great pay and benefits, especially stock
Opportunity to work from home. Career opportunities.
Good manager to work with.
Apple provides great perks and benefits. Good people to work with and a lot of freedom to be yourself.
great place to work at
Great place to work - highly intelligent people with passion, always challenging you to be better.
Great benefits, great company, beer bashes and stock plans
Positive environment, great people, and I learned a lot while working there.
Apple is a fantastic company to work for. They are on the cutting edge of technology and they pass that on to their employees.
Great compensation, flexible work hours
Very supportive towards employees and good pay.
Apple Retail does a great job of generating a lot of excitement when you first join the team. You're excited to be included in what seems like a behind-the-scenes access to a cool company. You do get good benefits like healthcare and discounts.
You work with amazing people who push you each and every single day.
The most innovative company to work for in the world!
Awesome company to work for, great benefits, good pay. Well taken care of and a great culture, top notch company.
To help people with their iPod or iPhone to fix the apps or sitting and I like to design any.
Apple is just a great place to work!
-Management really cares about your success -Great opportunities to move around the company -Amazing people and environment
good salary, nice benefit and good working environment
Amazing group of colleagues. Get to be around Apple products all day long Occasional gifts like an Apple backpack or water bottle. The ability to switch shifts with your peers.
Very fast pace and ever changing. Nice perks and health benefits. The mandatory breaks and trading required is reassuring that they have our best interest
Great benefits, free stuff, good pay, great management
Great benefits, talented people, great job security, large amount of resources
You get to be on the cutting edge of technology and are constantly learning about new products and features. You get to work with a really good customer base, most understand how the apple stores work.
Love the Company.....very sleek  Great Benefits!!!
Fantastic benefits and wonderful coworkers make this a great place to be. You own your own growth. I have seen many complaints about not moving up and it being retail, but if you work really hard, you will move up.
Possibilities of growth, culture, casual dress code, salaries
The culture is so alive at Apple, everyone wants to help and the team is very important. People get recognized when they succeed and those who fail get help to improve. A true culture of excellence.
Great company, benefits, and culture.
- work on the best products in the world with the autonomy to "do what is right" versus "do what is cheap" -- excellent training for an early-career engineer - lots of support for learning and investigation, a culture of innovation and invention - surrounded by smart and passionate people
Great company with very positive future. Benefits are great and are constantly updating. Lots of opportunities for growth if you are proactive.
Great benefits Great pay Easy job
Great opportunity, experience and training
Supposed to be a great job that made an impact and "changed the world"
The notariety of saying you work for Apple and the benefits. Apple really takes care of their employees. Great company to work for
awesome benefits, great salary, great peers
if you want to grow as a person and develop skills that will help you in any other company or business this is the place to do it at. plus the networking opportunity is incredible
For the pragmatic, the benefits, stock options and discounts are very good. The variety and quality of the people you will work with is generally very high. There are opportunities for training and qualifications (some caveats, see cons) but the environment is usually low-stress, if sometimes a bit busy (this is retail after all). The people are honestly the best thing. I haven't encountered many workplaces where this was a truly accurate statement.
-Convenient to work at home -Apple discount -Tuition Reimbursment -Working for Apple looks good on your resume
While competing in a saturated retail environment with their brick and mortar stores Apple consistently distinguishes itself by providing retail employees with an experience significantly superior to almost all other retailers. The corporate culture, while demanding is also more supportive of employees than many others. Active training programs, generous employee incentives, solid team atmosphere and a real regard for supporting customers makes it a rewarding venue for employment. There is a strong "work hard, play hard" attitude driven by the managers and leads. While reflecting the scheduling challenges inherent to retail operations, they still manage to be quite flexible to individual needs. Along with generous healthcare support employees are also encouraged to build stock ownership and retirement accounts even for part-time employees. Especially nice is the deliberately diverse and talented employee population.
Not so bad environment for proceeding the project.
make some long time friends, awesome co-workers
employee are so nice in this company
Pay Benefits Wageworks Dress code Occasional catered lunches Coworkers!
- Company truly cares about you - Meet many people - Helps communication skills - A whole lot of work hours
Working as a Specialist in an Apple store is for the most part an amazing experience. Most customers are wonderful human beings and it was so fun to meet and work with so many great people. I would come home each day feeling like I helped people and made a difference and solved problems.
The values and techniques you learn is something money cannot buy. This was the best job I ever had or will have I just left for a management opportunity that paid salary.
Work from home! And great benefits
Still a good place to work. Good benefits. Excellent co-workers.
smart people, good culture, innovative
Everything was great. O love this company
Great work environment to work in.
Pay is great. Benefits are top tier. Discount is amazing. For the most part the management is caring and well motivated.
great pay, friendly team, great company
Great training and resources. Your direct management is really professional and receive great training as well. Flexible scheduling when not in peak season. Opportunities to advance if you're willing to put in the work and meet management goals.
Work from Home, benefits from day one, lots of OT, decent pay for at home, lots of training
Nice office spaces & working environment
The best company I've ever worked for.
great work atmosphere benefits 401k 200g iCloud storage
* Great training program. *Enjoyed co-workers * Learned many useful skills * Fun environment to work
Fun environment with great people who you can grow from.
Steve Jobs was amazing at life.
Surrounded by world class talent, passionate coworkers
Decent discounts. Pretty basic mall job with a low skill entry level. The manager at the store didn't even know what an iMac was upon being hired.
Fantastic Management. Pretty good compensation for a retail establishment. You're generally working with talented and creative individuals.
Great company. Would work for again. They give great benefits and have a great team working with you. Great products
Great company, great products. Better coworkers
top notch office hardwares, useful softwares, employee discounts on apple products, decent benefits, great stock option, shuttle bus for long distance commuters,
Great co-workers, great products, innovative retail space
Takes care of employees with great benefits, Friendly environment, great training on knowledge of products. You have a great time creating relationships with customers. introducing apple products for the first time to people.
Culture, People, Products, Training and Development - Working for Apple starting out and most of your experience will profit you some of the best people and experiences you've ever met. You will use practical skills, best practices and rhetoric for every work environment/situation you have moving forward. Plus, Apple looks amazing on your revenue. Starting pay for a retail employee is insanely awesome as well.
Great learning experience in sales, technology, benefits for part timers were decent. Coworkers are generally friendly and unique
People that wanna see you move up and grow. Awesome benefits and ambience
Great people, supportive management, incredible benefits
High impact work, smart and cool peers, nice company perks, nice blend up start up and corporate culture, plenty of people who care to see you succeed.
Money Food Friends Fun Caring
Amazing company would work for them multiple times the sales role is amazing and they take the time to teach
Loved working on Mac systems and Mac technologies.
I really do not have anything to add to the pros. None. The discount isn't even worth how hard you work.
Great environment to work, coworkers are intelligent and helpful with daily tasks.
Very smart and driven people.
Great team, amazing company, fantastic growth opportunities
Best things at apple are that the work is interesting and meaningful. The perks and benefits are good, but the work is the most important thing.
-You work for one of the biggest companies out there. -Your people skills are put on steroids. -You work with some really talented/interesting people.
Great people to work with
Reliable, exciting, fast paced and never boring. Your peers become your family here, Apple hires not only intelligent individuals but people who understand the depths of true human compassion and teamwork.
people are friendly and treat every one nice. it is maninly about helpping other people
Very friendly and outgoing. You can tell everyone loves their job! Each person I interviewed with was friendly and outgoing, and you could tell they were excited to be there speaking with you!
-Benefits -Competitive pay for a part time retail position -Fun work environment -No micromanagement (managers let you put your own personal touch when it comes to customer interactions) -Managers care about your success not only within the company but also in your personal life -PTO even for PT employees -Discounts -Family environment -No commission (could be a con) so you never feel like a car salesman. You really are trying to do what's best for the customer as well as the Apple brand
A lot of perks good work environment respectful co workers great culture
it was good everday it was
Wonderful job, pay was great and it's wonderful working from home.
good pay and benefits and great cafeteria
I learned how to set up iPads, iPhones, iMacs and I became pretty savvy with the products.
Face paced, challenging, developmental, somewhat decent pay, great medical and dental benefits, discount for friends and family, growth opportunities
some of the best reasons to work at apple were the people you got to meet every day.
Great benefits, great pay. Constant support from Senior Management and great career opportunities.
The majority of your coworkers are incredible, inspiring, and fascinating people who you can learn new things from every day. There are also very few things you can't do to make the customer happy because of the immense resources that Apple has, so you feel empowered to make decisions.
Looks good on the resume maybe and get your feet in the door?
Apple is committed to the growth and development. Training is a priority and provides many great opportunities for advancement.
Amazing company, awesome benifits, great works ncg from home, great network of coworkers and managers
everything was great, nothing to complain
Great and inspiring company to work for
Great work environment and company discounts on products not only apple but third party as well
Greatest people that you could ever expect to work with in a retail environment.
a lot of smart people
Great management team at our store, love the health benefits and purchasing stock at a reduced price. The discounts are awesome too.
Great place to work and grow. You can really develop as a person and leader at Apple. Great training and amazing people to work with
Loved the community and discount!
The Apple culture is one of a kind. After working there for 4 years, I learned that this is an environment of constant change. You will definitely get what you give. If you aren't willing to learn, grow, and take constructive criticism this place is not for you. A lot of talented colleagues from all walks of life.
Good benefits and great products.
People and experiences are the main reason I stayed so long.
great benefits. A lot of opportunity for growth and development
lots of hours great job
There is a 401K plan and good health benefits.
Great benefits such as on-site medical, gym, eye care. Great (healthy) food options in their cafeteria.
Great place to work for
Great company ma ms ma
Salary, overtime, culture, perks, food
learn alot, fruit, social, good colleagues, good team
Great Co-Workers, Great Benefits, A lot of extra training
greatest company I have ever worked for i. my life, I would recommend to anybody who loves technology and innovation
Great benefits and they send u all the equipment
Good company to work for
I love meeting so many new people every day. Repairing computers and iPhones is fun. As well as helping people fix problems. You're often a hero.
the only pro to this employer is the benefits offered in discounts with the employer and with third party vendors as well.
Great work atmosphere, amazing team.
Results-driven, vs image of getting work done. Those that work hard get rewarded.
Great leadership and community values.
I've had many jobs. Apple is the best by far. Great pay, amazing benefits, and awesome discounts. I plan to stay with Apple for as long as possible. Great career experiences. Apple is very good about hiring from within, and promoting often.
Great benefits such as company discounts, paying for my internet service provider, providing me with an iMac to do my job.
-Good environment -Good pay -Good internal resources -Good hours -No commute (At-Home Advisor)
There are many resources and benefits offered to you that genuinely help improve your overall quality of life.  You will work with some of the best and brightest people you will ever meet.  Open dialogue and communication are promoted and prevalent through the culture.  The benefits package is amazing, as are the discounts.
The work environment is great, very different from other retail environments! Many friendly and positive people. From experience, customers are generally nicer at Apple versus other electronic retailers.
You get to work from home. This means, no commute, not dealing with quirky co-workers on a daily basis, and staying in your pajamas all day if you want.
The pay is very competitive for any retail company. Additionally the skills and experiences you are able to gather prove invaluable later in life when applying for other positions.
Great team atmosphere, fun company, awesome products, fluid work environment.
peer relationships are great all the time
Training benefits discounts product opportunity
Benefits are amazing, and my relationship with HR worked out really well, so make sure to be friendly to the HR people! The work itself is interesting depending on where your location is in NYC. Working at Fifth Avenue definitely enabled me to meet some interesting folks and kept me on my toes.
Good retail pay, good benefits, awesome friends
Management is incredible. Job is fun. Get to talk to people all day.
great environment to work with
The greatest place I've ever worked. Growth is abundant if you want it.
The people make this place a networking heaven
Fast-paced and you learn a lot about dealing with people.
Highest pay for the position, great benefits, plenty of vacation and sick time. They do some great events and have an overall good vibe. Feedback is readily available and management will always be available for coaching.  Very easy to do well and have a comfortable life. Good chance of getting a better position if you make friends and have a good outlook.
good pay. good benefits. you get to use lots of nice apple equipment. fast paced work (if you like that)
No place is perfect, but Apple does come close. Apple as a company cares about their employees, have awesome benefits, and make sure that their employees are happy. HR is very efficient.
The company is wonderful to work for. The managers are great, the benefits are excellent, and working with customers is great for the most part.
Good working experience. Excellent project experience and working condition. Good company culture
Work from home, decent pay.
still a great product and company there are a great many plusses to them
great environment Great managers good team good pay
Great place to work with great co workers, a enjoyable place to work majority of the time. Good benefits for part-time even better full time.
The pay is decent and the discounts were pretty nice. Sometimes there was food catered too.
Great opportunity to learn a lot of core knowledge for future jobs.
Open and challenging work environment allows for learning quickly.
Benefits Pay Home Environment Discounts All the workers have been friendly and helpful Reimbursement for Internet Bill
Benefits, gyms, food, discounts & culture.
Still going through the hiring process. So far it's been an above average experience, and I'm really looking forward to completing the process and getting started.
Huge sense of community with other employees and teamwork is highly valued
You work from home as an at home advisor.
Benefits and pay for what you do. Most management staff are understanding on your feelings and concerns. They have a lot perks
Great Staff, Managers that care about you getting to where you want to to get to in your career with Apple. 401K, Full benefits, product discounts.
Disney land of retailers, tons of fun. Get to work from home. Amazing benefits. Get to meet new and interesting people from all over country. Amazing opportunity.
Great Pay, Fun, and Interesting
Management, coworkers, benefits and health insurance
Excellent environment and salary. The team is very professional and we all like this place. Fancy equipment of course
Good retail pay. Fun colleagues.
good team and nice people
Great benefits, excellent working atmosphere- everyone is motivated and wants to help each other, Apple does a great job of motivating and rewarding employees, could lead to a career opportunity
Cool product launches, fast-paced environment
Decent pay, you meet amazing people. The job usually isn't boring
Stocks offered at the time of Offer are huge. Stock purchase plan is also good.
Apple recognizes initiative in their badged employees and works aggressively to develop capable employees for more meaningful roles
Great pay, great benefits, espp
Great company that truly cares about its people
Apple is a wonderful company to work for. It is very secure and the culture is excellent. The products sell them sleves and the clients you will work with are typically very knowledgeable.
-Good name to put on resume
Great benefits., good pay for the market. Austin is just way too packed full of people, for this reason I recommend going At-Home Advisor. Beer Bashes are great.
Great company to work for. Extensive training. Great trainers.
Loved the team I worked with! I was part-time (would come to work after my full time job & on weekends), and enjoyed the fast paced environment a ton. Plenty of opportunities to learn about Apple products, services, and additional opportunities. The company holds its interview candidates to a high standard (with a passion for Apple), so most team members were really hard workers too. Great healthcare, stock, 401K, and discounts!!
Great products, great culture, every day interesting.
-Lots of benefits for fulltime and part time employees -Relaxed environment -Open forum for feedback
Good company to work for especially if you want to be yourself. Free environment with no judgment. Money is decent. You will meet some of the most talented people.
The people, relationships I have built, valuable interpersonal skills for troubleshooting and customer service, learned skills in collaboration and hardware certificates
The other employees were great. The benefits are quite good especially in a retail environment.
Communication is encouraged between management and employees. Amazing experiences with customers. Extremely rewarding! Good support system and room to grow. Great for development in business professionalism too.
Great benefits and great team members to work with.
- Very Good Training - Amazing Benefits, very good pay when compared to other retail jobs. - You work with unbelievably talented people. - They truly care about making the world a better place through technology. Corny, I know, but it's true.
You're working with some of the most motivated, talented engineers in the country. Lots of incredible benefits, and competitive pay.
Apple is a great company that appreciates their employees. The pay is decent, especially for retail. The benefits are great. Having worked at other corporations, working at Apple is a dream.
"Benefits" for doctors and computer discounts. Everything else is an illusion like beer bash you never get to go or food provided when you have worked 8 hours of overtime.
New ideas, suggestions, and feedback are not only welcomed, but often acted upon. Employee input is not shut down or frowned upon--no matter how long you've been there. Great people and culture that cares.
This job is awesome, they treat you with respect, pay higher than industry standard, and have plenty of room for growth.
Major cool factor. Inside information about the latest iOS developments. You'll get a peek at the guts of UIKit, etc.
Benefits, Distance, Friends, Stimulating, Movement
Great Benefits even for part-timers
Working within the Family Room (Trainers + Technicians/Geniuses), I feel that I've been supported throughout my time here. Whenever I run into a situation where I'm not sure, I feel it is easy to get advice and have a clear discussion on next steps. Pay is particularly high for retail Great benefits, on par with corporate employees, even for part-timers
• Pay is competitive. • Stock options, during the time I was there, were good. • Commute incentives were of good quality
Base pay was ok and commission was good at the beginning. Good benefits package.
Above average pay for retail. Great Benefits. Diverse staff. Excellent discount.
Great benefits, competitive pay, excellent culture (feels more like working for a startup than a corporation with endless policies and departments butting heads).
Great benefits, innovation and ideas suggested and diversity respected. The company values its people and for that alone it's worth checking out.
The team that I work with is very close and we all get along so well. I never felt like an outsider when I was hired on. I love everyone I work with and I love helping each and every customer I interact with daily
I work with some really awesome people that make work enjoyable and fun.
Fun relaxed environment, great colleagues, work can be very satisfying.
Still unproven ground for Apple. The Business strategy in the Retail is designed to work with 1-100 users Apple products. There is a ton of space to work with in the customer data base and walk in traffic.
Build great products, fantastic brand and some nice people to work with.
The products are fantastic, work with fantastic people who are WAY over qualified for their job. Getting to teach people who are wanting to learn about products and how to use them.
Good pay, great resume booster, great experience.
Great benefits and a huge verity of opportunities
Great benefits. Innovative Technology Giant. Wonderful working atmosphere.
Monday - Friday only if you are making calls
Excellent benefits (healthcare, tuition reimbursement, PTO). Decent pay for what they ask of you.
Fun, decent wage, company cares about its customers, takes pride in products, good training. Benefit of working from home.
great people and great products
The benefits are amazing! The company is a great company with good products. You make awesome friends and get to help great customers.
-Employee Discount on products and some third party accessories. -Great Benefits (Health, Dental, Vision, Wageworks, 401k, Employee Stock purchase program) -Great co-workers -Generous Vacation and sick hours
Stability Culture Atmosphere Growth Products
They hire a diverse and special group of people, usually new college graduates or currently attending college students who are passionate people. They were very good at giving time off when it was requested.
You're working for one of the best companies in the world--a company that makes superior products and cares about its employees, customers, and the environment.
Intelligent, inspiring, people to work with. Plenty of opportunity to grow. The benefits are unbeatable when most companies are cutting back which includes: 401k, health insurance, dental, vision, stock options, educational reimbursements.
Challenging yet rewarding job has relatively good pay for a retail job. The people you work with are the main reason why its such a good job.
Flexible Working Schedule, Convenient Shuttle Service
pay, diversity in customers and team
I liked working for Apple because they made me feel like part of the team even though I worked from home. When I was hired the company sent me an Apple advisor t-shirt, and a desktop Mac to complete the job. My manager was very attentive and helpful. It was an all around great experience.
This job has opened doors to incredible opportunities for education and growth over the years. Apple has been accommodating when personal obstacles detracted from business needs. The leadership teams have provided a lot of support of not only myself but for colleagues to take what amounted to customer service retail position to moving on to corporate. Currently being led to make a transfer to software development teams. Not what was expected when I was hired but definitely a great surprise. Reach for the sky, do the work and Apple will help you get there.
great benefits, great skill building opportunities, fun work environment, very casual
Pros: Pay was above average. Very environmentally-conscious company.
Good schedules Good Payment rates
Great people Great benefits Decent pay Management is fair No drug testing
great for resume. good personality builder. great confidence booster. great employee and other business discounts. atmosphere of coworkers are very positive.
Awesome products and great experiences
Great work environment, wonderful facilities and a really good place where to professionally grow.
Excellent work environment, fast pace, always something to do, great development opportunities, good discount, generally an amazing company culture.
-Decent starting pay  -Coworkers that are sure to become long-term friends  -Very laid back, lenient dress code  -Lots of opportunities to learn about product knowledge  -Benefits for part-timers are considerably more than what you'll find at another retailer  -Sufficient resources on hand whenever needed  -Fantastic training  -Employee discounts were nice
Apple Retail has some of the smartest people who seem to have just 'gotten lost' along the way. There are a lot of fun-loving, creative people who make the environment a better place. I learned a lot when I was here, not just about retail systems, and technology in general, but just about dealing with people (externally and internally).
Good perks and salary is above industry standards
You got a good discount.
Great benefits, paid for software certifications, discounts on products.
Great company!!!! So much energy within the people itself! Hard to get into but worth it in the end!
Ability to work from home is great. Also given a iMac computer for work and personal use. Great way to make money from home.
-Great coworkers -Awesome managers -great products to play with all day -great pay -educating customers -room for advancement
Awesome Work Culture - Great Benefits - Work with smart, talented people
good experience, especially if you work for Apple directly
Great benefits, mostly great people. Very marketable certifications. Fast paced environment and dynamic problems to solve.
They are a great company and they have great people working there. Lots of fun and competitive pay and benefits/
Very challenging, innovative work place. Tons of opportunities to grow, and move positions if you out in the work. Very fun environment.
Fun and a great learning experience was a great and interesting job would work here again and the people were great
Management is solid and always there to help with your development
Benefits, flexible scheduling, great peers
a lot of talented people. compatible compensation. employee for good discounts.
commute, management, benefits, prestige...I could list tons here that were great about Apple. I took this job so I could be home with my infant son more. I started part time and then would flex back and forth to full time. Great benefits, fitness reimbursement, discounts..
- Learn so many skills that will allow you to exceed in any career from here on out - Great discounts, benefits - No commute
Extraordinary company, great benefits, great products, Tim Cook is awesome
Brand Name Perks Benefits People you get to meet The Wellness Center
The job was fun, the products were awesome, and Apple really cares about its employees. The pay is super competitive for a retail job.
Terrific Work Environment World Class Service
It's a great company to start your work from home experience. If you're someone who feels that migrating to office everyday isn't for you, this is a great start. You'll be part time starting out, but if you do well and get the promotion to Senior Advisor, you'll be given full time with a small raise. The At Home program isn't a career, though. I understand they promote it as such and you'll be so excited they hired you, but after a few years in the program you'll see it's just another call center job. Put a few years in and move along.
Great pay and great people to work with nothing else you can ask for and you get benefits and stock options.
The company and benefits were great
Fascinating conversations about the future of enterprise workforce mobility/enablement.
Ethical company who cares about customers and employees. Good Pay. Excellent Discounts
Employment / Income. Exposure and experience in the electronic technology industry.
Working for Apple and its perks,
There are a lot of pros to working at Apple:  Amazing benefits (why most people stay) 401K match up to 6%, great vacation, medical benefits are pretty good, lots of product discounts. Dress code is very relaxed. You can basically wear almost anything with your Apple shirt. Care-free about tattoos and piercings.
Great team, access to cool technology.
they do not only value their customers but also their employees and work culture is great
The people you work with are the best in the business you can always learn from them.
Wonderful staff, great benefits, and even an amazing work environment. Apple knows how to hire and it shows in the stores
Great perks and learning experience
You get to work for a company that is instantly recognizable. Very few places work with data sets or rates like Apple, so programming there is usually sharp.
Working at home, great pay and benefits, insane tech discounts and great people to work with.
Great compensation, benefits, people, and challenges at work.
Awesome Perks, Benefits, great people to work with.
Great people, fun learning new tech, working for the leader company in the world
Great benefits, amazing coworkers, open and encouraging environment to work and learn, access to career experiences
Amazing Training, Great Pay, Good Benefits Working as a At-Home Adviser is NOT for everyone. You need lots of self control in order to work from home. But if you have the ability to handle that and still do a great job at support customers you will love this job! Everyone is always in a great mood at work and the leadership is the best
Exciting products, smart people and fantastic career opportunities. Best place at I ever worked.
The people and the culture. Plenty of training and resources to learn as much about the product
Apple cultivates an atmosphere that is very conducive to learning fast and on the job. Treated extremely well by al management.
Best hourly rate in retail, amazing and excellent benefits, great co-workers.
Apple is a great place to launch a career. If you are 18-23 get in now, spend a year, make some connections and move on.
The benefit of working with Apple is you can use their name to go elsewhere to pursue your dreams and career aspirations.
Working Apple Retail was definitely high point in my life. Amazing benefits, surrounded by motivated and talented people daily, and received a great starting pay.
The benefits are wonderful, there is a really good employee stock purchase program that helps people build a solid foundation of investments for the future, and the employee discount is reasonably good (25%). The work environment is fast paced and exciting, and the management is friendly and extremely fair. Put simply, this is the best job I've ever had.
Great benefits, competitive wages, friendly managers
I've never been surrounded by such a passionate and high performing work force. We grow together. We learn together. We openly offer each other feedback. We strive to give the customer the best experience possible. Supportive management. Great benefits for part-time.
They have really good benefits, people are nice
decent pay for customer service work form home
You can learn many things in a very short time, good or bad.
Work from home! Great Bonus.
At home agent, great products and very strong job security the pay is competitive and the benefits are many. Easy to acquire paid vacation and sick time. Work for Home!
The company challenges you to be your best. Lift you up to help both the customers and your fellow employees. Help you to develop your skills in the workplace. Get to work with great people, great technology, and meet interesting new folks.
salary was fair for work.
Great company to work for
Steady work, good training, great people to work with
Working at an Apple retail store is a good experience. The benefits (even for part-time employees) are very generous. The managers and coworkers are supportive and professional. As far as retail jobs go, Apple is a great place to work. Working at Apple has its downsides, just as any company does, but I feel the company is a better place to work than most.
Apple was a great place to work. The people there are awesome and they let you learn as much as you would like.
Best technology in the business, fun work environment, intersting customer base, discounts from apple.
Fast pace environment with lots of customers
I am preparing for my 2nd interview. There are 3 stages to interviews. 1. Interview with HR 2. Interview with Role Playing (Skype Interview) 3. Interview with hiring manager
Work at home was great! Pay great! Dont go on health leave or disability you will end up loosing your job
great workspace to work in. very easy going work friendly environment. great company. easy to move up for better roles/titles.
Progressive company, good atmosphere, good benefits
Best company in the world with best benefits. Even the worst team members are more talented than the best at most everywhere else
Free Macbook Air and iPad 2
rewarding, challenging, well-known products, exciting to be a part of something big, working on unreleased products, fast-paced for a large company
We create innovative products that thrill our customers and create new product categories
A retail experience unlike any other.
Great comp and I really like it
Professionality great design good work team work white great products advertising with a good target study apps with asome usuary interfaz
Great discounts, good pay for retail along with benefits. depending on the store it can be crazy at times, which is good if you like that.
You get to work on products that get people excited in a global level. The level of energy, creativity, and camaraderie is unlike any other place I've worked.
management definitely cares about you. Your co-workers are pretty amazing. You can openly talk to management about anything.
The people that Apple hires are some of the best you will ever work with. I can actually say I enjoyed working with everyone while I was there. The job is demanding and everybody is in the same boat so the team mentality is very strong in order to get through the day. The discount on items is very nice as well, albeit not strong enough to stay around forever for
Great healthcare options, competitive salary, great CS training
Awesome benefits, flexible hours, educational assistance, fitness reimbursement, etc.
Great company! Really got their stuff together
Great people to work with and great product discounts.
Apple is good to their employees when it comes to compensation and stock benefits. The people are also the best in the business. Always being challenged by my peers. Great food, as well.
Excellent benefits! Always something new and exciting introduced.
Great culture, pays well, managers are all cool, insane benefits for retail.
company genuinely is interested in your well being and cares about you. very rewarding job
Great place to work. Access to any information you need. Stock is doing good. Beer bash!
Good team, Work life balance Training number of system and their size
Great interaction with Angelas videos to retail stores. Amazing customer interactions. Changing peoples lives.
Great people, great benefits, easy job, great perks, don't know what else to say lol I guess that's it okay
Awesome co workers, cutting edge technology, relaxed work environment, feel like you are actually appreciated.
Good benefits, flexible hours
Great Pay, great manager, great benefits, and great training
Good culture Great People Learn a lot
best shifts, pay, benefits, employees
MAY impress some on a resume. Decent health benefits.
Amazing benefits, flexible hours, opportunities to move upwards
Great part-time benefit options, worked with fun, knowledgeable people who cared about the customer. Apple retail is a great retail environment.
Excellent training to handle customer service, impressive support system, very well organized. Great experience overall.
Great company to work for. Work life balance and culture are second to none
Great Pay, great manager, great benefits, and great training
Great benefits (health, perks, commute options, etc) Flexible work-hours Lots of fun, really smart people
Excitement of real world usage
Good pay, amazing benefits, fun environtment, awesone discount, stock option, and my coworkers were and still are my family.
Good company, good product, tons of talents to work with that help you grow and get you inspired.
Good pay, nice people and a very convenient job considering you get to work from your own home. They send you a iMac and an iPod which you can use on the job. Schedule is to modify and they let you take on an enormous amount of hours during the busy times of the year. So if you play your cards right you could make a lot of money if you take advantage.
I've asked myself over and over again in the past 7+ years where else would I want to be...still no answer.
Great company, great products. Had an amazing 4 years there. Accomplished a lot of career goals, learned a lot of things, and met some amazing people.
Great place to work so far
Apple does a great job supporting and developing their personal. You have to put forth the effort and show interest.
The managers are top notch and offer excellent constructive criticism and quarterly reviews. Also, the benefits are great including a fully subsidized metrocard, healthcare, and stock options.
Great people, fulfilling role, great benefits,
Good atmosphere as it was good that's it.
Great part time work with excellent benefits.
Great flexiibility for work hours
Good benefits, friendly and caring environment, relaxed policies, good compensation, very team oriented.
It's great to have it on your resume...
Cutting edge technology, stock is doing good.
The salary is good and the culture is also very good. The people are also nice. My office is in a good location.
Friendly colleagues, fun environment, upbeat, and fast paced. Great benefits, and very supportive HR department.
Meet good people Very diverse workforce Good training opportunities Always super exciting, never do the same things twice
Great environment to work for career growth
great atmosphere, the company is moving forward
You'll love your job. You'll be a celebrity whenever someone finds out you work for Apple. You'll work hard, you'll gain life-long friends, get great discounts, tremendous healthcare benefits, and you'll believe in what you do.
Exciting and always changing environment. Best part about the job is the people you work with. Amazing team. Benefits are through the roof for a retail position, especially for those of us who love technology. Management are good people. They care about their jobs and they care about their employees. Frequent surveys that change the work place in impactful ways.
Great Experience, many opportunities for growth at the store I worked at. Company does a good job at providing training for its employees.
Many talented people who you can learn from.
This company really cares for their employees and strives to provide as many amenities and opportunities as they can.
decent products, good people to work with
Excellent benefits, excellent employee discounts, great culture and technology.
Employee Stock Purchase Program, 401K
You will learn a great deal and are involved in substantial decision making. Compensation is good.
Good pay, interactive job.
Cool company, cool technology, cool environment.
The company, the products and the people are all top tier. Amazing talent and unbeatable quality and manufacturing. The food is pretty amazing too.
Benefits - great. Discounts - great. Coworkers - can be great.
Great work ethic Passionate people Cross-functional work to achieve goals Great sense of teamwork
Great people, great environment, management respects employees
For a mall job, it's the best you can get.
Location and amenities were nice. Direct Manager was great and team mates were easy to work with.
Apple fosters a creative, liberal environment where the employees can be and develop themselves. Apple's retail division, in regards to technical support, gives employees many great training and certification opportunities, as well as almost limitless access to resources external to the company. The sky's the limit to the employee that applies themselves.
Culture and innovation made for a great place to work. always learning new products and new ways to work with tech
It's most popular and successful company
great pay, great people, college students dream job
Great Benefits Good Pay Great Training Great Customer Service
Great company, good benefits for part-time, team environment, proper training
Great place to work hard.
Apple is probably the best retail job you can get, best benefits, treats employees well, fair. Learn a lot about great customer service
Apple provides great perks and amazing benefits for it's employee's even at a Retail level. Provides great opportunity for growth within the company and provides chances for optional trainings at different locations.
The teamwork, when it clicks (about 80% of the time), is incredible. Individuals carry tremendous responsibility, but always have the cross-functional team there to support an back them up.
-The people you work with are typically all very nice, accepting, and open. -Many of the people you work with in the technical support side are knowledgeable and passionate about the job. -Many of the managers you work with are excellent and fair. Many care more about experience than metrics. -The company has excellent health benefits at an incredible price, as well as employee perks (such as product discounts, both maternal and paternal time off for new babies, adoption assistance, etc.) -The training course is very enjoyable and, for what it is, very insightful. -Most customers you get are actually very friendly. It is inevitable that you will get a frustrated customer (you are working support in retail), but they are typically few between. -There are plenty of opportunities to move upwards throughout the company, as long as you have management supporting you. Much more so than any other similar retail store. -Typically flexible on hours to accommodate school, children, etc.
-You really get to know and like your "team." They're very supportive and helpful throughout if you have a great manager like mine to bring you guys together. -Extensive training, you can really come in with no knowledge of computers but I found it easier knowing a little about windows computers because there are a lot less support files for it -Great Benefits -At home! -They send you everything -Lots of free stuff! -Great discount!
Job growth, fun environment, management really cares about employees, exciting to be there
- You'll inevitably meet people you like since the number of staff is so big - There's a decent enough opportunity to have a voice and move up fairly quickly. Upper management pays attention to that, as does everyone else -It's such a powerful company and although there are human elements to working there, the capitalistic elements, the money making, the sales...that can get really really under your skin if that's not your thing. -Free clothes (even though they have the Apple logo on them)
Great benefits, high energy and excitement. Great products and employee discounts.
1) Pay - if you negotiate well, you can get a lot of RSU's, although this is very similar to any cash cow blue chip company in the valley these days. 2) Health Insurance - The best in the valley period!! 3) 401k match from day one. 4) If you are love brown nosing and playing politics, you will become a millionaire very fast. 5) Apple brand - Although that probably won't help you get another job in the valley if you are in IS&T.
nice, team work, good, great, awesom
great pay, benefits from the start managers teach teammates are helpful schedule is great
Great team to work with, A+ training, amazing benefits, solid compensation, especially as a college student. Very positive work culture, it makes one very motivated to work every day.
-high energy social environment -quality coworkers -technologically advanced -high variety of job types -solid benefits even for part time employees -company has good presence (globally/socially)
Good hourly pay compared to other retailers. Opportunities to learn and grow within the company. Fast-paced and changing environment.
They are very good about promotion education and personal growth with the store. The benefits are great too, especially for a part time retail position. I was able to get health benefits as well as an employee stock purchase plan. Thanks to working here I now have 2 share of Apple stock!
Best brand. Working with geniuses
Great learning experience. Great people and it looks great on your resume.
Best call center job I have worked in, great management, slight discounts on products, always something new with changing products
Competitive wages, flexible vacation, great benefits, amazing co-workers
A fun, supportive environment. Ample training and empowerment for the job.
People are great. Unlimited resources. Leading edge technology and knowledge to learn from. Good pay. Good benefits.
Amazing company to work for
Nice benefits., good discounts, good coworker relations
Worked with B2B Accounts and customers. Warm fuzzy environment on the inside.
Great Job, hard to keep a good work life balance though. Very challenging. Very rewarding.
Have met some the greatest people
Lots of fantastic people to work with. Enjoyable atmosphere. Very good benefits. Competitive pay. Understanding employer. Good stock options.
- Great benefits, passionate coworkers, almost cult-like culture (but it works) - I've never worked an event like a product launch, and I doubt I will at any other company. I still go wait in line at ridiculous hours because I love the energy and passion of the employees and customers alike. They were the most magical (and only) 18-hour-days I ever worked.
Positive environment, great benefits, lots of opportunities to grow personally and professionally.
you work for apple, you work with great smart people
great benefits, especially for part-timers. higher pay than similar jobs. great discounts. everyone at apple is unique and offer individual strengths. its easy to make friends.
Pay is alright People and co-workers are fun Love the environment
really good place to work at good environment could not say there really is anything bad
Apple offers competitive hourly pay, good benefits, employee stock options, training, and the opportunity to gain career experiences from within the company (corporate, etc.). Flexible with scheduling and understanding management. Not your typical number driven sales floor. They focus heavily on customer experience and team involvement.
very friendly boss and staffs
Lots of flexibility, good environment
-Easy to grow and move to different teams -Discounts on Apple Products -Musical Performers at certain Beer Bashes
Had a great time with all my team
Great pay, great people to work with, great fit in company culture, something new everyday!
leadership that looks after you. many opportunities for growth and experiences. excellent pay for a retail job. work with awesome people.
excellent benefits, young work environment.
Wonderful at team building, coaching, education
Freedom from too much bureaucracy, few levels of command.
Work with the best people in the world.
- Fun people - Discounts on Apple products and other electronics
The discounts, the learning opportunities.
Too many to list. Working here was one of the best decisions I've ever made.
Working from home, health benefits, good pay.
The management at Apple are second to none, and they deeply care about your developent and growth of every ten member. The ecosystem is awe inspiring! There is such warmth that radiates from fellow employees as you all become one close family like brothers and sisters.
Employee development is a plus for Apple.
Part time pay is good Full benefits for part time workers Apple discount 25% for yourself 20% for friends and family great training in customer service
Great products with employee discounts, competitive pay, good benefits, ability to work from home, a great place to get experience.
Great culture and benefits even for part time
Great environment, training and benefits
Great tech! company computer,Ipad,Iphone Plus the biggest is that your working for the biggest company's looks great on the rez Make up how your days for the most part.
Great coworkers, benefits are good, higher than average pay for retail.
Innovative company, good pay, great people.
You will gain a lot of knowledge in a short period of time. Great work ethic. Fun company to work for. Laid back atmosphere
Great pay and benefits. Top notch staff.
Exciting environment you're really into Apple
The people you work with both customers and employees are wonderful.
I liked the products at the time.
Apple has a very solid culture of respecting employees and offering challenging work that will change the world.  The important thing to know is that you should be ready to make opportunities for yourself and not sit around waiting for someone else to hand you a dream assignment. You need to network with other teams and be aware of what's coming. With that information, get yourself in front of the hiring manager and let them know you're interested.  This is how you have a great experience at Apple. Take charge of your future.
Great culture and training inside the company. Overall, interesting and challenging work.
Flexible hours, High pay for interns, Healthy food, lots of benefits
There were a lot of fun events for anyone to participate in. The company has a great brand and it is clear that everyone is excited to go to work in the morning.
Cool people, laid back job
Great location, nice people, great benefits, good hours.
Fun people, didn't feel like a retail job. Apple really cares about their employees.
Always challenged to think outside the box.
Top Tech company in the world.
discounted stock, benefits, treated right.
Good benefits, laid back environment
All the employees are super friendly and accommodating.
Amazing environment and a lot of challenging situations (in a good way)
Wonderful company. Great benefits and opportunity for growth
Working with talented people and the cutting-the-edge products. Lots of internal benefits.
Apple has great benefits, including the Employee Stock Purchase Program, awesome health care.
Their pay is better than most company, but you have to work extremely long hours and weekend.
Daily learning opportunities, equipment discount, great chance to help customers.
working on coolest products. Very smart people and very good benefits. Work is dynamic and fast-paced which keeps you on the edge
25% per product line once per year. 15% for family and friends ten times per product line per year. Discount can be applied at any apple store.
Superb training processes, great mentorship opportunities, lots of loyalty from managers and store leads, many chances for promotion.
Great benefits for part-time employees. Leaders are supportive in career goals and approachable.
Great benefits. A lot of discounts. Stock plan. Good salary for retail.
-great work environment -fun people -great benefits
Discounts, easy job, people are stoked
Cool people, cool tech, cool work environment.
Fun people, awesome stuff and cool place to work
Your working for the worlds top company. Forefront of Innovation.
Great Perks, great people, awesome technology
Working from home, discount, wearing pajamas to work
I really think the office culture promotes forward thinking habits. Motivated individuals everywhere Fast advancement
Employee Benefits. Value Propositions. Product Experience
Great Environment with great people. Great career paths and management really cares about your well being. When you want to learn about solution sales and not just selling to sell apple is the place
Absolutely everything. So empathetic and great environment.
If you're commited, it's better than a masters degree. Benefits are top notch for retail and the challenges make you a stronger parent, friend, community member.
Fast paced, exciting, complex but a lot of fun. Opportunity to learn so much. Great knowledgeable people around some really very helpful. Some real geniuses around.
Its a great company to work for. Great insurance and discounts
Push yourself, learning more about what makes you unique
Good pay for a college student and good look on resume.
Meeting People, Benefits, Making lots of connections through customers and or co-workers, Great products, Great Customer Base.
Great team and benefits for a retailer. You interact with a lot of customers and help a lot of people in need.
Love helping the public and learning about new technology.
1. relative good compensation 2. a lot of new stuff to learn 3. tech focus
full benefits for part time work Great pay for college streets Save money working at home with no commute Great paid vacation Great discounts for you and your family Tuition reimbursement
Freedom, flexibility, good office culture, high pay, personal growth
Great products, excellent brand name, good pay, lots of talented people
Great work environment. New challenges everyday to make the job more exciting. Managers are great and easy to talk to. You really become a family. Visual Team!
Able to grow in leadership skill,interpersonal skills, and interpersonal skills.
flexible hours. manage your own time. work from home. excellent management. and customer relations.
Very competent, supportive colleagues. Great listeners even in midst of busy schedules.
At apple you'll never say "I wish I had something to do" because there's always work to be done. The company likes to challenge it's employees do to their best and always get better.
They have a lot of perks for employees They empower you.
Pay and flexibility were great!
Apple provided me with a seemingly limitless stream of perks, support, and Apple "Swag" (shirts, water bottles, umbrellas, etc. with Apple's logo on them). They gave great pay and clearly care about their employees a lot.
Working for apple is working for a technical company that constantly embraces innovation, and invites their customers to share in the experience.
Flexible schedules for part-timers outside of holiday. Paid developmental time. Tuition reimbursement program for full-timers. Moderately young energetic environment with a lot to learn.
I love working at Apple. The opportunities are second to none. You get to work on products that the whole world wants. I get to travel and the compensation is great.
Most people I work with are smart and tend to respond quickly if you need something from them. Rarely does a whole day go by without hearing back from somebody that you reach out to.
Pay, Benefits, Flexibility, Rewards programs, Work from home
Great, and I mean GREAT back end benefits. Probably the best out there. Working with the smartest, most talented, and most diverse set of people I've ever met. Your coworkers are like your family.
The company is awesome! Great benefits Cool brand to work for Looks great on resume Can be rewarding Culture of the company is fantastic You learn a lot Great discounts!
great people and environment here
The people are wonderful and care about you personal growth
Great Benefits. Stock options. Lots of perks. Discounts. Nice people.
Great culture, awesome benefits, opportunities to travel and meet amazing people are frequent
You won't find a diverse community such as the one that Apple has built. Opportunities are available to those who maintain an interest in development and benefits are considered top flight for part-time and full-time employees.
- No micromanaging - Perks galore, everything from products & services to commuter benefits - Great insurance
Pros - get to work with some incredibly smart people on products/technology that's used all over the world. Most people do work where the contribution really does matter. Pay could be really good depending on your performance (ie stock options, bonus, etc).
Awesome schedule, laid back work environment, good work flow (not too busy and not too slow), great room for growth and learning
Flexible schedule, great training programs.
The cafe has good food, but nothing is free... The gym is very nice as well.
Full time and part time tuition assistance, vacation time and health care. Discounts! Pay is really good for a retailer. Apple employees are some of the best co-workers I've worked with. There are also plenty of opportunities to move up in the company.
discounts in every single products
Sandwiches, yoohoo, copy machines, praise, and onsite chapel.
You learn a lot and work with great people.
Never boring and always challenges that push the thinking outside the box for solutions. Smart people to work with in every capacity and rewards in seeing impossible problems being solved with great tenacity and focus by like minded group of people.
Can work at home, have great medical benefits, decent pay, and great sick/vacation time.
Your coworkers come from diverse backgrounds — everyone from salesmen to musicians — and they will become your best friends. Never worked with a more interesting group of people. When able to help a customer learn something or repair something, you will feel valued and appreciated.
Your colleagues are some of the coolest, most intelligent, and diverse people around. The people that work at Apple, actually care about it being a good work environment and also about doing well in business.
Great benefits all the way around. You won't regret working for this progressive company and if you work hard you will be rewarded for your efforts.
Perks: lots of travel if you like travelling to Asia, dynamic workplace, high expectations, high performing. Good salary, DRI mentality, freedom to take decisions and navigate product.
The ability to be who you are and be valued for it.
The People are what make this company who they are... Of course the products as well.
If you like to help people with passwords
by far the best job i have ever had
Management, Environment, flexible hours, pay
Brand value. Pride in working for widely known company. Get a chance to be among most competitive people. Chance to learn lot of things in quick time.
Top talent Challenges Great support from management Common goal Apple culture
Within IS&T You get quite a bit of agency over the work you do which is really nice.
The benefits are fantastic.  You genuinely enjoy the people you work with, consistently high-performing, intelligent people.
Easy job Great work life balance
good company good paid good time
Hire within, Better salaries than most private market and all government doing the same thing.
Definitely the internal team. The managers and team members are what made the experience at Apple so memorable. While customers can be difficult at times, it's great having the support from other colleagues on a daily basis.
Decent pay compared to other companies (especially since I was a college student), amazing coworkers, great family environment
Job security, they are good to their employees, outstanding benefits and perks, smart people, and you'll learn some really valuable skills that you can put to use with Apple or externally if you decide to leave. Don't expect to see the same perks and to get the same treatment from other companies! i rated work life balance "neutral" - it's retail.
Great environment. A lot of room for growth.
Great benefits, competitive pay, wonderful coworkers and a challenging work environment. It is a top flight company for a reason.
Great team and customers. The training was beyond what I could have imagined and prepared me for a successful career.
On the job training Great benefits Good pay Great people to work with
Cool team with interesting people, nice discount on Apple products, you will gain a lot of general technical knowledge and awareness.
You make easy commission because people know what they want when coming into the store
Latest and greatest technology by one of the best companies in the world.
Experience in many aspects of professional development
Lots of opportunities withing the company.
And doing mandatory things is stupid
I am given the opportunity to deal with different people every single day, providing solutions and repairing their devices. Having worked countless retail jobs, this is by far the best opportunity someone can get in retail. Granted, I have only worked at one apple location, however the people who i get to work with make the experience very enriching.
- They will pay for college - Internal perks are awesome
Fun and growth, great products
The people hired at Apple are usually brilliant and talented people. Work is always challenging and the time flies. You're the first to experience all the latest and greatest technology Apple has to offer. The skills developed at Apple are applicable to many different career paths. You have the opportunity, if you're a hard worker to travel world wide and have international experiences few companies can afford their employees.
Awesome company with an exciting culture and products. The team building in the stores is unlike any other company. Working day in and out with your teammates to satisfy the thousands of customers builds amazing friendships and team camaraderie.
Peers and direct reports become family
They care about their employees, whether through benefits or respecting our time, I never doubt it.
Everyone is very nice and professional
Good health benefits for part time worker
Great working with cutting technology, new products, and discounts are great.
This working environment is one you want to be in. You will be surrounded by great people, have competitive benefits, and a highly regarded job.
Benefits, People, and the pay is good for retail only you are expected to sacrifice at every corner.
Most rewarding job I have had. Offers above average pay for a similar job at another company. Benefits are superb.
They have a decent pay with a bunch of benefits such as vacationing and sick leave
big company and have complete system
the pay is great and you work with amazing peers
Overall, Apple is a great place to work, but certain divisions such as (AHA-recruiting management) need major help! - Great benefits and perks - Ability to work with world class technology - Top notch training available
- good work - good peers - good food, benefits - pacy work - aggressive time lines - scope to learn a lot!
Strong introductory training, great team comeraderie
Having the name on the resume is a big plus Surrounded by really smart people
Benefits ,pay, perks & work environment . Ability to work from home.
you can get chance to work in multiple technologies
There are many great things to say about working for a company like Apple Inc. Managers at Apple are quick to recognize hard workers. I touted this as one of the major positive aspects of working for a company like Apple for years. The opportunities for advancement within the AppleCare environment are numerous if you are dedicated and hard worker. Furthermore, there are many very smart and dedicated people working alongside you that make the job enjoyable on a day to day basis. Apple typically makes the right choices when it comes to advancements/promotions. Apple is competitive when it comes to compensation. They typically aim to be better in this area than many other companies. It's easy to get behind a company like Apple who is continually releasing innovative products. The positive aspects of working for Apple are almost too numerous to list here.
very positive environment and team work in general (with few exceptions)
They make great, unique products.
Passion, Pay, Team, Experience and Products
Good environment, good food, and great salary with bonus.
culture, passion, good pay, good breaks, cool people
Great benefits, fast growth, good people to work with, fun.
Great benefits and very flexible hours. Company culture is amazing. Employees are great to work with
Awesome people, passionate workforce, good pay. So many fantastic training opportunities, truly driven by the desire to build your career.
Apple is the type of place where you can do the best work of your life. They have all the resources and incredibly high expectations.  They also pay their employees well, provide tons of training opportunities, and have great products to work on. In other companies, I sometimes had to compromise an idea to bring it in under budget. That very rarely happens to truly great ideas at Apple.  Additionally, I found that my personal values were very in line with the overall compass of the company.
Each R&D org has its own culture. I love mine, but I've heard stories from other groups that sound unpleasant to work for.  It's such a huge company that there are always positions in other groups if you are interesting in changing jobs.
Great pay, benefits and the most amazing people to work with.
Apple is a good company period. The pay is above average for working in a retail store and the benefits are excellent.
The management really wants you to be the best you can be within your title, before moving up to any other position. They are very focused and dedicated to expanding your knowledge on all the products, and give you time to study the products or anything you feel needs brushing up on. They are very lenient with days off, as long as you request them a few weeks in advance, and they are very adamant on answering your requests within a day. The pay is good for a retail store, however, for the amount of money the company makes, mostly because of their retail store employees, the pay should be more. The managers for the most part care a lot about their employees and treat them like equals, they are very friendly and helpful and good at listening and responding to the employees suggestions and feedback. All the employees in the store really love doing what they do.
Great benefits Free things Recognizable brand
Insane benefits, insane benefits, insane benefits insane benefits, insane benefits. Did I mention how insane the benefits are? Finest senior leadership around. Finest CEO you could imagine.
exciting consumer product, high profile
Got to meet interesting people
the people and products are great
They pay you relatively well. Also, people seem impressed that you work at Apple.
Paid vacation and sick pay, great benefits, education assistance They're very much into development and keeping employees happy.
- Amazing people to work with. - Great products. - Amazing benefits. - Pay is great. - Vacation time. - Awesome perks. - You learn a lot about technology. - Pretty flexible with scheduling. - They do not frown upon going to school and offer assistance.
good compensation, wonderful training courses, amazing all expense paid training trips, great incentives, great communication between higher level staff and lower level staff, 401k and benefits even for part-time employees
Great benefits with a stable work-life balance
Training and product knowledge. Working with and actualy helping a large amount of people. Pay is decent with bonuses.
-Benefits. Thats it. Only reason to take this job is if you need healthcare
The benefits at Apple are great, they allow you to get the products you want or that your family wants.
You get to work from home and the people you meet in your job are amazing. You also get good benefits. Apple rewards you for doing good by sending you small gifts and allowing you to move up when you graduate.
Has great benefits, development time, and some of the best employees to work with.
If you are ambitious and competitive. Specialist is for you. It is so much fun. I love Apple products so being able to make people happy and getting to play and learn on these products are amazing.
You're able to Work at home.
Great Learning experience. Surrounded by smart talented passionate people.
Fair compensation. The best benefits. You are paid for every minute you work. Happy upbeat working environment.
excellent training Apple ensures that you feel good in your team visible progress great opportunities after a year in the positions
Great perks and overall salary
It is a very good company to work for. Always on the move and if you love to help people its great!
The opportunity for growth in the various fields within the Apple Retail environment are available, from Specialist, to Expert, Family Room, Genius to Creative. I work with some of the best coworkers who truly care about their jobs at Apple and the customers they help.
Great people, Great building, Great product
Culture, history, passion, benefits. Great people, great products, good environment.
Lots of benefits. Meet great people. work with good people.
Fun environment. Great place to learn sales.
great culture, wherever you go you will gain a family
It couldn't be a better company
Apple ensures all of their employees develop in leadership, business, and technological mindset.
The Benefits and pay is very good, consider this as a retail Job. The discounts are great, and the team atmosphere is great. there room for growth
-get to work with some very talented and interesting dedicated people -customer engagement is very energizing and never boring -exciting to provide great service with great products
Work from home. One month paid training.
Great connections, fun job and great troubleshooting skills.
The leadership is supportive and your coworkers are awesome. everything is about teamwork, and they will work to make your work/life balance as easy and pleasant as possible.
Everyone gets along. It's a perk of being a social retail gig plus you're always up to date with the newest technology. Benefits are amazing - affordable health insurance, transportation coverage, fun workplace.
The brand sounds good to other employers.
I got to work with some of the smartest people in the world on really tough problems, and got to really contribute, my work shipped in an identifiable way - which in such a large company was an amazing thing. The energy of working at Apple was addictive, not to mention the fact that everyone (family, friends) were in awe of you working there.  I briefly worked at Google after leaving Apple, and my god, it was a stark difference. At Apple everyone focused on product, everyone knew that what they did made a difference and poured their hearts and souls into every day there. At google... not so much. Projects were cancelled regularly and people just didn't care, whether your product shipped or not, Google still got paid from advertising, so hey - why bother sweating it?
Great pay and presents for employees.
I worked there for about two years doing technical support. For maybe the first year, it was pretty great. There was plenty of training, good benefits, pay was decent. Fixing customer problems was the main focus of the job, and I was doing very well at that. We also could sell items to customers, but that was just a useful way to order them a part or cable or disc they needed without having to shuffle them to a salesperson. Sales was not a focus. I wouldn't have taken the job otherwise, because I have no skill at all at sales, and it's something I absolutely loathe doing.
There are too many to list.
Best place to work for
Many of my friends from college work at Google and Facebook, and from my conversations I can honestly say that Apple values design more than any other tech company. Don't get me wrong, Google and Facebook (as well as a few other notable Silicon Valley corporations) have extremely high standards when it comes to design and user experience, but Apple takes it to a whole new level. They treat designers like royalty, and it shows in the products. As a software designer, I do feel highly valued at Apple. I do feel that I am doing great work. I do feel that I am more of an artist, a craftsman, than a developer. And I do feel that the long working hours pay off, not in cash but in the ability to look at the work I've done with my team and think to myself that this is what Picasso would use today. That's priceless. The 'climbing a ladder for prestigious positions' doesn't exist here because that's not what Apple stands for. The workers are here to design beautiful products together, and if everyone competes for meaningless position titles, the product quality worsens. That's why Apple doesn't really give a lot of freedom to move up.
Training was awesome, the team members really work together. The training is ongoing and the job can really be satisfying. The convenience and the benefits are great as well
The best colleagues in the business. This is a great opportunity to work with some really fantastic, dedicated people, who genuinely want to use technology to make the world a better place.
Fast career growth, with ability to learn techonogy
The coworkers are really talented and creative. Apple is really pushing the technology.
Great health benefits and stock purchase plan. Great pay for a retail environment.
Benefits and freebie. Travel oppturnities are amazing. Also learning and careers growth
A remarkable group of people, of all walks of life, all age groups, ethnicities, education and experience work together very hard, every day. The real challenge is to stay true to yourself -- the very reason why you were hired -- while polishing your knowledge and developing a broader emotional intelligence. The structure built in to insure you do great is there. You need to ask if you need help, stay put, never give up, strive to better yourself, because the company will be there to support you. Choose your mentors, become a mentor to others. Make sure you stay generous of your talent, give something back in return for what you receive, every day.
Tremendous room for growth and satisfaction with the profession. They really do notice if you're doing an excellent job, and want to give you room to improve your expertise as long as you want to. They hire excellent people, and I've made some of the best friends of my life by working there. They educate their employees, and the training is a positive experience both for improving one's personal skills and demonstrates that Apple is not in the business of screwing its customers at all.
Good work environment. Excellent collegues
Team is great, good benefits, learn more about the products than you'd ever hope to know otherwise. Leadership is very supportive and caring towards your progress as a team member and genuinely care about you. Team sort of becomes a family.
The pros are the interview process is pleasant, and quick. The recruiter and all of the hiring managers I spoke to were all extremely kind and friendly. In addition the pay and benefits are lovely.
Working for Apple was AMAZING!
Great Company, Great Benefits, Treats Employee As Well As They Do Their Customers
Flexible, high salary, travel if desired
Awesome coworkers, great benefits (even part-time), good pay, AWESOME DISCOUNTS.
Amazing co-workers, good benefits, decent pay. The 401k and stock options don't hurt either.
Amazing benefits awarded even to part time employees. Flexibility with schedule as long as you plan in advance. Many options for movement internally or to a different location.
Employees are provided with incredible benefits. There is a lot of independence and very little micro-managing. Everyone I worked with was friendly and happy to be there.
They are flexible with scheduling and offer great party!
- Positions are not performance based - Relatively easy job if you can handle a high-stress environment
workmates, time off, development, culture, perks
You're working at Apple. Job security is great and it's a good, higher paying retail job. You get a decent discount but it's very rigid.
Great company, work friendly, culture is amazing, lots of employees, tons of development, support
Great opportunities to work in many different things.
Innovative friendly dynamic casual operations
its nice and warm and friendly
Benefits and growth opportunity are superb!
- Awesome products - Smart People - Great Benefits - Many good leaders, unfortunately they lack the power to influence (see cons)
Lots of people you work with will be high energy, super cool people. I learned enough about technology through Apple products to talk shop with VC investors.
Great company on your resume
Apple takes pretty good care of employees, good benefits, lots of training, energectic though sometimes chaotic environment.
I enjoyed the freedom of being who I am and enjoying working with people. The culture of Apple is amazing and the best at taking customers through a journey. Working at Apple not only changed my way of life, thinking, and values but to see the difference I make one person at a time. I love that everyone is a family and is encourage to provide feedback.
Exciting, fast pace, meet lots of interesting people, get to use great technology, be part of something big.
The leadership is very good. The culture is nice and the training is very good. There is plenty of support from the whole team.
health benefits, ample hours, vacation hours, sick hours, 401K
Fantastic technical challenges, brilliant people, complex and important problems to be solved. The benefits are great, of course, and the prestige both during the time you work there and even afterwards on your resume are significant benefits. If you like serious intellectual challenges, and the opportunity to do something that makes a difference in the world, this is the place for you. I think the compensation was very fair compared to other companies, and those people who really are rock stars really get very well compensated.
I loved my experience with Apple. I started out at their corporate headquarters in Austin, and worked for three retail stores afterwards. The coworkers have completely made the experience for me. I have met so many passionate people and made many lasting friendships.  They pay well above minimum wage, most likely the highest of any retail store. There are goals, but no commission, so the pressure is not on you to force the customers into something they do not want. Managers treat employees very fairly, and have shown great compassion when real life gets in the way of work life.  They have the best benefits package of any company I have ever worked for. Great discounts on products, and employee stock purchase discounts too.  You have the opportunity to make lateral moves within the company to find our what role makes you happiest.  Apple was a job, not a career for me. It didn't pay me more than I made in other, more corporate settings. But if happiness had a price, this company was better to me than any other.
Consistent, fair wages/benefits, good people, stress free, room to grow
Great Culture. Great leadership. Great environment
Reputed name in the industry for quality products.
awesome atmosphere, great benefits, fun to work
Supportive environment, great training and on boarding process. Loved the work-life balance. Diverse and accepting corporate culture. Good benefits.
It's great company with a passion for excelling and reaching the world withs it's great products
Opportunity to learn a lot, and a highly competitive environment where one gets to work with the best of the best.
Fine place to work at
many opportunities for higher advancement
Company values are strong and reasonable.
Great people work there, learn a lot.
Working with bleeding edge technologies is highly encouraged and supported. The best on site food services you could ever imagine.
They had Company beer bashes, giveaways & paid health care for employees. Mostly had no dress code. We used to come into work in our pjs
great pay, great benefits, helping people.
-People -Benefits -Vacation Time -being able to clock out and leave all the cares and stresses of the day there. -extensive training
Great pay, great opportunities
Good company to work Great discounts on apple products. Requirements are clear Free shuttle to most part of bay area Flexible timings
Motivated coworkers and nice benefits
They offer amazing opportunities and they are always creating better ways to work.
Amazing leadership. Product sells it-self. Amazing team.
Hours are flexible, lots of standing, good pay, managers are usually pretty fair and understanding, DISCOUNTS, worst part is the hostility some of the employees show to the fellow salesman but its a great place to work!
Pretty awesome company to work for.
One might find some interesting things to work on, depends on luck and timing
Discount is great Skills learned booth technical and customer service wise Health benefits are great vested day 1 401k is very nice Employee stock purchase
You get to work on products that impact the real world , a chance to make a difference. Everyone from an intern to manager does meaningful work. The hours are hectic but the work is interesting and demands long hours. Free food after 5 for engineers is always a great benefit! The compensation is better than average (especially since it's an RF position). With overtime pay, you can make well above the base.
The people I worked with were AMAXING people. A truly diverse group. The benefits were amazing, even for part-time. Management back up employees.
Upbeat Atmosphere, The satisfaction from unselfishly helping people. I still say its the best job I've ever had...3 years later
Always on the go something for everyone
The stock (which they don't offer as much of anymore now that the price is high).
Wonderful learning opportunities Supersonic paced Free goodies :)
Apple offers a multitude of benefits to its employees, which is GREAT! These include vision, health, dental,up to 25% off discounts on their products. Recently they just opened their gym/health program for part time employees, giving them up to $300 in reimbursement for their gym memberships. Food is often made available during product launches and holidays which is definitely a plus.
innovative place to work liked a lot
There is emphasis on development and learning. The benefits are unparalleled and help contribute to employee futures. The work environment is challenging and face paced
Apple as a whole is an amazing place to work. Very open minded and just really cool
Loved the environment. Great people and great culture.
Pay, benefits, pace of the store
Absolutely the smartest people I've ever worked with, and I've worked all over the world. They do everything they do better than anyone else. No detail is left without scrutiny. The scrutiny does not leave any room for failure which lends to their success, but doesn't allow for mistakes.
Some of the smartest people you will ever meet. The resources of a kingdom at your fingertips
Great place to work and environmental
Learning all about iPads and iPhones
Friendly people, co-workers become like second family, and management is very open and welcoming.
Apple is a great place to work. Flexible with schedule (college students) must be 18.  Our people (employees) are you unique. Very diverse fun people work at Apple.. & can't forget smart.  Pay is better probably better than any other retail store.
So much training, great company values, good benefits, very flexible when you need time off
If you love technology then this is the place to work. Great/funny coworkers Benefits even for part time employees
vision, benefits, training, perks, amazing
Work from home and pretty easy tasks
Great people, solid pay, great benefits
intelligent/motivated people, innovative products, large company allows ability to move
Solid people and great training
The culture is overall very friendly and modern
Great people. Management cares about employees. Great opportunities
Laid back, family environment. Most of my peers are great people. Benefits are very good. You accrue about 1.5 vacation days per month full time.
Met some really great people, and I had a lot of fun. Some of them will be life long friends, I can tell. Starting pay for specialist has gone up since I started. You are forced to learn to think on your feet, which is a great talent to have. Benefits are awesome! Great health care even for part time.
Don't expect to change the world or gain a career. This is still retail and has changed significantly over the past few years. Sever lack of room for advancement. The only positive is that having apple on your resume speaks volumes
Great place to work.. Fun place
As a company, they truly do believe that making every customer happy is the best way to do business and not to just try to upsell them every chance they get. They strive to make the workplace much more cooperative and make your coworkers feel closer together than simply people you see when you punch in.
Excellent organization. You really work side by side with some of the most talented people in the industry.
Job isn't too stressful and pay is good. Great culture. People are positive and friendly.
Manager was easy going and straight forward
The prestige of the job attracts attention to you, making others and yourself feel good. There are also stock benefits.
•Up-beat environment. •Friendly/knowledgeable management. •Employee discounts. •Compassionate co-workers. •Random small perks, like free apps and such. •Working for the leader in smartphone and tablet notoriety.
+ Enjoyed coming into work because you are surrounded by a bunch of guys and girls who genuinely share your interest in technology and Apple. + Apple promotes employee growth and learning about the company and its products.
Every day throws something new at you and there are countless experience you would never expect from other Sales positions
Great pay, benefits and culture!
Liked the work culture and can improve leadership qualities
You'll Have Flex hours Fun Managers Sometimes They'll send u FREE stuff
The thing that I like best is the people I work with and the fact that my opinion counts. It's faced paced and no day is ever the same. The benefits are some of the best I have ever received from a company.
They also have great benefits and perks. The people are fun and are heavily focused on team work and people development.
Fun, easy environment. Like minded coworkers, decent management. If you love the products, it's an easy sell. I worked retail for a year as a "Specialist". As long as you follow the rules you're good to go. I'm in my 40's and started out at $11/hr which was decent for years ago.
awesome benefits for both part time and full time
A highly intelligent workforce, great place to challenge yourself in many ways, very ethical company with pretty good pay and benefits.
Working in the Education Sales group was a tremendous experience at the customer side. You knew you were able to make a positive impact on young learners lives and felt great about what you were doing. Everyone at the field level really cared about what they were doing and were great to work with on a daily basis. You made a decent living, but the compensation was not amazing.
Great workplace, wonderful leadership, fun place to work
Friendly staff Efficient management Streamline store experience Great training Flexible schedule
Unlimited amount of over time
Its freaking apple my man
They are a great place to work. They really promote a great work environment and push you to take on new roles and challenges. Schedules are flexible and compensation is competitive.
Great people and experiences lots of learning.
Fair Pay, Great Benefits, leadership allows you to voice concern without repercussions,
Amazing work environment, flexible working hours to help you do whatever outside of work
Cutting edge Technology and Innovation
You are valued and trained at a high level Management is always watching out for you and proactive in helping you get to where you want to be Variety of work - not just all sales
The coworkers were the best. Training was engaging and positive energy consistently flowed throughout. Awesome medical benefits and great employee discounts.
You get to work on highly-visible and well-loved products. You get to learn from some very talented colleagues. They have great benefits and executive leadership. The company's organization is highly cross-functional. Great work culture.
Always changing, lots of training and perks. Discounts on various products and services. Wonderful diversity.
great benefits, stock purchase plan, effective leadership and culture of feedback. expansive roles in an ever changing environment and your job description is never the same.
Great coworkers, freedom to make decisions
the best parts of the job are the prople you get to work with. the co workers ,benefits, focus on development are all key.
Incredible benefits package, great team of people to work with, backed by a world class name. Flexible hours and so long as you request them long enough in advanced you're gold
everything the pay, 401k health insurance
Very lovable work environment. Friendly coworkers.
I worked there as a specialist in the retail store. It was a fun, and exciting time. I really enjoyed the organization of the company.
Perks are good . You get paid holidays, paid metrocard, and 401k and more and my peers are great
Great people great perks great profucts
Great benefits, amazing people. Leadership genuinely cares about people.
-educational opportunities -non-commission based -technology -positive, encouraging work environment
Great company to work for
Apple preaches how much it cares for its employees, and as a current member of their roster I can vouch for them 100%. Each member of management makes a real, honest effort to reach out and to get to know you, and everybody at the store works together to create the best experience for everyone else. The discounts on products, both Apple branded and 3rd party, are substantial and are spread out over a variety of products and services. The training is personal and very in depth, and nobody gets annoyed, even if you ask the same questions multiple times. They genuinely want you to be happy. They offer full 401K matching, complete benefits, even to part-time employees. Starting in 2015, they will cover gym membership costs to every single employee, even part-timers. It's really a great place to work, and I feel very happy to go in every day.
If you get a chance, work in the core groups that deal with iOS,OSX, iTunes, AppStore, etc. Avoid IS& T. IS&T = Information services and technology
The freedom to be your genuine self, the comfortable atmosphere, great benefits/discounts, and the people you work with are so amazing.
The company has great benefits (health/dental, 401K matching, stocks, discounts) for full and part time employees. The culture is very positive. It's easy to request days off, and there's good vacation and holiday pay.  The work itself is relatively straight forward and easy, everything is streamlined and follows a scope of service.  The coworkers are the best part of any store, they are the best people around. Friendships for life are often formed.  Employees don't earn commission, so it reduces the pressure to have perform.  It's possible to transfer to other stores in the US and possibly the world, so there's flexibility for people who want to move.  Management is very caring and attentive.
Great atmosphere. You will work with some of the most creative individuals on the planet. Time-off is easy to come by during the off peak season.
The people are intelligent, passionate, and driven. The impact our products and services have on customers is very rewarding. The food at the company cafes is delicious.
Great Benefits and good culture
Great Benefits like healthcare, time off, development, tuition assistance, and discounts.
Great culture, and that's the most important. Management always has your side, and will work with you concerning any issues you have whether business or personal.
Great place to begin a career. Your resume will love you and prospective employers like seeing the most valuable company in the world connected to you. Mostly passionate people with a minimal of people who don't belong there.
Great work environment, fantastic discounts, non-stop support from most of management if needed.
Great, Secure Job And Company.
Great benefits and products.
Benefits, pay is reasonable, discounts, traveling expense(depends on location), fast pace, meet a diverse group of people (connections), sick pay, paid vacation
Company values, Teamwork, and a great working enviroment
The training received at Apple is one of the most unique I have had the pleasure of attending. What is taught is not about how to about product or technical aspects or anything like that. They teach that Apple is a culture not a product and it shows in the stores, product, and most importantly, the people.
Food,atmosphere and CODING!.We get free time everyday to go out and take a break
work to produce products that can change the world, and be respected everywhere.
Company values people over anything else
Everyone in the apple retail is easy to talk to and is outgoing. Environment is clean and the pace is quick
Benefits for full time and part time enployees are the best I have ever seen. Hourly pay is above average for retail companies. Time goes by fast
There are many amazing people who work there.
Working for a respectable company. Being a part of the culture
Plenty of help on the floor
Benefits are THE best I've had as far as price and coverage go which says something as my current employer is a medical insurance carrier and benefits are 3x as expensive. Once in the door there are endless opportunities whether retail or corporate.
I really like that I can work from the comfort of my own home, I can set up my home office wherever and however I want so for me it is very comfortable and peaceful. I don't have to worry about commuting and I can wake up 10 minutes before the start of my shift and start work on time. I also found that I was able to eat better as I did not have to pack a lunch or go out to a restaurant.  I think the pay and benefits are pretty good for this line of work, you get overtime and holiday pay. You also get a decent amount of vacation and sick time.  There is some room for advancement and some control over schedule, but more on that below.  I personally find a lot of satisfaction in helping others and this job offers plenty of opportunity to do so. After finishing work most days I feel like I made a positive difference in the world, however some company policies stifle this (more below). As a Tier 2 or Senior Advisor you have a lot of empowerment to help others, much more than a Tier 1 advisor.
Pretty good training program Opportunities to move up or transfer into Good benefits/discounts
Leader in innovation, product development and launch process. Truly global team and global impact.  Amazing executive team wicked smart with hearts in the right place.  Benefits second to none.
Benefits are great fast paced great folks to work with
It's a fun environment with a lot of smart people and interesting experiences.
I worked for Apple part time during college and made a lot of friends, connections, and eventually moved on to a full-time job somewhere else since there was not any full-time available.
free computer free phones and phone bill paid for, free trip to Cupertino for training, great benefits.
Great place. Great people. Great store.
great benefits, amazing people to work with and the perks are awesome
Great teammates, wonderful camaraderie. Gold standard of health benefits.
Great benefits. Great people. Great opportunities
So many benefits. Parking, transportation, stock options, and now health.
Tons of resources to learn new things related to and around Apple, so it's a huge plus if you love their technology. An arguably reasonable salary as compared to other retailers. Amazingly talented people that is mostly consistent amongst all the retail stores. Product discounts. Busy environment that really challenges your people skills.
Benefits, team is amazing, management is wonderful, constantly learning on a daily basis. You work with people who are as passionate about what they do as you are- who are determined and destined for great things. Work life balance is great- yes when you need to complete an assignment you are expected to as you should! But if you're always on top of your game and know how to manage your time it's incredible! Vacation, stocks, health benefits, etc.. Are wonderful!
good benefits even for part time employees, great management, always learning
Decent pay, great people you work with in a very diverse environment. Opportunity to grow and do different roles. Awesome company to put on a resume.
the core management is generally very caring
great company to work for.
Fun and upbeat working environment Good opportunity for advancement Resources for self-learning and personal growth Good company culture 25% discount on most Apple brand items
Great coworkers, great pay, ability to move up in the company, friendly and helpful management, convenient
you get paid and you get great discounts
Big name company with lots to learn and opportunities to climb up the career ladder. Lots of fun people to work with.
Decent pay, fast paced, somewhat challenging. Benefits are amazing. Can be emotionally straining dealing with upset customers all day, however they provide some of the best training I've seen for dealing with customers.
Great people, environment, fast-paced, benefits even for part-time employees, and decent employee discount on all apple products.
Good People excellent customer focus
- Flexible hours, plenty of opportunities for shifts - Many opportunities to get more involved with store operations including but not limited to the Visual team, teaching workshops, and mentoring. - 401k for part timers!! - Incredible team atmosphere - Excellent training - Room for professional growth
Growth, learning, access to software, great customers, great team members
Amazing company with amazing people. If you work hard and do your job, you will move up. This company is all about career development if you do your part and work hard. The work is extremely satisfying and I love what I do. Love the comfort of working in my home. They also send lots of t-shirts, mugs, totes, and other cool stuff that truly make you feel appreciated. Best place to work.
Friendly coworkers, great benefits and discounts, takes good care of employees, lots of opportunities for growth, company is moving towards achieving new innovative ideas.
Compensation, benefits, culture, company values, perks
Friendly and entertaining employees and environment.
Great hours, work-life-school balance, they work with you, have fun events, great environment with friendly management and co-workers.
excellent training, allows you to learn and grow, friendly colleagues and managers.
Estable company Good culture Easy going Time off and benefits are good
Benefits, coworkers, management. The benefits are hard to beat, and include but are not limited to healthcare, discounted stock options, paid education, student debt refinancing, 401K matching program with Charles Schwab
You have the Freedom to be yourself.
Work life balance, benefits, and pay
Working for Apple is amazing. You can move up quickly and the pay is great. Lots of opportunities for different backgrounds and fun environment. The company really cares about the employees and benefits are great.
Wonderful benefits, on the job training, and terrific customers!
Some of the best reasons to work at Apple are the flexibility of schedules and part time benefits. The starting pay is great for college students looking to work and attend classes. The team-based culture of feedback and knowledge really contributes to Apple's excellence in the customer experience. No one needs to feel dumb about their technology.
Some of the best reasons to work at Apple are the flexibility of schedules and part time benefits. The starting pay is great for college students looking to work and attend classes. The team-based culture of feedback and knowledge really contributes to Apple's excellence in the customer experience. No one needs to feel dumb about their technology.
Benefits, atmosphere, discounts, pay, coworkers
-They hire fantastic people. Your coworkers are the saving grace. -For retail, the pay is not terrible. -For part-time workers, benefits are astronomically better than most other retail companies -Good, albeit redundant, training program -Socially conscious, inclusive company -Good job at building a culture that is easy to be passionate about
Great benefits, discounted stocks, and even discounts on all hardware. Paid holidays and great health benefits.
work from home, never late to work, equipment provided.
Worked from home, Benefits from day one. very competitive salary, and gave you an iMAC
Coworkers are awesome and the products are great
- clean, positive work environment - upward mobility - hot stock options - name brand
Good management great cowokers tons of overtime
great team with many awesome products which makes it exciting typical day at work consists of managing the flow of repairs. Communicating with customers about their repair status. Thus far I have learned the paradigm of Apples' customer service while obtaining a deeper understanding of the management style. The hardest part of the job is delivering difficult news to customers about repairs or the status of their device. I most enjoy interacting with customers. Teaching someone something new about their personal equipment is quite rewarding
Great company with great benefits and a lot of opportunity to grow and develop
Was able to explore my interests with different positions in the store, able to hold a variety of roles
Co-workers are the best. Also learn a lot about how to deal with difficult situations that help elsewhere outside of work.
Great products. Great brand. Great people. Would recommend to people who like to be challenged and like a good mix of b2c and b2b.
Working with the latest in technology and amazing training. The workers (Genius, Creatives, Specialist) were some of the most talented people I have ever worked with.
Company Values, great benefits, amazing work environment, awesome employees.
get environment and workers. You get to work with alot of young people. Caps out and no growth.
Working from home and the benefits were amazing! Training was informative!
Management is cool and environment is fairly relaxed.
You get to work with some of the greatest people who all are there for one purpose: to have a good time. It is an upbeat environment and innovative. If you play your cards right it is easy for you to move up in the company as well. The pay is pretty good, but the benefits are amazing.
Great environment Great people great benefits great products great discounts very very very nice outfits good working environment
Great values and benefits and fast paced place to work
Fantastic people,well-managed fun atmosphere, good training, great benefits (even for PT), very good pay for retail, discounts on all their products,
I met some amazing people that I still keep in touch with to this day! The benefits were decent (both health and on Apple products) though you can't always afford most of the products on the Apple retail wage. I gained a lot of skills (as it's a fast paced environment) in dealing with people of all backgrounds, nationalities and anger levels.
everything was awesome i liked everything
They have amazing benefits and are very understanding if things come up. They hold their products high and expect the customers to get top quality help. There is a lot of metrics to adhere to, but the customer is always the top priority.
Evrything is good for this company
Phenomenal benefits Leadership really cares about your well-being. You have the authority to make decisions that are best for the customer.
Best company I worked for, loved interacting with the customers. Pay was great
Excellent place to work for
Benefits are excellent with many opportunities for investing and great healthcare. Management seems to be willing to work with you through a variety of situations that are less than ideal.
Great offices. Beautiful industrial design. Brushed aluminum everywhere. Literally aluminum couches. Time to do your own thing a lot. Everyone is interesting and talented. Don't care about your gpa or school all about how well you interview.
One of a handful of companies in the world where you get to work on cutting edge and beautifully designed products.
Decent work/life balance. Good perks. Good pay. Great people, lots of smart people.
Because it's Apple! The management really works well with everyone to instill the company beliefs, gets you excited about being there for your shift, and yet everyone of all positions still chats and jokes around as equals. A really lovely team feeling, and some of the most interesting people I've ever met.
-You will make some of your closest friends within these walls -Free online training on a vast number of subjects -Excitement of seeing/play new products the morning of a launch without having camped out -3rd party promotions
Some cool products and people
Exposure to new technology and a people focused environment.
Benefits are great for retail, compensation is relatively fair, fun people, interesting clients, flexible hours, easy to get time off
Decent pay, good benefits. Everyone got along well and it has a decent work life balance. But then again it is retail
Deals on apple products, and perks
Growing company and good location in bay area.
This is my dream job, couldn't even imagine anything better.
High energy and a sense of community. I met some life-long friends there. Healthy developmental growth opportunities. Hour-long lunch break. Great discounts on Apple goods as well as third-party offers. Store meetings are always fun and informative. Excellent benefits package as well as "staying healthy" competitive challenges. I did learn how NOT to mentor/manage others.
25% discount on 1 product a year? That's the best I can come up with.
Exciting, thrilling, enjoyable. Work with the coolest devices on earth. One of my most favorite jobs by far.
Management, pay, training, advancement, team.
The main advantage is great people you are working with and lots of learning opportunities. The company encourages innovation and do not fear to challenge status quo. Also an emphasis on quality goes throughout the project life cycle.
I'm able to be myself and everyday learn things that make me a better human being.
Good company, work culture is excellent.
The health insurance is great, and Apple has a great cafe. The building and work environment are great, and you always the latest technology at your disposal.
Great pay QOL services Many fringe benefits Extremely stable Quick to promote those qualified Benefits are industry leading Management is legit High profile position
Pay, the people, the learning experience, the tools you gain, the doors it opens
Despite some public opinion, Apple is an extremely ethical company. Lots of smart peers to learn from. Opportunity for growth when you demonstrate potential.
Good Work Culture. Good Benefits.
Unbelievable team, customers, and technology.
Great job to have for anyone
Nice environment, smart people, i felt like i was really part of a community. My boss was very receptive
The training is awesome! The benefits are amazing! Access to so many resources! Some of the brightest and friendliest coworkers anyone can have! Feedback can be given by anyone, to anyone.
- Flexible hours - Benefits as a part-timer (one of the few companies that do it) - Training
Great culture, great working environment very supportive management
Exposure to the biggest company in the world, managing billions of dollars of revenue, massive scale to force will into the supply chain
Apple used to be a good company to work for and there was plenty of chances to move up in the company. That has now changed.
None. Zero. Nada. Zip. Treated badly.
I worked here for two years in the At home advisor position. I was taught in the comfort of my home via iMac. They supplied all the work equipment and reimbursement for the phone and Internet bill needed to do the job. Overall, working with Apple was great. The managers are very supportive. SW focus mainly on numbers but others were such an encouragement. I loved being able to work part time with full benefits and around my school schedule. Each year we got a $1 raise which was nice and also commission on extra sales which was easy to obtain. Te meetings were fun and informative. The schedule was set and never any last minute changes. Very well organized.
Awesome work atmosphere, friendly employees, supportive management team
- Benefits cannot be matched by any other employer (PPO plan) - Great employee discounts on peripherals and phone plans - Relative to other retail stores, this is one of the best to work for
It's a great company and they seem to really want to make employees happy. The perks of the employee discount are great as well as the health insurance.
Pay is good for job being done
Competitive pay, Apple routinely hires great people. Almost all of my coworkers were intelligent, friendly people
Benefits and the people, management is great
Great Pay, awesome work environment
culture, opportunities, environment, support, development
Nice cafeteria. It was exciting at first, thinking I was going to help the famous garage-shop entrepreneur with his dream.
Management values hardwork. Peers are very cooperative and help you learn all the different Mac tools.
Excellent working experience and great benefits
Most of my coworkers are great
Culture,values, benefits, focus on employees,
excellent benefits intra-preneurial work environment/culture innovative, progressive industry-leading company extremely intelligent and talented pool of professionals
Great benefits and great company to work for. They are great people and really acre for the employees
The Apple stores offer quality service and quality products. Service however is the most important.
Maintains the good mood people awaken with.
-competitive compensation and benefits -great experience for customer service and interpersonal skills -opportunity to continue working with the company if you consistently meet performance standards -performance reviews and guidance -good management and organizational structure
Very friendly environment, employee discount, awards you receive, pay is great too. The work from home opportunity is great! They provided us with the Mac to use for work. I loved being able to work from home while doing a job I loved. I only left due to my husband's job relocating and the hours wouldn't work with our new schedule with the kids.
Great co-workers for the most part. Great company to have on your resumé. Great place to learn a lot as well
Work from home, decent pay.
- Health care benefits for part-time employees - A plethora of training - Some promotions, such as end of life products and third party accessory deals from vendors
"prestige" to say you work there for the folks who think it might be "glamourous". Good for the resume..
Great passionate people. Smart folks are everywhere and almost everyone is friendly.
Very good benefits, people-first culture, worked with some really creative coworkers, good opportunities for growth, can easily transfer to different stores around the country
Fantastic job, good training, good people, always enjoyed it very much.
Limitless potential, Training, Work-Life Balance, Benefits
Company cares about the employees and takes care of their needs. They provide a great balance of work life and the benefits provided are great. Never felt pressured or stressed out to a point where I did not want to work.
Apple gives you a good support system. I worked at the retail level, and it was leaps and bounds cooler than most retail jobs you'll find.
Good pay for what is essentially entry-level IT. They will pay for your training as you progress. Tuition reimbursement and health care is awesome. Lots of vacation time, too.
You are a part of a team that is very smart, caring, approachable and you feel like you make an impact in your daily interactions.
The support of the Management and trainers is out standing, the people you work with are top notch.
Flexible hours, travel opportunities, beer bashes, ideal weather, wide array of food options, casual wear, company prestige, company pride, generous time-off benefits, great healthcare benefits, loose management structure, free snacks on the job
Great Company, Benefits. The best part of the job was my co-workers. It allowed us to have a sense of community, like we were going to war together to conquer a common enemy.
Apple invests a lot in your genius training, and management have respect for you so they dont really bother you or second guess any of your decisions
Highly intelligent employees who are mostly passionate about the product and the company
Great people to work with, great benefits. Lets you do as you see fit, lots of belief in it's people.
people focused, innovative, exciting and cutting edge. Company values and culture are exactly what you would expect
Depending on the store there is strong support from your managers. Most of your co-workers are people who are contributing to the arts in in an incredible way.
Great products to sell. Lots of work to do. Many customers love the products. Strong engineering team. Strong Senior Management team. Great anti-harasment policy. 401K Matching.
Apple wants to do great things and they value passion in employees. They run a very tight ship with operations that are second to none.
Great discounts on apple products, higher pay than most other retail jobs
Exciting constantly evolving, changing to make a better customer experience
Fun environment, fantastic support from coworkers, extremely passionate people, felt I mattered to both my coworkers and my managers.
Transparent and communicative management that put employees first. Flexible schedule for students and part timers. Supportive training program that ensured quality customer service experience
Part time benefits and great networking!
The best reasons to work there are the ability to share a little bit of your passion for Apple products with the customers , and to work alongside some very intelligent and interesting individuals.
very good people and team. plenty of learning opportunities.
Great culture, I met people that I would never ever have met and I am still friends with them even after I left the company on good terms.
The experience develops character, a tough work ethic, and analytical thinking skills. leadership genuinely cares, but there are challenges that may be a distraction from developing talent.
The possibilities are endless in this company. Almost every month there are different positions that are available for you to apply. The culture is extremely laid back. The managers (most) really care what you have to say and work with you to meet your career goals and help you develop into an awesome leader.
The people you work with are what make this job - they are smart, social and savvy (mostly).  Great discount and a company I'm proud to say I've worked for.  Excellent training - not only about the products but with dealing with customers.
Very friendly environment, lots of resources for improvement.
High compensation for a star player Coolest products Strong job security for a high caliber engineer
The store I have the pleasure of working in is beyond incredible. Staffed to perfection. Everyone is so kind and we all support each other in our growth opportunities as well as praising each other in our strengths. There is no situation that could rise where you face it alone. The benefits are astonishing, which just shows how great this company truly is.
The environment that Apple had/has makes dealing with retail customers possible. The benefits in my opinion are some of the greatest for a retail job.
The health benefits are really great and the fact that they pay for transportation (public transit).
You work with some amazing, talented, and intelligent people. The hiring process is fairly rigorous, so you get coworkers who are pretty interesting, outgoing, and creative. The products for the most part sell themselves, although you do have to do some work to sell add-ons such as AppleCare or other memberships. Fast paced (could be a pro or con depending on personality) and upbeat workplace.
The benefits outweigh the cons
Great opportunity. Access to managers you support. Personal growth and great pay.
You will work very hard
The people! Everyone from management to cafe staff are welcoming and they're a creative bunch that truly believe in Apple, in Apple's culture, and in the products. Plenty of opportunities to network with the beer bashes and other employee enrichment events The pay is phenomenal and the benefits are amazing Apple truly cares and treats you like a family member no matter what Management IS truly there to help you advance and hone your skills and make you a better person They're so involved with community and health issues and it's good to see a huge company such as Apple giving back and caring for their employees and their families Not your regular 9-5 desk job!! They emphasize fun and they mean it. Yes, it's corporate but the atmosphere is laid back and the campuses in Austin are HUGE. You'll see anyone on any given day with a hula hoop in one hand and their MacBook Pro in another Love love loooooved this job! I truly felt like I was improving my customer's lives and I even cried with one customer because she was so happy! This is a great feeling.
Working with a lot of experienced and excellent engineers. Feeling proud and competent. A lot of equipments and state of art labs to use.
Excellent caring management. Many options for advancement to mid tier positions. Excellent benefits.
Highly successful, high visibility, prestige job
Two fifteen minute breaks and an hour lunch. Most locations are by great food that you have time to wait for. You get the chance to meet A LOT of awesome people.
good people to work with, customers and employees.
Getting hired at Apple has to be one of the best things that have ever happen to me! Extremely flexible with scheduling, the vibe from my team members alway keeps me going, and the acknowledgment of hard work you put in is appreciated. Best retail job hands down! Also, the benefits and pay is great especially for a college student.
Work life balance is awesome and managers at Apple do not micromanaged you. The hourly rate is great in comparison to other retailers as well. Many discounts on products in the store and offer great medical discounts are offered by Apple which is great. Also, there is major opportunity for development within the company which makes it a great place to start your career.
great people and benefits. constant excitement and new changes to keep you stimulated
The atmosphere is fun, the products are fantastic, and they teach you how to use all of them.They pay well, and offer many opportunities for advancement, and the benefits are amazing.
Challenging, fun great people. Good benefits.
Apple had a great training program for the position. They also provided decent pay and had some good benefits. My manager was great though and very supportive with my position.
In the two positions I've held at Apple, I've been able to work from home for both. Not commuting is nice, but many times, this may not feel like a "pro." Employee discount is better than I expected. Ample vacation days (12 for entry level first-time job) and pretty lenient with sick leave. It's nice to not really have a script that I'm required to read from, since basically AppleCare, as well as my previous Online Store Chat position, closely resembled stereotypical call-center jobs.
Brand name, opportunities, networking, Benefits, ability to transition into different groups, and personal growth
Brand name, opportunities, networking, Benefits, ability to transition into different groups, and personal growth
The people you work alongside are the greatest people in the world. If your like retail, there's no better place to work.
Benefits, Flexible schedule, great training
Its the best! Keep up the great work team
Great environment to work and the products are excellent to represent. Diversity is awesome and people have a lot of positive intent.
Challenging work. High growth business.
Great work culture and friendly environment. Management is willing to work with your schedule if you are in school. The structure of the training is helpful, not only to being an asset at Apple, but to your outlook on life.
Apple is cool and i love tim cook he is funny and cool , thank you apple for every think
People focused, great benefits, very diverse set of people employed
Great benefits for par-time job and good training. I was allowed to take care of customer needs at the beginning.
Great people, benefits and place to work at
-Best, most high-energy, passionate group of people you will ever work with. We have fun with each other, and with the customers, and it's a good atmosphere. People come to Apple Stores because they love Apple. People work at Apple Stores because they love Apple. It makes for a good environment. -Great Health Benefits. Premiums are less than $100 per month for full dental, health, and vision -401(k) plan with matching (Apple matches 50% of 6% that you put in, from day one, and it goes up as service time goes up) -15% off of Apple Stock twice a year -25% off one Mac per year, 25% off one iPad per year, etc...15% off 10 Macs per year, 15% off 10 iPads per year...etc...and unlimited 10% off of anything in store. Also, pretty strong discounts on third party products from time to time. (like 40% off Bose, etc.) Also, additional $500 off after the 25% off Mac once every three years. So you can basically get an $1800 Mac for $850 once every three years. -Tuition Reimbursement (which may be getting enhanced to cover PT employees as well as FT) -Good hourly wage (plus overtime) in a retail environment. New PT Specialists start at around $14 per hour, and you can be making $17-19 after 3-4 years if you get promoted to an Expert (sales leader) , or get promoted to Genius (technician) or Creative (Trainer). Usually get about a 4% raise every year. But that depends on how you do. And if you can cut through the red tape to get there. -The only metrics they look at are AppleCare attach rate, One to One attach rate, and accessories sold...and they really don't ever have a conversation with you if you're doing poorly (or well, for that matter) -It's a pretty "cushy" job. Products sell themselves. Just come to work, do your job, and you'll be fine.
Apple is a great company, and it was awesome to see how much they care about the customer. Relatively flexible hours. Employees were treated with respect. Company perks. Team oriented - even working from home I didn't feel alone. The training was great, but a little shorter than I would have liked.
Awesome offices, gym, cafe. Workload wasn't overbearing and had a clear understanding what was expected of employees from management.
Save on gas and work from home
Inspiring and working on great products. Responsible for something that has a great impact.
Home-bound, good pay, good schedule
Great benefits, culture, and products
Great employees. The company makes you feel like you are apart of something bigger.
Great products, strong company culture, self development and growth are strongly encouraged, awesome staff, competitive pay, excellent benefits (health care, stock purchase, 401k, etc)
Co-workers were by and large the greatest aspect of working for Apple. They do a great job of hiring awesome, intelligent, hard-working individuals. Also just a great environment if you like helping people but don't mind the occasional tough cookie who is hell-bent on giving you a hard time. Most customers are extremely grateful for your knowledge and help.
Awesome benefits, great people to work with and you can learn a lot of practical skills that will benefit later in career development
The managers are very supportive. All managers are willing to help and all have great tips. Great employee perks.
Benefits, Challenging projects, Great intelligent team
Getting to work with competent people. Manager's really care. Great pay that matches the city's economic status.
Meeting great people. Time goes by fast. Benefits.
Office culture is what you make it since you work from home. There are guidelines but nothing too bad. I love it. I make work how I want and the atmosphere I keep enables me to constantly strive at what I do.
The company has extremely good teamwork and dynamics in the at home position.
Money, Latest Apple Tech, Life Long Friends, Networking, the customers
Excellent benefits! Matching 401k, full health/dental/vision, great stock plan!
Culture is pretty cool, they let you be who you are. Your coworkers are great, there is a lot of training. Benefits are great, pay is so so. High for retail, but low for tech
Made a lot of really good friends.
Good co workers and reasonably laid back atmosphere.
Directly helping others understand and use technology. Strong senses of community amongst peers. Beautiful environment to work in. Your problem solving skills will be improved dramatically.
time off to spend with my husband
Making over 3 million plus bonus in less than 2 years!
I liked the atmosphere and the products. I liked the atmosphere and the products. I liked the atmosphere and the products. I liked the atmosphere and the products.
Great pay, bragging rights, discounts
As an engineer, it feels great to make contributions that have a visible impact on Apple products. People love it or hate it but they never ignore it. Even the negative user comments just show how much they expect from Apple. Engineering is well respected and the thing I like most is that the rest of the engineers are very grounded and like to make impact on a product level. In some other big tech focussed companies, often times, engineers end up building an entire new compiler in order to get done with their project. This seldom happens at Apple and it is a good thing.
Great pay, great hours, atmosphere! i just love waking up in the morning and going to this great job, you'll love it here undoubtedly one of the best jobs out there.
Just working for Apple is a pro, can't get any better
Apple doesn't care if you are two feet tall, green and 300 years old. If you have the right qualifications, experience and attitude, you will likely get the job.
Pay is good. You get trained and certified. And benefits also goes to part timers, except for sick and vacation pay.
Apple has the best brand recognition in the world, and they have the top talent to create great products like Macs and iPhones.
You never stop learning! Mostly everyone is friendly and worthy of looking up to, kind and extend that same learning experience offered to customers. They are encouraging and good teachers!
Fast paced Great Training Work-life balance is good for non-management positions Insurance Stock options Great system with great workflow Great team atmosphere
You do what you love.
Apple is the Acme of Silicon Valley--looks great on resume. Everybody wants to talk to you about Apple, so you get interviews.
Great pay. Work around your class schedule. Work from home. Managers are supportive. Lot of mentorship and development by both direct supervisors and continuous training. They often send gifts boost moral and create a sense of team.
Ability to move around in the company to different roles, can dress casual, lots of employee perks.
Ability to work on some of the best hardware in the world. Ability to work from home occasionally. Excellent commuter benefits. Has a generous sick leave policy. Annual cost of living raises.
Great team, great management, best retail to work for. Awesome perks. Good pay. They will take care of you!
Apple has a great environment to work in. Everybody is friendly and easy to get along with.
Training, Organized, Good Culture (fun environment)
Wide range of projects and departments, nice cafeteria, nice facilities and hardware. Never worry about getting the hardware you need. Some jobs are much easier than others, from what I hear. Prestigious name.
Work with great coworkers here, they keep you coming back. Get some good deals on third party products from time to time, but the employee benefits could be much better. Compensation was decent for a retail job.
Challenging work. Great co-workers Easy to get time off if you plan far enough ahead. There's a real sense of family. Compensation was far at least when I worked there.
You get some perks like iCloud storage and the awesome discounts. Work meetings were always enjoyable, and you get to play with the technology all day.
Getting to work with smart people is great.  Most people are self-starters who are driven to accomplishment and Apple culture reinforces that drive.  In some teams resources are easy to get as long as you provide the product or customer focused justification.
The benefits are great, the products are amazing and the people you work with will be some of the best.
If you're young with no bills sales specialist is a great position to start out with. Part time and full time health benefits. If you're a college student part time and full time employees may be eligible for tuition reimbursement.
Leadership was good, The salary and hours were more than fair. The company values were okay. I would recommend this job to someone else.
The culture and many of the coworkers are great. Pays fair for retail but not enough to really make a solid living at. It is a part time job and won't deliver quite what I'd be looking for in the future (with more flexibility and better pay).
Even if you know nothing, there are chances to advance. You meet some really cool people from all walks of life. Discounts are great, especially around holidays. You're paid more then the average retail place.
Excellent pay and facility.. training, work-life balance
Good pay for stay at home and a very supportive management team.
It's perfect for a high school graduate interested in the tech industry.
Coworkers are amazing. Lots of training opportunities available if you can play the game. Great place to learn fundamental skills about low level IT work and customer service, which you can then take elsewhere. The compensation was more than fair for the job level, and benefits were really good. The health insurance especially was very affordable.
Great people, great place to work. Great benefits. Awesome managers. Lovely people. Love the product. My co-workers are like my second family here. Challenging work, but amazing payoff. Love this company!
Great training, good compensation for what it is, good HR department in the city stores. I learned a lot that I still use today, as a client-facing project manager. A lot of Apple Store alum go on to the tech scene. I worked with a lot of great people.
company has a great reputation
it was a good place
technical freedom, fast-paced, high visibility, employees just love their products and company..
Amazing people all working to achieve extraordinarily high standards of work. Personalities are often larger than life with razor sharp business acumen and commitment to doing great things.
Great company to work for
The culture here is one that focuses on teamwork and self development. I always felt like I was supported by my team members and those that managed me.
The first thing I noticed was that the people I worked with were super nice. Although there are inevitably jerks everywhere, Apple has surprisingly few of them. I also really loved the work/life balance. People at Apple have the time and flexibility to manage their lives outside of work, and it shows through in generally happy and healthy employees.
Apple is one of the world's leading technology companies so it is great to work for a successful company and have job security.
A lot of customer facing experience. If not familiar with customer facing or retail environment, this job is a great way to break in. Most stores run very well. Many little jobs to make the big picture a better thing. Great pay for retail job.
Very good benefits. Good discounts and incentives. Working in a ever changing technology environment can be exciting . Being able to see new and upcoming issues and help to trouble shoot problems is a rewarding experience most of the time. Working with the latest technology is very cool Staff (co workers) are all very smart and for the most part all good people and high knit.
friendly environment and great products
latest technology, training, compensation, company values
The camaraderie is like no where else. Your coworkers are family. Having your only goal be help as many people as possible as efficiently as possible was also great.
Friendly co-workers and customers, great benefits and pay, training is solid and the company makes you feel valued
Nice perks, paid shut down, some folks are great to work with
Good pay, excellent training, work at home, excellent benefits, some growth potential
They really focus on the people, with a great corporate culture and pay structure. Being around the fun products are just a bonus. There is a big emphasis on training and getting to know the product, so that customers are well informed of the benefits, but also an emphasis on getting to know the customer so that they're matched with the right product, regardless of price-point.
work from home, all tools necessary to complete job
Excellent Training Programs and Opportunities to move up. Work with very smart and creative people from very diverse backgrounds. Great benefits such as health care for part time employees, free software, and product discounts. Above average pay compared to usual retail wages. Not commissioned based.
Very strong organizational culture: passion is rooted in everyone. People were very nice and supporting. Really good working atmosphere. Freedom and space for personal growth.
It's Apple. It's awesome! They appreciate creativity and innovation. Apple pays well.
They create an environment that allows you to build great relationships with your coworkers. Amazing benefits and good pay. They also paid for my school after a year.
Great diverse team to work with. Very smart people and a lot of opportunities to contribute to impactful projects
People and products are amazing!
Benefits, campus, feeling of prestige
If you enjoy Apple products and showing people how to use them this job is for you. I worked at the Apple store at the Royal Hawaiian location. Its fun meeting tourist from all over the world. The Staff and co-workers were top notch. Management and co-workers were always there to help out if the store became overwhelm during peak hours of the night.
good benefits  corporate discounts Stock Purchase plan
Diverse Company Culture. Great management. Teamwork.
Very good place to learn about customer service and how to work as a team. Future employers appreciate how well Apple has trained employees in working with customers in difficult situations. Opportunity to grow. Very friendly environment.
Great people. Amazingly effective organization.
Having Apple on your resume opens doors in many different fields. Prospective employers are always impressed and if you leave on good terms your manager will most likely give you a great reference! Also, their benefits are hands-down amazing for full and part time employees.
Culture. Benefits. Advancement opportunities. Training.
Well managed, clear goals, good people
You get to work with some of the most creative and influential people. Benefits are excellent for retail, as well as some awesome work perks
Great company, exciting product launches, LOVE all products!! Great relationships formed with Apple aficionados!
If you are in one of the better groups at Apple you will learn and do more than you dreamed of. New technologies, new skills, it's all part of the work day here.
Awesome co-workers and managers, paid training, amazing employee benefits (discounts on Apple Products). Pay is decent. You get to work from home. They are flexible with school schedules in the college program, and will schedule you around your classes. They do contests around Christmas and holidays and give away lots of free stuff. Lots of opportunities to contribute to the program in a meaningful way.
Excellent ppl to work with. Great customer service training.
Pretty cool job plenty of great coworkers
Great pay, benefits, working environment.
Incredible health insurance, the best that I've ever found. Amazing discounts on all sorts of products, services, car repairs, hotels, etc. Being on the cusp of advancement in the technology industry. Great personalities in coworkers, family-like environment where everyone sticks together and looks out for one another. Management that really looks out for the employee, tries to remain fair and balanced. Respect from the public for working for the brand. Fair balance of breaks and lunch time to break up the monotony.
I've seen some bad reviews on Glassdoor about working at IS&T at Apple, and I feel compelled to share my experience there because I think it was actually pretty great. Some aspects of corporate culture that I see shared by most (if not all) areas in apple:    1) A standard of excellence, which can be extremely satisfying for perfectionists. At other companies that I have worked, there tends to be a mentality that as soon as something is 'good enough' it is pushed into QA or production. At Apple, things don't move forward until they are excellent.    2) Passion for work. I've never been at a large company where employees are genuinely this passionate about their work. You won't encounter any of the apathy that you often find in large corporations.    3) Cool problems. Numbers 1) and 2) are arguably made possible on a widespread level within the company because the problems that engineers are working to solve can be extremely interesting. Additionally, solutions almost always have a large footprint of impact due to the number of people who interact with Apple products on a day-to-day basis. You won't find yourself doing anything remedial.  So now the question becomes- how are things different in IS&T from other parts of the company? The answer is that it doesn't really. If anything, the impact of what you are working on is larger than in some other areas because a lot of what IS&T does is the foundation that makes consumer facing products possible to run on. There are entire companies out there that *only* make a one of the products that a given team in IS&T produces, and there is a good chance that IS&T is doing a better job of it. While all the teams in IS&T are different, I think that these general principles are true for all of them.
Great people, great products. Rewarding most of the time. Management is respectful and responsive. Very little micro-managing.
Excellent training, benefits, perks and culture. As a hard worker I had multiple opportunities for advancement which was great. Plus, the products are incredible and the attention to detail in every facet of the business is impeccable.
* Believe in the mission. Everyone is focused on delivering the best product to Apple's users. * Very collaborative * Great perks * Cafe Macs has amazing food * Every well financially compensated * Social responsible company
Amazing company and great team members. Can't say enough good things about this company. Everything from the equipment it makes to the service it offers employees
They will occasionally buy lunch for us and take us to team-building off-sites. I learned a lot of skills here.
Tons of product discounts. Generally flexible on hours, especially students although one weekend day was expected yet maybe not always scheduled. Casual and paid for (at least your blue shirt) attire. Excellent health benefits.
Empowering environment, Cool Technology, Exciting Product Launches, Meaningful Customer Interactions.
Great place to work with awesome benefits and a healthy culture
You get to work with fun, creative people, and dealing with customers is fairly easy. Laid back environment, and friendly supervisors. You also get to learn a lot about the company and the products. You may not know how to build your own iPhone in 6 six months, but you'll know how to turn one inside-out, or at least know what to do if your phone or iPad starts acting up.
The company cares very much for their products and works tirelessly to make sure that they are built to perfection.
Have chance to manage operations from development builds to ramp to mass production for high volume cool new products. Challenging work but get a lot opportunities to gain experience in Operations management and Supply Chain management. Get chance to work with a group of smart people and learn from them.
I enjoyed the work environment
Training, management and leadership were strong. Enjoyable workplace.
Very good culture, and environment smart people, you can grow and learn a lot
Work culture, employee discounts and partner programs, quality of home/work balance, competitive benefits packages.
Apple has continues learning and growth opportunities for it's internal employees. Promotions are self driven. Leadership believes in everyone and is open to feedback and acts on it.
Supportive positive atmosphere, great management, excellent discount options, and there are multiple departments that you can advance to within 1-2 years if not sooner. And you have the pride of working for an amazing company!
Easy to work, Great development.
Working at a Apple store provides many benefits. Good health, dental, and vision insurance for a low cost. Pay is somewhat decent.
A distinctly fast paced and challenging environment where it is beneficial to begin to foster and nurture business relationships with clientele on a personal level. I find it very easy to talk to people and want to get to know them as people, not just as customers. The camaraderie that people develop with their customers, both internal and external is incredible.
Fast paced environment, friendly, develop good behaviors for a small team of employees, a face of the department.
Amazing culture and the pay is great for retail. There are so many stores so it makes it easy to move around and try new things.
They provide incredible benefits to all their employees even the part timers. All around everyone is really interesting and great to work with.
Fun, busy environment. Learn a lot.
Working at home. Salary is below industry standard but the advantage of not having to travel for work compensates for that. Excellent benefits package.
Awesome work environment. Large work force with interesting people and personalities. Tons of interesting projects going on and everybody very very busy. Sometimes too busy, but it beats being bored. You will not have time to be bored here. Great hardware and software. I was not much of a Mac user before, but after working for Apple for 1 month I will never again use a PC unless out of necessity. Apple has thousands of employees getting things done, and no Windows, no Powerpoint, nowhere. Mac Book Pro with extra 27" Thunderbolt Display is standard issue. Plus, you get to log in at work with your own personal iTunes account, which means you get to download free Apple software via the App Store, and you own it. Not to mention there are ways of getting completely free Apple products within the company. I got 2 iPhones and an iPad in my first month, but you need to know people to get hooked up with those, and you better never get caught with them on ebay.
Apple Retail has some really great people, good benefits and for the most part, a fun environment.
Compensation, benefits, flexible schedules. The culture of the company is outstanding, you are inspired to be the best you can be, and there is growth opportunity. Management drives for high performance, but in a positive way that eliminates unnecessary pressure and encourages collaboration and helping peers. Your colleagues are smart and fun, there is great camaraderie and healthy competition between coworkers. You will master people skills in a short amount of time.
Great people and benefit package
Benefits are great all the way around...from commuting, personal purchases, stock and health insurance. Apple really believes in helping you reach your goals and encourages professional development. Exciting, positive environment to work!
Awesome benefits, good people, smart people
products, people, environment, and cause
Love it, great benefits, great working environment.
Great benefits and good people
Fun job, great culture, great pay for retail.
You get to help those who do not know anything about computers. it is a very enthrilling job and I loved every minute of it. I would have loved to keep the job, but I couldn't with all my personal events.
I hold a job within another profession and got a job as a red zone specialist. The management team was understanding and work with me around scheduling hours. They is also a lot of opportunity to increase your knowledge and advice within the company.
I was a Specialist on the Sales Floor of a very busy and tiny Apple Store. Learning curve was tremendous and challenging and completely outrageously fun. I was being paid to know every wonderful thing about Apple products and services and to share my enthusiasm with interested consumers. Perks were few and far between but appreciated nonetheless. No promotion sought, was a part-timer. Compensation, pretty low.
You work with some of the most creative people ever. Major job security. An environment where you can grow if you play your cards right (can also be a con though).
Fun environment. Love and stand behind products.
Great medical and dental benefits. 401k match. Employee discount is good. Company culture is great. Fun place to work most of the time.
It wonderful to work from home and work 4 days a week at 10 hours so you get 3 days off a week.
Nice campus. Good perks. Plentiful discounts. Free concerts.
Apple provides you with the opportunity to not only grow as a professional, but also as an individual. I didn't have the opportunity like others did coming up, but Apple has given me multiple opportunities to develop into who I'm becoming.
benefits, training, people, promotions, stock
I was there 8 years with 5 being in sales and it was a firm I was always proud to represent. The resources are there to allow you to "do the right thing" if there are product related issues. Generally, mgmt is supportive of efforts that support the customer
Working for a great company, with theoretical room for advancement. It is fun to always be on the cutting edge of technology.
I have been promoted six times in two years and gotten a performance raise, also, so advancement here is amazing. The benefits are incredible and affordable, and there is a ton of vacation for the job type. They expect a lot but the give a ton in return.
Metrics based and goal driven grading options to work from home good location cafeteria gym transportation or shuttles
Great benefits, super even! Management is always looking for ways to help you to improve and that works for you in the long run.
The pay is great, the benefits are great, they treat their employees like gold.
The managers are positive and always watching you to help if need be. The team I worked with were the hardest working group of people I have ever come across. Pretty much every one covers your back for help with something you don't know or if you get into a difficult situation with an irrate customer....and there are plenty of those.
Great culture and people. Amazing benefits and unique opportunities to work worldwide. The personal development is incredible. High energy and fast paced.
Good pay for retail, OK discounts.
Working with a great product.
Loved my team, managers and overall job exp. Great company to work for when the rest of the tech industry is flat.
Great work ethic and culture
Good benefits. Work at home.
For a retail position, compensation and benefits were solid. Lots of good training and many opportunities for temporary assignments around the company. Apple goes out of their way to seek out talented individuals who are interesting, engaging and usually fun to work with. Products speak for themselves.
- Work from home. - Paid time off. - Free Apple software (All products). - Discounts on Apple Hardware. - Discounts on associated companies' products. - Discounts on Apple Certification tests and learning resources. - Full health insurance, workers comp, etc. - Paid sick time for doctor's appointments. - Stock Options. - 401K plan contributions. - Looks good on a Resumé. - Technical skills not needed.
The people. The energy. Great management team. When I was in the college based team... you really felt the culture and the hunger from all of the advisors.
Great benefits and a wonderful culture
The pay is AMAZING. I'm a senior in college and even without my degree, I'm making more than my friends that have graduated make with office jobs. You'll get what you put in.Everyone you work with is valuable and talented so expect to be challenged all the time.
At Apple, there is a saying: "Its soul is its people." I'd agree. While at Apple I had the opportunity to work with some of the most creative, brilliant, and outgoing individuals that a retail environment can offer.  The really is a an Apple culture can be defined as individualistic. At Apple they want your own creativity, and individualism to be your strength. They capitalize on quirkiness, friendliness, and exuberance.
Low key environment compared to other electronic retail companies
Great, easy going environment The job is super easy if you're passionate about good computers
My coworkers are amazing. Relaxed environment.
Compensation, benefits and discounts as well as the company culture.
It's a good thing to have on a resume, discounted products are nice, cafeteria has good food and if you are a good communicator it can be a place to move up the ladder
Excellent benefits, strong attention to hiring quality talent.
Team work and inspirational, an opportunity everyone with a passion for technology andinnovation, should consider.
Apple has quite a diverse workforce that consists of passionate and hard working people. They are great when it comes to talent acquisition (the way management handles that talent is another story). Their network of shuttles make it very easy to commute, and their facilities are top notch. Cafeteria food may not be free, but the quality and selection is amazing.
Apple makes the best products, and I've been here a long time and watched this company almost fade away and come back to be the powerhouse that it is.
Great opportunities for growth and promotion. Learn VERY valuable professional and life skills applicable in any environment. Apple looks amazing on any resume and helps you be confident in many other positions.
wonderful team atmosphere and staff.
Great benefits, amazing opportunies.
great benefits, discounts and peer relationships.
The benefits were great, i could have used more credit for commuting and the employee discounts are pretty light.
This company was a fun place to work and really get a feel for what a tech support role feels like. Apple really does seem to care about their employees as well as their customers.
- Pays well for retail. - Stock options! - Decent benefits. - Killer discounts. - Awesome people. - Corporate sends out surveys and actually listens to concerns. - Nice to have on your resume.
You're given a lot of autonomy and responsibility
The job has lots of pros. Some of those include perks that are technology based. Such as discounts on cell phone plans, and discounts on Apple technology.
Apple only hires the best of the best. I felt like I was working on an amazing team with brilliant minds. The opportunity for advancement is there if you just push yourself. Discounts are amazing 500$ off a mac every few years on top of that an additional 25%. The company also stands by their customers and really do care. Becoming Genius also means a three week stay in Cupertino which is an amazing experience in itself.
Ther pros were that everyone in the store got along and it is a great work enviroment
Work on the best products in the world. Incredibly strong culture, and great leadership. Tons of bright people around, and morale is very, very high.
The company speaks for itself. A true leader in products, customer service and support. I haven't worked for a better company in that respect.
Great people, 401k, salary ok for retail
good enviroment, the people are great.
The job provided a vast array of experiences, from low level office setups to high level IT briefings. This environment is one that rewards people who can adapt to change quicker then most. The position allows you to develop enough B2B sales experience to take elsewhere which is a huge plus.
Apple invests thousands of dollars in the development of their staff, and puts strong focus on the personal experience of each and every employee.
Awesome team of people overall. The culture is a very positive one. Good base pay with opportunity to advance within your store.
Inspiring to be here, love what we stand for
Challenging teams, challenging tasks, highly rewarding results of what we do
Great friends and family built with co-workers and management.
Work Life Balance Pay (assume you get good RSU package) Salads - $4 No BS interview questions, more applied Very Hands on
Apple is very fast-paced enjoyable place to work. Great benefits, managers who care, and team members that will go out of their way to help out. The benefits are fantastic! Lenient time-off policies to ensure you get the rest you need.
Great people. Great products. Really the best place to work in retail.
Working from home is great! No commute, and little downtime  The perks, discounts, and benefits are amazing!
Excellent products, reasonably nice discount, generally good quality employees, updated attendance policy not so strict on occasional late-in.
• Great Benefits • Get to work with some of the greatest minds in the industry • Work with purpose • Unveil new technology and educate customers on how it can improve their lives
Moderate potential for salary growth in sales division. Excellence is expected in everything you do from customer interactions to reporting to program management.
Coworks, flexibility in swapping schedules, theres not much to be happy about at this time.
Fantastic place to work. Fun Friendly Community
People focused, innovative, exciting and cutting edge. Company values and culture are exactly what you would expect from Apple Computer. Great pay and wonderful benefits.
fun as can be to work at
- Employee Development - Great benefits - Great team atmosphere
Fun and fast paced envirnmenont, good discount, ability to grow if you work hard.
You get an Apple product discount, healthcare, dental, and vision.
The training you get at Apple is amazing.. The being it's even for part time is worth working there.
Good employee benefits, incredible health insurance, commitment to work/life balance, ability to master multitasking, creating new customer journeys
Work life balance is great, benefits are awesome. You build a family
Lots of responsibilities, insight in to how the biggest technology company works, great brand recognition.
Many opportunities to learn from an amazingly talented group of people.
You learn a HELL of a lot about customer service, you get some great perks, the store meetings are fun and you work with a great group of people.
Great atmosphere to work in
--Very detailed training, gives an opportunity to learn a lot of tips and tricks for personal use as well --Part time, working from home--10 step walk from desk to kitchen for lunch --Excellent benefits
The co-workers you work with are the most talented and amazing people you will ever meet in your life. There are good benefit but they do depend on whether you work full time or part-time since you get better benefits when your full time. The pay is better than your average retail job.
Even as a PT employee, you are still offered benefits and 401K. Although i didn't require these benefits, i appreciated the fact that they were available to me. I did take advantage or the 401K plan and matching. Also, the schedule flexibility was very important to me
Among all the big companies, Apple is moving relatively fast and decisively. Good pay comparing to industry standard.
Great pay discounts and benefits, great culture, great opportunities for advancement.
The benefits at Apple are fantastic, and the pay is decent for the positions.
The co-workers you work with are the most talented and amazing people you will ever meet in your life. There are good benefit but they do depend on whether you work full time or part-time since you get better benefits when your full time. The pay is better than your average retail job.
You work from home and get paid better than most college jobs. Manager is really flexible.
Great team atmosphere. I really enjoy being able to teach what I want to teach and get paid as much as a teacher with better benefits and better home life.
There you worked hard and Apple management made sure you played hard too.
Great benefits, relaxed yet hardworking culture, health services on site, gym on site, amazing cafeteria, events to show appreciation to employees, amazing new office being built.
-Amazing benefits packages that are even offered to part time employees -Very good wages -Friendly coworkers -Lots of room for professional development and growth -Education is encouraged
Good salary, good working environment
They finally realized that Business Team members need to work Monday-Friday. Great chance to work with local and big businesses. Also the ability to work on the floor with sales and help technicians work with business customers. You have the ability to gain a lot of skills in developing others, leading a team and driving personal goals.
This review goes for the retail side, but the people at the stores are what make the place unique. With such an eclectic and talented group of people, this place is never a dull moment. It is also good to know that the members of your team have your back.  Time allotted for personal growth and training is also something management tries to make a priority for team members. Time before each shift is given for personal development and in addition, group training sessions are offered 2-3 times per quarter...not bad.
Most of the smartest co-workers I've ever worked with I met at Apple. Everybody is extremely driven and has ambitious goals, and the environment will increase most people's drive and make them more ambitious. Compensation is good. Opportunities to get promoted to leadership positions abound. In my experience, there was very little useless process, though product groups are rumored to be very rigid.
People, training, teamwork, knowledge base, work/life balance, benefits, pay level
If getting hours is what you want, this is the place to work. If you aren't scheduled you can always find someone who wants time off. Benefits are ok, especially the employee stock purchase program. Co-workers are interesting, talented, skilled individuals with vast interests outside of work. They are quality people to meet and befriend. You get personal and family/friend discounts on the products. No one works on commission so it creates a better team environment when trying to help a customer. You must enjoy interacting with people from all walks of life to do this job. Shirts are provided and no other uniform requirements. It's a decent place to work short term.
They really do offer areas to grow... Providing you're committing your whole life to the job. The coworkers at my own level really are fantastic and amazing people to work with.
Looks great on resume when you leave, company fosters growth, allows employees to take the reins on their development. Awesome.
Great people to work with, great products, total comp better than anywhere I've worked in similar work.
Great benefits. Fantastic company discounts.
it's Apple! A center for all that's cool and good in tech. it's not just about ideas, but about thought, not can we do a thing, but should we do a thing.
bleeding edge innovation! highly driven / motivated individuals recognition via rewards (promos, raises) great benefits
Great Team. Hourly Wage is pretty good.
Excellent pay, benefits, discounts and best coworkers ever!! Best company I've ever worked for period.
Good pay for an easy job, great benefits - insurance, 401K, stock plan, great discounts, generous time off
There are many great reasons to work for this company. The benefits are fantastic and the pay is very competitive.
good healthcare (albeit expensive and goes up every year just enough to consume any raise you might have received), 401k, paid time off structure is average/decent (i.e. two weeks paid vacation per year, some paid holidays)
The people, the benefits, and the knowledge gained.
Benefits are great (health). Other benefits could be better. Management works with you.
Smart people, fun and interesting projects.
Great benefits. Cool coworkers. pay is good for a retail job.
Opportunities and a great environment to work especially as a new or first job. Pay is amazing for retail!
smart and supportive co workers and management that cares, Great benefits, part time health care, discounts and free soft ware.
Great company and people, they value their employees as people, very rare.
It is a high performance work environment that is consistently challenging and rewarding.
Work from home, great benefits, good pay
Apple provides fantastic benefits for retail employees. Although you're getting retail pay, you'll get good perks. I had some of the best managers of my life in Apple Retail.
The culture is, as advertised, unique. This can be a pro for quite a few people. The company sponsors monthly beer bashes to encourage communication between different groups within the company, although sometimes they are too large to accomplish this. Plenty of resources are made readily available to each employee if they want to develop themselves.
Amazing products, passionate people, good food
The People.  So many amazing, smart, talented, passionate people. If you leave the company, you will dream about working with a similar-calibre team again, and you will realize that it may not happen. Treasure it while you're there.
Coworkers are like your family, learn a lot about the products, great company culture, diverse group of employees,
The best reason to work for apple is the people you actually get to work with on a day to day routine.
The People. The most detailed company I've ever worked for!
Learn a lot about about Apple company and the technology industry w/ good pay.
My co-workers made the job worthwhile.
Great for students. Great coworkers. Laid back dress code. Good benefits.
Fantastic coworkers. Apple typically hires fairly interesting and well rounded people. It is a fun environment where you can make great connections. You gain a wealth of knowledge and skills that make you valuable to other employers.
Fun place to work, good benefits, opportunities for advancement.
Great atmosphere and great people.
Apple is a company that thrives on smiles. This makes for an extremely encouraging environment in which employees support each other and the customers love being in the Apple store. Long story short, the staff is like a big family encouraging each other to succeed and thrive.
Apple retail had great benefits for their employees from perks to policy.
Good people. Really honest company.
Great place to work out. Apple Inc offers a fair work environment and everyone works cohesively.
Friendly environment Never ending learning Amazing products Great leadership Great Team Work Open minded atmosphere Personal Growth Good Compensation
Working at Apple is a great experience as it is one of the iconic companies of this era. It is a very cool place to work with many of the perks that Silicon Valley is known for. People are friendly and helpful and there is a real passion for the kind of products that makes Apple what it is today.
You get to act Happy all the Time !
Working from home in my PJ's, no commute except down my hallway, can take a nap on lunch. Great pay no exceptional pay. Consistent pay promotions at least once a year if you work hard. The best benefits Ive ever had and stock options and 401K
Amazing coworkers, some of the most incredible people I've met and had the great fortune to work with. Very interesting customers. The good ones definitely outweigh the bad ones. Great benefits, good pay for a retail job. Good discounts.
great benefits and developmental experience
Great benefits and perks for working at home best is working from home.
Great pay and intentional community building
Co-workers are nice, helping customer is nice, they sell a great product
Apple is still the foremost case study in dedication to product and customers. While base salary and bonus are market-level, stock benefits are top of market.
Discounts on products and partners products & services Core group of peers became friends Believed in the brand/ company
Work from Home Great benefits Save money Flexible if you have kids and need to work from home
Benefits are amazing and there are lots of opportunity to move around or up. On site buildings are amazing but there is also an opportunity to work from home!
Team environment. Everyone, no matter what level helps out with customers. Management is very employee friendly.
Great Benefits and Flexible Scheduling
Stock options are the best
Good Pay, Great co-workers, fun atmosphere
- Great Work Culture, Chill environment, Stores are very clean and nice to work in, Selling products that I use and love - Great Pay (Starting was $13.55 an hour in FL) - Great Benefits (6% 401k match, amazing product discounts, health insurance was top of the line) - Great job for straight out of college/younger people - Many opportunities to train in a different job - 95% of the employees are great people, amazing backgrounds - Never felt like I was micromanaged - Lots of breaks
great benifits and competative pay
Work from home, very good benefits. Steady position and bonuses.
Excellent people, culture, and pay
I work with the most talented individuals. There is always something new to learn. Good benefits. Good for a part time job.
I go to work in my pjs. The benefits are awesome. Great structure to learn new skills and advance. If you work hard you can go far.
Work from the comfort of your own home. You're treated fairly and given many opportunities for working your way up the ladder within the corporation.
Great people, good work-life balance, good benefits and stock options.
Excellent training, highly rewarding and fast paced. Many perks such as holiday bonus gifts and paid time off.
It's not what I expected a retail job to be like. It's very fun and very challenging. They tell you that you're there to connect with people, not just sell stuff or fix stuff, and I thought that it was just a lot of motivational fluff. It turned out that they were telling the absolute truth, at least in the beginning. Management was very supportive of me during some hard times, and that was something that, for the most part, remained constant.
Work with some very smart people, lots of great perks
Culture is fun and laid back. Pay is great! Very talented and creative co-workers
The information you learn about the products is second to none. The core competencies, technology used in the work place, and communication of real time reports is all high level. We use iPads to conduct downloads with real time information around sales and performance. We use our iPhone 5 as a basis to order, ring, and collect payment for all products in the store. We take quarterly NPP (Net Promoter People) surveys to make upper management aware of our happiness within the company. We have quarterly reviews with mentor managers to identify areas of improvement and work on peer relations. We have the most amazing 3rd party products that work with our hero products.
-Very flexible with shifts. You can work days off and days on (as long as you can switch with someone). - It's a very laid back job, as long as you do your job, there really isn't anything to worry about.
One of the best companies in the world. Retail focuses on the people who uses the products rather than the technology. Very unique staggie.
You'll never find a better group of individuals to work alongside. I believe it is the actual employees at apple that you work with and of course the benefits that make it a great place to work.
Fast-paced work place, great co-workers, exciting projects.
You learn a lot in a short period of time, learn to multitask, learn to work as a team.
The insurance is the best I ever had. I have no copay. I only pay my $20 (regular doc.) or $30 (specialist) deductible and everything else is covered 100%. I had a baby and I only paid $20, total. I had another surgery which cost $35000 and it only cost me $30, total. The pay for the amount of work is not good. Read below.
The benefits (healthcare, discounts, etc) are sweet, and the people are amazing.
Full Benefits, flexible hours, a team that's focused on development.
Apple cares about a team atmosphere and gives me the resources to connect with my employees.
Great work culture, awesome perks and benefits.
The people you work with is by far the best part of the job. I've made a handful of life-long friends from my year and a half of working here. Also, working with Apple products all day is pretty sweet
Awesome benefits, even as part-time: discounts, great health insurance, matching 401k, discounted stock plan. Learn a lot about the products while meeting some very interesting people. Great for networking, especially in the Tech Industry. Looks impressive on a resume, nearby start-ups and tech companies value Apple's reputation.
Benefits are great for retail. Company values are ideals - management attempts to fulfill those value to their best abilities. Turn over is high.
The people that work at apple retail are all very talented individuals the company has provided me tons of tools to use in my career and my lifestyle.
Being part of big Apple
Good pay, health insurance, and stock has grown providing additional benefits.
Employee discount and employee stock purchase program...
Good environment. I've been working at Apple for 3 years and I love the company and the products. Great benefits with matching 401K, school reimbursement, life insurance, etc. Great culture!
Good pay and benefits awesome culture
Working for the "coolest" company on the planet.
Its a great place to work at
Employee stock purchase plan, healthcare, product discounts, efficiency, using all Apple technology, working with a great team
The people are great, the products are fun, and the launches are exciting... This is an incredible job to work in if you are lucky enough to have a great manager, and have outside opportunities for income to subsidize your salary.
Great learning experience and great while going to school.
Good culture. Decent discount on products. Great people. Thorough training program.
The training is amazing. Outstanding people work in the team over all. The way that team work is exemplified really raised the bar on my expectations in other retail/sales based positions. I loved my time with customers and my time in the company... in the areas of team relationships and customer relations.
Great people to work with and that makes for a great atmosphere. Plus, you get to play with the coolest toys and it's called work.
It's a job. The pay is high for the type of demeaning work involved. Good benefits.
Good pay, great perks (cafeteria, shuttles, gym, discounts, etc.), thorough training, and the opportunity to work for a world-class brand.
The products and the people.
It's Apple, biggest company in the entire world. You get to help Apple customers resolve issues with their devices. You'll get a lot of training, and learn more information than you thought was available. Excellent medical benefits.
-Employees can adjust their schedules to fit around school -Free Apple gear, shirts, sweaters, Apple Software -Meet a lot of great people -Many internal job opportunities to move up into the company, i.e. management, Cupertino Jobs - Many learning opportunities
Apple is a great company to work for. There are endless resources you can throw at any problem and they are very focused on professional development. Whether Apple is the end goal or a stepping stone, they will support you as long as you deliver your best foot forward.
Great experience. Excellent customer service training and conflict resolution training.
A fair amount of nice, smart retail colleagues
Amazing colleagues and talented people. Not a bad place to brain storm possibilities. Tim Cook is a great individual and that is a major plus.
Great work balance and love my job
Work life balance and ESPP, life lasting friendships and a chance to meet all kinds of people
Decent pay, get to know the ins and outs of products you probably use. A job that can be mentally challenging and also emotionally fulfilling. If you work at a corporate run office good benefits and work environment.
Bright and unique peers, which would allow a great work environment if management had a clue.
people, culture, values, teamwork, staff, customers, work life balance, room to advance
love the atmosphere... they made it very easy to work there
Company takes very well care of its employees. Fast paced, fun, meeting great people and room for advancement
Being part of one of the best innovative company in the world
Fast pace, ever-changing processes, technology, culture.
training, home office, hardware provided
Great team, great company, great cafe
Working on top technology with extremely hard working and smart people.
Great coworkers (at least while I was there), very useful discount and decent pay (for retail).
Excellent benefits, stock purchase plan. Fun environment.
training, work-life balance, great benefits, relaxed work environment, great pay
Able to set your own schedule Great benefits, tuition reimbursement, product discounts, health insurance Friendly people everywhere
Apple has really good benefits for their employees and pays well for a retail job.
It is very professional and a great company to work for.
insurance is great, public transportation is free in your city paid by company, easy job for college students, flexible for school/univeristy.
Great culture, very flexible with hours, diverse coworkers, learning opportunities are everywhere
It's completely remote, working from home. Incredibly technically easy work. Very feel-good training.
My teammates (this does NOT include management) are the best. Benefits, stock options, and discounts are also nice. The occasional gracious customer is also refreshing (there just aren't enough of them to make it worth it).
Smart people to work with. Awesome product. Good work environment. Great training and access to further training if you want. Certifications are an awesome addition to your resume.
Great company to work for.
Many opportunities to be creative
Cool products. Great atmosphere. Excellent co workers. Great benefits. Great discounts and fun product training. High energy environment. Good job to learn how to handle high customer volume.
awesome colleagues - it is the only reason why I am still working there for the time being.
Many really great people to work with. Cafeteria is really excellent (and got better over the years). Frequent Beer bashes, and other events. Many opportunities for different roles at various times (though with fierce competition). Great benefits. The medical/vision/dental plan is really good, more sick/vacation than many places, 401k was good, the stock purchase plan was great, and the plans for buying Apple things offered great deals. Interesting and challenging work. I was very self directed, management was really there to advise rather than direct, and good ideas/soutions are respected and rewarded. Exciting to be a part of something that was growing and influencing the industry. While it is a big company it doesn't have an oppressive corporate feel in most departments.
Greatest products for productivity and managing life activities, personal devices, music, and business software tools. Their employee discounts allowed me to purchase a laptop that took my Web and graphic design to a new level.
Fresh fruit, no tree burring, simple math
The staff and team at Apple stores are incredibly talented, and always supportive of each other. You get to work with amazing products every day. They also offer a lot of opportunities for employees to get training towards roles/positions they're interested in.
Awesome products, awesome Credo, Can enrich lives
Good benefits and good people. Stress-free job with nothing to come home to.
If you dive into the work at Apple you can expect to be rewarded handsomely with life long skills that are transferable to anything you may want to do. The amount of focus on personal development with both soft and hard skills makes working for the company like being in a major league farm system that will eventually get you recognition to move into almost any field of your choice.
-Amazing health benefits -Legit swag -Modern offices -Some smart people -Iconic legacy
There is a culture of innovation and design at Apple that is very invigorating. For a large company, things move really quickly and ideas are taken seriously.
I work from home in almost any attire I want, I have responsibilities but they are very reasonable and I'm not on a script when on a call. They pay me fantastically, my manager is a very easy going, easy to get along with kind of guy. There are also a lot of opportunities to move up or around.
Apple is an amazing company to work for. You get to handle the latest technology on a daily basis while working on an incredible team and customer basis. The benefits that Apple provides and the employee discounts make it super easy for employees to have the latest Apple goodies.
Flexible hours, good pay, friendly environment
The pay, benefits and discounts were great. I got to work with some smart and amazing people.
Health insurance is the best. Really. No other company has better insurance. Even doctors tell me I have better insurance then they do. Stock options are great. The people are fun to work with and you learn a lot.
Great company and benefits. Management is open to conversations regarding the job, and performance.
Energetic environment and very relaxed people to work with
Good experience, great products, good focus
The people I work with are fun and greatly supportive. The technology is great. There's no boredom at all, even without customers there is always something to do and or learn.
Learning about other Apple products besides their hardware. Understanding how their software works well with their hardware. Great place to meet various people with great passion.
The best reason is that you can repair the phone and learn how to fix the phone when something happen to it.
No pros at all, I'm not even going to waste my time saying anything good about this overly-rated abomination of a company.
Work with new technology, never boring! Always on your toes thinking fast.
Great pay, great benefits and a fun place to work. A place where you can take your idea's and grow. Apple makes the best products and has the best customer service and support. You will never be bored with your job, since there is always something to learn.
Awesome hours, coworkers, and management. I worked for the college program so I believe we got paid a little less than the full time employees but it was still nice. It was an at home position, so it was very convenient not having to deal with traffic every morning.
Good people, fun to be around the latest tech stuff. When you get on full-time, the benefits are pretty killer, and usually the scheduling is pretty accommodating if you need a sudden day off but don't want to burn a vacation day or sick day.
great work environment and job opportunity
Becoming a technological genius, leadership skills, communication development, and community of like minded employees.
They are always on top of everything! If a customer comes in and if they are not happy with their iPhone,iPad etc...They Fix it right then and there!
Great people and environment. Part-time benefits alone make it worth working for Apple. Everyone I work with is supportive and intelligent. Apple encourages personal development and gives you the tools you need to grow and learn.
Culture, co workers, and benefits. The people you work with are fantastic and really become a great circle of friends.
Discounts, benefits, training, good reputation, products
compensations, learning new skills, company values
Great co-workers goal oriented peers friendly competition & mentoring
Producing work that will touch so many people in this world. Decisions have such a monumental influence. Large stake poker. Who needs soap opera to see drama.
The best people you'll every work with in retail and elsewhere.
Where do I start?!?!?! They have a good 401K plus have medical, dental, vision for even part timers. They reimburse you for certain expenses which is great. And if course the Discounts!!!! They company really takes care of their employees do they can give it their all.
Apple offers crazy benefits, and competitive salary. By competitive I don't mean a couple grand more in a year, I'm talking about a 2X / 2.5X salary. This place is a sea of knowledge. Never seen a more dedicated group.
Great work environment in regard to co-workers
Great work environment, fast paced/exciting. Flexible hours, interesting customers. Great discounts on cool stuff.
Great opportunities in retail based on where you start. If you put the effort in, you will get several opportunities to grow and develop. Chances to experience stores in other areas, experiences to try out other positions to see if you would enjoy it. Grew values that I can use in my profession that I went to school for.
The coolest company in the world. Simple.
You love most of your coworkers. Apple makes a point to hire interesting people and the training is honestly incredible. It results in my coworkers supporting me in ways that I've never known before. I know this job will look great on a resume once I get genius, which is why I've stayed as long as I have. Health care is amazing. They pay for your metro card.
Good pay for retail, fairly interesting, good discounts and bonuses (401k / stock/ health care)
The brand name adds value on your resume
Good mix between work, and family. It had a positive feeling and didn't feel like work at all.
Great people, Great Benefits, Always Challenging in a good way
Livable Wages Great Benefits Development for career
Safety. Great salaries. Great people.
It is a decent job if you are in college and need to work around a class schedule.
Very clean, interesting to be a part of one of the top grossing current tech companies in the world, hours are very simple and it's easy to leave when your actually supposed to leave at the end of your shift as most customers and staff understand retail hour policies.
Great company to work for! Enjoyed the benefits of not being in an office and talking to customers!
Pay, Experience, Ability to move up
Best company to work for. Very great management. Everyone at Apple Gets a really great discount. %25 + ($500 every 3 years). Everyone support each other as family. Managers always treat us to great food. This company cares about you. Very good benefit. Free fitness and health plans, free bus pass year round. Pays very well and get promoted very fast. Once you worked at Apple, you can work at any Apple Store in the World!
Really smart and interesting people work there. Great life skill lessons and a fun, engaging environment
Environment, products, basically everything except for the hourly rate.
Great people to work with, get to meet a ton of new people every day
Great focus on team building and opportunities to try different roles.
Amazing coworkers, several opportunities for growth, constant feedback and support from upper management, very good benefits and salary.
Taking good care of you. Good pay for a retail store. Meet a lot of interesting people.
Work balance is good Amazing Benefits Work at Home Constantly trained and up to date on latest software, technologies, and services. Good Upward mobility Networking is great. Discount + Perks Great resume builder/entry level position in tech/computer industry Management is friendly
Amazing job with amazing compensation, opportunities that are not normally available outside of this company are plentiful inside and the form of management and business being done is unparalleled in todays's retail world. I have worked the retail side for 5 years and can honestly say I have never loved a job so much.
Great Pay for a retailer and opportunity to gain corporate experiences.
Apple is a great place to work with amazing benefits.
Environment fosters learning and independent thinking.
I loved the friends I made I made. To this day we still keep in touch and they are like family. Apple retail is really like no other retail stores. I have worked at other retail stores, but Apple has an amazing strategy for customer service. If and when you get full time, your possibilities are endless, you can move up within the company, you can travel to new ones across the world.
Amazing culture. Working with some of the most creative and intelligent people on the planet. Great development as an employee, you're heard and trusted. 401k match, amazing health, dental, vision, and product discounts. Benefits are almost endless.
Apple makes you feel good about yourself when you're hired. The energy is amazing at first, and it's very easy to have your breath simply taken away by the magic of it all. We Apple long-timers call this "drinking the kool-aid." You get pretty good discounts for yourself (once a year) on merchandise. And, their benefits (medical, dental, 401k, and stock program) are pretty awesome for full-time employees.
Great benefits for retail industry standards
Good benefits,very fair salary for working from home and not having to worry about gas expenses, great company
Apple makes it clear from day one that they highly value their employees. Great learning environment.
Exposure to a diversity of people and technology.
great people, great work environment. the best thing about working for apple is that you get a sense of meaning from your work.
One of the best retail jobs out there. Higher pay and better benefits than other jobs I have had. You get to meet a diverse group of people in your coworkers and customers. Opportunities to grow within.
Employees are great people and if you like technology it keeps you stimulated
Fantastic work from home department Great benefits Crazy cool perks (tons of free software, Apple & 3rd party discounts, etc.) Overall, great training (though sometimes very last minute, ex. Finding out about new technology or procedures updates from customers before you have the training available) Extensive resources available to do your job effectively Awesome culture, great coworkers Unique project opportunities (temporary rotations available that offer completely different jobs/requirements for several months at a time) *If you want to work from home, THIS is the company to work for.
Strong bonds formed through technical challenges. Seamless integration with wireless carriers for support
Great experience in the retail environment Good credo to follow Awesome Co-Workers
The experience and education that comes with the time spent with Apple is a wealth that I wouldn't change or give up.
independence, fun, education, great training weekend for all reps, gained skills for future job
Empowered to show customers how technology can shape and enrich their lives. Awesome culture focused on innovation. Incredible coworkers who become life-long friends.
Great pay that is literally the only pro.
they hire the best people which add to a dynamic atmosphere
At Apple you will meet some of the most amazing, smart, interesting people.
Competitive wages, employee discount, stock options.
Perks, time off, salary, team, management style
Many job opportunities, pays very well for retail and sales, excellent benefits. Many skills can be picked up that are useful for other employment opportunities. Everyone is extremely knowledgable, and this company is truthfully more about doing what's right for the company instead of making more money.
1) Great working environment 2) Great people all brilliant 3) Exciting work knowing it will impact tens of millions of people 4) Great benefits for employee 5) Flexible work hours 6) Great food at Mac Cafe (Not free but well worth it) 7) Free bus ride from home to work servicing many communities in the bay area
Apple cares about its people. They have above average compensation and benefits, even for part-time employees. The benefits are good. Apple attracts the best, most passionate people in the world and that makes going to work every day a pleasure.
Life is always in the air. People are satisfied with their products and you feel part of a team
Apple is a good company to work for. There is room to advance and benefits are very good.
the training is phenomenal and the experience is invaluable for anyone wanting to work in a call center. However, they will work you to the bone for a year and drop you and/or remind you that you are replaceable the second you show any sign of breaking. Overall, they
Company headquarters has intelligent people who are passionate about the product in a fast pace environment with opportunities for creativity (hardly any bureaucratic hurdles). People are eager to deliver high quality results and do not hesitate to meet in person and resolve issues quickly. Pay and benefits are amazing as well as stock and promotion opportunities. Movement within the company is encouraged.
Takes feedback to better the work environment
great benefits for part time employees
Managers were excellent mentors. Truly supporting all staff to achieve their best performance. Managers willing and able to handle difficult customer issues. Staff were well trained before they were expected to perform. The Apple Store was a pleasure to work in even during peak holiday rushes. Always exciting with great opportunities to learn and advance.
Benefits (even for part-time employees), discounts, coworkers are always very interesting and fun.
Lots of different personality types, where this can be good and bad... works out really well for Apple. They also had strong career paths built into working even the lower end/part time jobs.
One of the most respected companies in the world. You will work with a lot of talented people. A lot of learning opportunies
Working with exceptional people who are very smart
great hourly rate with constant raises, flexible schedules for people still in school, fun coworkers, awesome benefits even for part time employees, great discounts on products, overall great workplace with opportunity for growth
Apple hires a lot of young people who are on the path to going places some day which makes it an exciting, albeit gossipy place to work. I love the people I work with for the most part though and am generally satisfied with the way Apple treats their employees. There is no doubt in my mind that Apple is the king of retail and continues to be so well into 2014.
I feel I am valued. The mission of creating lasting relationships with customers is always at the forefront. Benefits are great even for part-timers. Wellness challenges encourage people to participate across multiple stores and get to know one another while getting healthier.
Everyone cares about each other and treats you with respect. Your opinions and thoughts do matter. They try their best to make the experience for employees the best possible.
Great friends, great environment, good benefits, job security
Great teamwork, Time and resources to properly assist customers, Working from home
Great place to work fun people and everyone is chill
Great benefits fun place to work
very cool group of coworkers: everyone's always very knowledgeable about what they know. no less than truly dedicated managers that want to make their individual store succeed here. the employee discounts are nice too.
Good pay for a college student, full time benefits, and no experience required.
Several opportunities within company to find something you love to do. Most employees are passionate about the company. I worked from home and they frequently send "swag" like water bottles, snacks, and things of that nature. And occasionally something really cool like an iPod Nano or something of that nature.
Great work environment, staff is very helpful and family oriented.
Free iPhones. Free Macs. Relatively easy work compared to Google.
24 hour gym, Monthly Beer Bashes, and employee discounts on Apple products and select 3rd party vendors.
Nice pay and excellent benefits especially considering it is a retail job. It is quite fun to work at the store when there is a new product launch.
great social environment, young friendly employees who have remained friends
Was given free reign as a Mac Genius to help the customers beyond the norm. Most of the staff were excited to be working at Apple and loved the products.
Benefits are great they include domestic partners and at an affordable price Yearly reviews Great discounts on their products Inspirational Culture and values Bi-Yearly anonymous surveys for employees to communicate how they feel in their role
you get to work with amazing people
Meet Incredible people, Have fun with amazing coworkers. incredible culture.
Benefits... Like commuter benefits where you get a free metrocard, Rather cheap health insurance if you are fulltime (only $40 each check depending on plan, I used in network only) Employee discounts on apple products, employee discounts on other products, free shirts, cool name tag, training (developing thick skin its customer service) Learn a lot about Macs, ipods, ipads etc.
Great Environment, Great pay, Looks great on your Resume, great people.
Good work-life balance, a lot of opportunity for growth, great people
Good work ethics, acknowledgement of work, smart people and good learning opportunities.
getting to see the latest technology working with extremely dedicated and positive individuals
Very generous with their pay scale
Good benefits, fun work environment for most part, good discounts and perks
Great atmosphere, all the employees are social and easy to get along with Great training, they make sure you know what you are doing before you start
The best personality match for a career in Apple Retail is the humble techno-monk whose only ambition is to serve people and fellow workers. The ongoing training and integration professional improvement means that you can fill your brain, actually increase your skills and you will truly, madly, deeply learn your job. Most of the financial benefit comes from the halo effect when you leave. Before Obamacare, the benefits were amazing. Everyone is as smart as you, as nice as you, as humble as you and as talented. That's good for collaboration and can be bad if you are used to being a star, a keener, the key team member. However, if you have glacial patience and are financial sustainable at the level of your offer (as well as amazingly humble, able and talented), you can ascend.
benefits, peer relations, positive environment, fun
Everything, Management, Pay, coworkers, training. evironment. everything
Big Brand! to work with!
Whole new hiring experience and awesome peoe, prepare to be social!
Good pay for retail. Great benefits.
high pay for no experience, lax uniform policy, cool customers, culture, easy to be recognized, looks excellent on resume
Good pay for retail. You get to work with really smart people.
Best retail environment ever! -every store is different but, mine has great co-workers and excellent management -great benefits -learn valuable life skills (communication, dealing with ambiguity, etc.)
Great company, very collaborative atmosphere. Would recommend this employer to anyone seeking an amazing opportunity!
Apple use to be a great company, but that has changed.
Employees are motivated, pride about the job is high, exciting place to learn and grow
benefits discounts vacation time development time fun culture
As an employee you get to enjoy the following perks: Mac Cafe: Food is organic, healthy and delicious. Beer Fridays 1-2 / quarter for celebrations. Work out gym with group exercise classes Dr. and Nurse on Campus Team building outings every quarter A ton of training is available
Probably one of the best companies to work for. Benefits and all, they cover you from medical to 401k as a PT
Freedom, great learning experience, free Apple gear
Awesome people, tons of connections gained, fun environment (for mac enthusiasts). This is one of the few places I have worked that led to the betterment of my career not necessarily through the experience I gained, but connections I made along the way.
The perks, the benefits (only if your offered the full time role), stock options, Apple Passport, discounts on Apple goods and also third parties product discounts.
Fast paced environment makes the day go by quickly, casual dress code, awesome discounts on the latest technology, great starting pay for retail,
Excellent growth and training opportunities. Excellent benefits even for part timers. The people are smart, talented and great to work with. It's a fun rewarding environment to work in.
Great benefits. Cool atmosphere. Loved 90% of the people that I worked with.
Amazing culture, branding and products.
The management is friendly and supportive, there is rarely negative feedback.
Love the atmosphere and camaraderie. There is a feeling of serving and evangelism for something greater than self. There is a A game mentality in the processes that helps you develop the habit of high achiever.
Pushed the limits of technology applied to the products. Never a dull moment, if you like travel there's plenty of it. Worked with a lot of driven and talented people. Liked the team building activities. Meet a lot of great people at vendors. Salary and benefits were good for consumer products company.
The company truly cares about its employees. It understands that taking care of these people will allow them to take care of Apple.
As oppose to other employers this one is very cool and collective with great potential to grow within the company. Guidance and someone to take you under their wing is needed.
It's a fast paced, fun, and diverse environment that truly attracts the very best people. The product detail is second to none! The company truly creates an environment to "think different". It's a company that gives you a sense of pride.
You are working for one of the most sought after brands in the world and develop great customer service skills. Great benefits, 401k and stock plan
Working from home is amazing, and they provide all the computer equipment and training you need to be a work from home service representative. The training is top-notch, and all the people, not just the trainers and supervisors, are super helpful and knowledgeable.
Working from home with this company is great because they give you the equipment that they need you to use. You can also learn a vast amount of information in a short amount of time.
Great place to work, management really cares about you. Expect a lot from you, but you receive a lot in return.
Easy going and friendly atomposhere. A good discount and AMAZING BENEFITS!
I learned a lot about crisis management: What to do when ALL managers were absent, how to handle the terrible relationships with pathetic customers who only valued material goods, how to advocate (unsuccessfully) for my advancement in the store and, most importantly, how to force a smile when every day felt a little bit more soul-sucking.
The reasons to work there is because there are great people and great environment. I like it
People, Salary, Location, Access to new products
Good pay, customer focused service, relaxed environment. Always up to date with current technology. Friendly people to work with.
Great team environment. You can learn a lot. The company treats you very well.
Great team environment. You can learn a lot. The company treats you very well.
great group of people that are always there for you to help you
Fun culture. A lot of young and different people from all walks of life.
Apple provides loose work environment. Allows you to be laid back even if it's just a little bit. High pay for a retail job
The people you work with are some of the most intelligent and brilliant people you will ever meet. Benefits are pretty good, and training opportunities are available if you are persistent with communications to your managers.
Working on the best consumer products Great co-workers: very smart, funny, congenial Fabulous benefits Employee discounts Culture
great place to work for me
Great pay and benefits for an at home job
Culture, people, benefits, discounts, great schedule
Being a Genius is actually a really good job. Sometimes its cool to hate the job, but when it comes down to it, the benefits, experience and people make everything worth it.
Working at Apple was fun. The management treated you like you were valuable to the company and you could see it from day one during training. Apple cares about the professionalism in which you approach customers as much as the knowledge you have of the products. It was one of the best places I have ever worked and I understand why they are successful in todays dry, unorganized, and mundane stores. The discounts that we were able to get were great but again, hard to spend 10-20% of your gross income on a Macbook and an iPhone.
Friendly people and you make a lot of friends. Great training from staff Free software for employees Great supportive culture Great for students who are studying Build up confidence and people skills in sales
Good company to work for, great people working in the stores, customer service focused
Laid Back and fun environment
- Awesome Team and management around you - Your work will get recognize on spot - You will get involved in all discussions & phases of project
The benefits of working for this company were the benefits offered for both part-time and full time associates as well as competitive compensation for retail.
ready to spring forth and birth its fantastic, transcendant products into a free and beautiful world coming with the singularity. I can't believe that I'm working here. Verily, I am incredulous! A truly graceful employer building my heart and mind. Apple is such an inspiration to me, that little else matters!
Plenty of career development opportunities and support. Dedicated time allocated each month for self-guided training. Benefits are good, many healthcare options, matched 401k contributions, discounted stock options, etc. Discounts available on Apple and 3rd party products. Great managers and co-workers (depends on store though). Usually a very positive atmosphere.
The staff and team are amazing personalities! Everyone is supportive and down-to-earth. Whenever there is a challenge that the team is faced with, we always find a way to overcome it while having fun.
You learn the business and customer service approach from one of the most successful companies of all time. They really focus on education and building interpersonal skills plus the technical skills.
-Relatively fixed schedule -Good Insurance -Safe area
Great products coupled with great customer service equals great experiences. Apple strives to make every customer feel like they are part of a much larger family.
Benefits, work-life Balance, Experience, time-off policies, company values
Great Product. Easy to sell. Customer base is usually fantastic.
Working from home, training, compensation. Keeping up to date with the latest technology. I loved working for this company.
Good training program for new support advisors, good internal tools for supporting customers, nice benefits and a satisfying introduction to the corporate (albeit remote) atmosphere for college students
Great pay, lots of enthusiasm, great coworker support, employee-centric culture--all very different from the corporate culture that I had come from. All good!
Cutting edge technology that focused on the consumer. Very strong brand and design with amazing benefits. 401K, ESPP, Vacation, Health and Life Insurance are amazing.
Management cares about your career goals and aspirations. Everyone is there for each other. Exciting work environment.
Apple Retail is unlike any other retail job. Not only are you encouraged to learn, you are also given time (paid) to do so. You never stop learning and they help you to grow into a better employee.
Good company to work whole life
Great manager/employee relations Plenty of advancement opportunities Pay raises based off of work by annual reviews and not seniority Management actually enjoys working here Fun and exciting place to work Amazing health benefits Great discounts Have not come across any cut throat co-workers Co-workers are more than happy to help you succeed Recognition for hard work Great Employee Enrichment program that offers contests and company get togethers with rewards Plenty of personal sick time, vacation and even time for family illness if needed and other types of time off when needed Great compensation benefits including shift differential pay
Competitive atmosphere, great peer work environment
Good job security, room to grow within company, great coworkers and team members
good benefits, flexible hours, nice discounts, great team.
There is always something to do, so time flies.
no micro managing, great offices, amazing food court
Apple really cares about its people. How they treat you makes you want to really take care of the customers and the company.
Apple has the best benefit programs available.
-Fun culture, very people-oriented -"Cool factor" -Nice base pay -Great benefits
Loved the discounts and the people that i worked with there, i would love to work with and hang out with any one of them again.
Great benefits, learning and development opportunities. Flexible scheduling for the most part.
Great, innovative company. Exciting and leading-edge products and services.
Very busy environment, where you get to engage with a diverse group of customers. Benefits are definitely nice for retail. Overall, there is a great internal community and potential for growth.
Career advancement is possible, personal and professional growth programs, good compensation, fast paced.
Stable career, I never felt that I could be out of a job. Great training, I loved every minute of Genius Training. Amazing benefits, I have better health and fringe benefits than anyone I know my age.
Good salary. Good benefits. The opportunity to work with decent people. Management, that (so far) is uniformly bright, and pretty easy to work for. Easy going, (in some respects) corporate culture. It is like any job, though, follow the rules, and you will have no problems. The problems start when you don't reach your assigned goals, and metrics. The metrics for At Home Advisors are not overly strict, nor impossible to meet. All you have to do is show up, do the job according to established practices ( and trust me, once you start doing that, it gets a whole lot easier, and your metrics are met......). The company is fun to work for, you get gifts every quarter (nice Apple-branded clothing, high quality commuter cups, and water bottles. Sometimes you get silly things as well, but that's just part of the fun of working there.) The training for At Home Advisors is about 5 or 6 weeks long, and it is kind of tough. It's not impossible, but it's not easy either. The overall atmosphere is fun, and it's fairly easy going as well. Working from home also has the benefit of being away from office gossip, and office politics. In addition there is the employee purchase plan for Apple devices, and, all kinds of discounts on other stuff as well. Apple builds their support around "empathy", and building a relationship with the customer, so they feel as if they are getting personal service from you. It's a good thing, too. I have done tech support in the past, both face-to-face and over the phone. Apples formula for doing things, while hard to get used to for the cynical, is really an effective way of dealing with customers. There is also plenty of opportunity to advance, and move into a full time gig. Also, your manager is their to support you. All of the managers I have had, have been involved, encouraging, and supportive, but there is no "hand holding". You are expected to take what you have learned, and help customers. Now, don't mistake that as meaning you are on your own with no support. Quite the opposite. There is tons of support, but once something is given to you to do, you are expected to complete it, or accomplish it in the agreed upon way. There are no excuses. Your manager is there to support you, help you sharpen your skills, and give you some best practices. All of my managers came up through Tech Support, going from Tier 1 to Tier 2, and then moving in to Team Managers. They have been there, they know how it works, and their knowledge is what will help you get to the next level.
There are so many benefits that come with this Job. Never have I had a job that provided so much for me. As a college At-Home advisor I was given flexible hours and full benefits when I worked only 20 Hours a week.
The pay is ok and the benefits are good. If you like Apple products they have a good employee discount, which you can also use for friends.
benefits, discounts, stocks, vacation, work from home, gym membership
Plenty of room to move around, but like one of managers once told me, the squeaky wheel gets the grease. Things vary greatly from store to store, and I've had the benefit of working with caring, creative, gifted people.
Lots of opportunity for interpersonal growth and to learn new skills, great place for feedback, lots of perks are available
Good pay, full benefits.
great company, takes care of their employes, great retirement plans
-Good hourly pay -good discounts on products
I really enjoyed the variety of people I met while with Apple. I was given the opportunity to learn a ton of new things, and Apple truly believes in helping their employees' development. They hire a diverse, yet similar group of people, where almost everyone that you work with feels like they are your close friend.
Great:  - Company - Values - Leadership
Working for a top brand selling great products. Customers love Apple products.
They are positive people and believe in treating everyone with respect including their customers. their approach to customer service is great and you rarely be in a position were you are the bad guy. The knowledge and benefits for just part-time employees are great and is the ultimate job to have during college. very easy to change hours and swap shifts.
Life as an Engineer is good at Apple. Challenging projects, good pay and benefits. A very stable company with long term vision. It's great seeing your products everywhere. Apple throws good parties (although they are getting a little crowded these days). Work-life balance is better than previous experiences I've had.
Very caring of employees and friendly atmosphere to work in! Thorough and trained well!
It was a high quality tech support experience, I learned a great deal. It was also an exciting first job.
-Excellent Benefits -Huge team to work alongside with -Excellent Employee Discounts/Perks -Great Resume Boost
Exceptional people, flexible schedules, competitive compensation
Work from home, if thats what you like
The benefits are great, health care is incredibly. Generally work with a pretty good bunch of people.
It is a great place to work for. The people are awesome and it's like another home
incredible perks, amazing insurance, gym, cafeteria, education benefits
Smart, great people, great culture. Work on the coolest stuff. Great place to work.
Nice people, comfortable work environment, and very good pay.
The great people that are still left. The fact that you get to work on a mac. There is still clout in saying that you work for Apple
Work around your college schedule, lots of benefits, fun people to work with.
Great Company, Team Work, Funny Culture, Energetic Team Kickoffs
Great Health Benefits, nice discounts, "fearless feedback" and open communication with managers. With the exception for Time and Attendance, it is a very secure job and hard to get fired.
Pay, benefits, perks, job growth opportunities, good corporate backing
Working from home, great pay, awesome benefits
Amazing corporation — top of the chart benefits.
Solid pay great benefits good appreciation of the consumer looks out for their employees (to a degree)
Company values ,personal development benefits. Ability to become well versed in tech and tech speak at even most basic positions
Very flexible. Extremely considerate about your growth and development. Everything there is done proper down to the work/life balance to the breaks, management always has time for you and there are many ways to excel quickly if you put your heart and effort to it you will be right where you want to be.
No micro management, lots of freedom for creativity, fun atmosphere, generous attendance and time policy, genuinely care for their employees, very generous benefits. lost of other job opportunities.
Looks good on your resume Great perks, even for part timers Amazing networking tool. Got my next job through customers
The stores are always very popular, regardless of where you are, so if you enjoy interacting with different types of people, this is a place you might wanna go. Like its customers, Apple's employees come from 101 different backgrounds, so you learn to mix with people unlike you & make satisfying relationships with people you probably wouldn't think twice about. For me, the people I worked with were one of the best parts about it the company.
Great products and an energetic workforce to back it up. Excellent perks with corporate benefits, health care, 401k, the works. Good discounts on products. An attempt to personalize communication between management and employees.  They do give you reasonable tools to help you fulfill your role. Expectations are high which keeps things interesting. Some managers genuinely care about your happiness and satisfaction, others seem aloof and self-concerned.
Apple is a good company to work for. I really like the products
Flexible hours and workdays. Work at home. Good benefits. Work with interesting customers. Every customer contact is different, which keeps the job interesting.
Great place to learn and develop your skills in other careers. There are a lot of smart and energetic people that you will get along with. There is always something to look forward to in advancing your position if you make an effort.
Great on resume, good if you like a discount on apple products, learn technical skills, above average benefits.
Apple Retail really focuses on the development of its employees. You collaborate with innovative, fun individuals.
Good technology, very visible company, smart people that really want to make the best products they can.
-You are valued as an employee and individual -Your ideas/thoughts are considered in company procedures - Various opportunities to advance in promotions - Fantastic benefits
Work/Life Balance is a plus
Awesome company. Opportunities, Fun, time off
best company in the world
Good pay for retail Promotions to be had with proper support Great benefits
Corporate truly cares about their employees and their offer competitive salaries and excellent benefits.
Pays well for what your doing, other employees are supportive, a lot of discounts. Great if you enjoy talking to customers.
Decent Pay. Good learning opportunity
-Out of college pay is Okay -Culture is great -Discounts -Pretty Chill
Friendly employees Not commission based Frequent opportunities to broaden your skills for a resume FUN! Benefits for part-timers Great discounts Great base-pay
Development is a priority. Many opportunities within company to grow. Many discount programs throughout the year and benefits are great
Great people and products.
Worked here for a few years. From what I heard, things seem to be pretty team-dependent. I ended up really loving my team, however. And, I always had awesome, awesome, awesome managers that I truly love. I never had to deal with politics here (although, again, team dependent). Benefits were pretty good, and I was able to balance work/life pretty well.
1> Good Pay 2> Open to Talk
Worked with many people from all walks of life. Learned a lot about technical advising and troubleshooting.
The friendships I have made will last me a lifetime and the health benefits are top notch. Within the years I have been with the company I worked hard and eventually made it to the position I was aiming for within the Retail stores. The Time and Attendance policy has gotten sightly better.
The work is not as challenging as other retailers and you are given the ability to make the right choice for your customer. Great health benefits.
Interesting Technology, great benefits, good presentation of product. The overall experience is more than just about the sales.
Apple's corporate retail culture is unparalleled. There is no better retail store to work for, Apple Stores are diverse, dynamic learning laboratories for creative technology users and consumers.  The caliber of employee is beyond that found in any other retail environment I've worked in. Everyone there, for the most part, is there to genuinely help and ensure quality customer experiences. Most Apple retail employees are interesting and intelligent young people who participate in various activities outside of work -- outdoor sports, music, art, university, digital media, etc.  There is room for growth within Apple retail, but it will likely take a long while before one reaches corporate from there, if ever. Apple does provide opportunities for retail employees to participate in "on-campus" learning experiences at the Cupertino headquarters. They also have a leadership program (ASLP) for store employees to gain knowledge of every level of the retail experience the company provides.  You will learn a lot working for Apple, retail or corporate. The discounts (EPP+) and benefits (401K, stock options, health care, transit incentives) are a huge plus, too.
Brilliant and committed peers, caring leaders, great benefits! It's exciting to be part of company that is always striving to be the best. It's contagious, making you want to jump on the train! You are always challenged to be the best, thus, never leaving you feeling bored or unchallenged.
Good insurance and outside benefits, i.e. cell phone discounts, transit pass and education reimbursement
This company really cares about you, which makes you feel like you can go to work every day and not hate it. It is a real relief to have this.
Exciting to work on things the world will use en masse. Fun to work with other people who are so passionate about the products being made.
Great benefits, even for part-time employees. Different work zones so you're always doing something different. Very picky in who they hire, so you're always around smart and talented individuals. Lax dress code. Great discounts! They stress that feedback is always open and welcome, which while it can be frustrating at times, is overall effective and helpful.
You will be extensively trained on everything you need to know, how to learn more and how to use your talents. Benefits are fantastic and you get TONS...seriously TONS of huge discounts from other tech (etc) companies. Time-off is a little difficult even in the huge store I worked in. Once you leave Apple you will have a family forever, and you will be sought after by other companies.
The environment and the people are so friendly and welcoming. There is lots of support from all of your coworkers and everyone wants you to succeed. There is a constant flow of feedback throughout the store so everyone has the opportunity to improve. Perks and compensation are great.
great people, everyone knew what they were doing and an easy job.
good place, nice environment
Employees are hand picked for their positive attitudes and enthusiasm which makes working with them a blast.
Has benefits for part time and discounts. Discount for family and friends as well. Many artistic personalities on the retail floor. Challenging work. Great products to work on.
Store team, benefits, training, compensation,
Apple is worldwide recognized for its innovative products, if you are interested on working for projects for the not too distant future with some really smart people, Apple can offer you that
- work on products that the world loves and uses for all sort of great applications - people are smart, cool, creative and a joy to work with - culture is disarmingly informal, so stuff gets done and everyone can contribute - Tim Cook, best CEO ever! - immense sense of pride and ownership
Awesome products, work with smart, passionate people that are geeked out about the same things you are. Customer experience is a focus. Everyone is focused on common goals, and you can take great pride in the brand.
The compensation was good eventhough I came in as a contractor.
Absolutely fantastic company to work for. You tend to work with young, like-minded, and driven individuals where the is always an opportunity to smile and half fun. Apple does a great job at providing discounts and lunches and things like that as well.
Great salaries Great benefits fun work place great growth potential
The environment was fun and entertaining. Learned a lot about sales.
Amazing work/life balance, focused on customer experience over results, intelligent employee's
No micromanagement at all so that was cool! But gotta keep yourself accountable.
Leadership team is phenomenal! Company truly cares about staff and customers, doesn't just say they do, I see it every day!
The benefits were great - health, matching 401k, stock options. Pay was good for retail, and the discounts (Apple-provided and third party) were insane. By the time I left, I was up-to-speed technologically. My peers were INCREDIBLY talented, charismatic people. The only positive thing I have to say about management was that they knew how to hire.
Great personal and professional development.
Amazing interactions with potential customers, wonderful coworkers, great benefits with 401K and stock, encouraging managers and the latest technology
Great company, takes care of employees for the most part and a good working environment
Plenty of coaching, intelligent co-workers, hands on training. Great benefits.
overall it's one of the best company to work for
One of the best things about Apple is the community. Being able to work for the company that produces hardware, software and support for them both is a big plus. Additional training and resources are always available.
Laid back, work with great people, learn a lot.
Great benefits, 401(k) match, vacation time, sick time, will pay for school (as approved by your immediate supervisor), great to have Apple on your resume, job security, takes a lot to get fired.
Casual atmosphere, co-workers, pay, benefits
Great benefits for all, including part timers.
It was a great experience meeting new people who were so compatible and intelligent. We had a lot of fun at work and made life long friendships all over the world.
People focus on making great products. There is no compromise on quality.
Constant feedback from coworkers and store leaders. Outstanding benefits and discounts. No commission and thus no need to push customers to getting items/services they don't need.
- Very successful company - Great to talk about with friends and family
Apple offers on the job training in a team environment, they don't just hand you a manual. You are in control of what you want to do for Apple. The employees are energetic, smart, fun, creative and extremely talented.
Great company in general, get to work with a lot of very talented people. Paid training to become a Certified Mac Technician.
I enjoyed the team I worked with and the availability to use anyone as a resource at the store.
Work environment, benefits, work/life balance, career experiences, co-workers, developmental opportunities, hands-on experience with incredible technology, communication, training,
Sound cool, employee discount on Apple products.
Working at Apple gives you access and exposure to amazing technology and the company of kind and interesting co-workers.
Great people benefits, quality products. Solid leadership they value their people and show it.
The people I worked with were really passionate for the products and Apple did a great job of letting you express yourself. We got to test drive new software, and work with people from all walks of life. It made the days go by quickly.
As retail jobs go, this was pretty fantastic. My day-to-day was amazing. I had to pinch myself that here I was getting paid to advocate for and empower people to use these amazing devices. Really fun. Very dynamic. Co-workers were amazing and fun. Good pay.
The people, the experience, the atmosphere
Incredibly supportive staff. The management/company seemed to truly care about opportunities for you to improve as an employee and as an individual. Their streamlined approach to "the customer experience" is revolutionary. The store operates like a well oiled machine which made for fun and exciting shifts at work, day after day.
Great benefits package if you're lucky enough to get full-time. There was a very diverse group of people on the team and we felt like a big family.
Apple provides some of the best benefits I've ever encountered. They really take care of their employees. You get a fantastic amount of sick and vacation time as well.
documented stuff. responsibilities are very clear and tailor made and job is secure
love what I do everyday.
You meet amazing people here and the benefits are phenomenal
Nice environment to work in
Apple has introduced me to some of the smartest people and some of my best friends. Most people are welcoming to any store I go into and will be comfortable sharing a drink after work, because its usually needed.
I work with wonderful people
- Great benefits included with a retail job (401k options, stock options, medical, etc.) - Flexible hours (24 hour store) - Great team(s) to work with. - Management was deeply involved whenever needed and necessary
great benefits. Friendly co-workers. promote from within though they did play favorites
Opportunity to meet new people on the phone. Get to work with new apple products
The pay was pretty good, hours flexible(ish) and co-workers were awesome.
Get to change peoples lives.
Fast paced environment On the job training Room to advance easily Leads to more opportunities outside of the company They hire a lot of quality people.
Great engineers to work with.
Enjoyed the teamwork and 'fearless feedback' which worked great for everyone to generate revenue for Apple.
If you have to work in retail, this is the place.
Name recognition ("APPLE!!"). Health benefits are pretty good. Product discounts are good.
Every day is a learning experience. If you have a strong work ethic and the ability to always be positive and "on" then you'll find opportunity to grow in the company. Working alongside some of the smartest most talented people from all walks of life is extremely beneficial, especially when learning the technology and business.
Apple employees are encouraged to innovate, and everyone is passionate about what they do. Interdepartmental communication is excellent.
Incredibly talented, smart people Genuine people centric culture Empowerment to do what is best A place to develop both internal and externally Beautiful locations Great work life balance, especially in retail
fun good group of people
Working in a high-end retail store, using technology every day, getting occasional discounts on the latest products (brands frequently give 50% off to get employees to own their products - making us more likely to sell them to customers), and occasionally networking with high-end customers
Apple Retail offers great pay...thats undeniable! Its a fast-pace retail environment unlike no other and is rarely a boring place to be. The pros are seriously limited to financial compensation and perks of that nature though. Discounted company stock is pretty great, benefits for all employees, product discounts (albeit rather minor discounts)...these aspects are where Apple excels compared to other retail operations
In a nutshell, Apple helps you grow as a person, teaches you things school never did. Any experience you have here, you will take it with you forever. Good pay, diversity, positive, a happy place to be!
Great products, great network, smart people
Work from home, great benefits and work/balance.
Benefits. That's it. The stress of this job is insane, and if you don't drink the cool-aid you're not going to last long at all.
Great benefits, good discounts. Big focus on training for different positions, including technical training and customer service training, which is really good. Your co-workers will be typically awesome, especially for a retail environment.
I learned a lot at this company and they really focused on me as an individual and my development. I also enjoyed the family like atmosphere. Amazing discounts on products.
clear development path, management will work with you on where you want to go and not try to force you into doing something that will be great for them, great career opportunities, brilliant coworkers
Apple makes it clear from day one that they highly value their employees. They put a lot of work into properly training their employees and giving them a reason to like the company that they work for.
They hire fantastic people to work with. You will talk to customers who are genuinely excited and please to be purchasing products. The culture is defined by upbeat morale and innovation. Pay is very competitive for retail, if you do well and work as a team player, they will keep you around and treat you as an asset. It is somewhat difficult to move up in the ranks, it largely depends on opportunities within the market you are working, how you are perceived by management, and luck.
Great benefits, excellent environment, work with truly awesome people!
On site cafe, doctor, nutritionist & gym, ATM, Starbucks, coffee bar, corporate games, unbelievable health insurance, massage therapist and constant "beer bashes" and "off sites" just to name a few.
Great traffic and great products. You'll be busy all the time. You will learn things that are unique to such a successful business.
Mentally Challenging, Always learning new things. Company has great core values.
The people that I worked with at Apple were incredible. I looked forward to going to work every day and the company really does value a diverse demographic for its employees and its customers. I'm haven't started looking for another job yet, but I'm sure skills that I've acquired there will come in very useful. I particularly learned a lot about communication skills and positioning of a product/ topic a certain way. Taught me a lot about patience, tolerance, organization, loyalty, and teamwork.
Great work environment, excellent benefits
It has a good work-life balance, great discounts on the Apple products as well as on third party accessories and also discounts on mobile bills! Holiday discounts are pretty generous.  Apple trusts it's employee to make the right decision so we are given a lot of lee way when it comes to making judgement calls on technical issues.  Communications between management and worker is pretty open. If you have any concerns just ask for a quick meeting and they will set aside some time to talk.
Great company... great benefits... great people... The environment is great... lots of fun people to work around
Like no other retail. Huge room for growth job security benefits the best people in the world work-life balance company values
Co-workers, discount, constant training, flexible hours, the training for customers is fantastic, always updated on latest products
The pay was better then what most retail jobs pay and your coworkers are pretty stellar. Raises came every year and were significant($.75-$2/hr). Good benefits and stock options. Discount is nice and you get to meet some interesting people. You can learn a lot about people and technology by listening in.
Plenty of people to learn from, lots of ways to contribute
This company's retail division has a great culture, you always have mentors that are willing to help you develop. you can never be bored at an apple store, because you can always do different job function whether it is inventory, sales, pc repairs, mentoring staff, or demonstrating product feature in workshops. And off course, as an apple employee you get great discounts and benefits.
It is great for multiple reasons, mostly Apple is very efficient.
Great company culture Benefits fun upbeat environment
Apple hires some of the most creative and intelligent people around. So fun to collaborate with!
Benefits, scheduling, management, training, flexibility, empowerment, support, etc etc
Pay starts at above minimum wage, a lot of opportunities for bonus pay if you meet your metrics.
You will work your ass off, and build great products.
Products first! Working with Apple mindset and processes are a great experience. You fill like be in Cupertino everyday despite you are in Europe.
Wonderful corporate culture that extends throughout the entire company. Fantastic pay and benefits for part-time employees.
Personal growth if you know to speak up and know to keep composure
Amazing People, Great environment, incredible benefits, amazing products. Generally speaking you have lots of opportunity to move up in retail pretty fast but hit a pretty solid ceiling at manager.
You can express yourself with clothes, hair, tattoos and find like minded people who come from so many walks of life. You will find some of the best friendships here!
The culture. Apple's dynamic quality is unparalleled.
The employees that you work with will be friends for the rest of your life. Without the employees support for each other no one would stay as long as they do.
Great people, supportive leadership, great benefits, stimulating work environment, day to day variety.
Very intelligent and passionate coworkers.
Flexible and professional working environment
The people, the products, and being paperless. Everything is digitalized.
great coworkers, fun to get to play with new products right away. Awesome parties!
LOVED working for apple one of the best jobs i have ever had
Overall company culture, environment and peers. Great benefits package. Horizontal hierarchy, somewhat easy to navigate.
Hmm, let's see... They pay really well, really open work space, as well as workmates, they also have Satisfactory breaks...
Tons of benefits. $100/mo transportation allowance. Insurance. Free Apple stuff.  People are always impressed by Apple employees - even those at the retail level.
Diversity in work, high caliber co-workers, looks great on a resume, development time, thoughtful leaders
HOT brand that everyone recognizes
They hire the cream of the crop - therefore you have a lot of things in common with most of the people that work there. Culture is strong with this one. People are very positive and love their job.
Casual atmosphere. Face to face communication not required during normal work hour.
The culture is amazing if you are in the right store. It's a retail environment that cares about it's employees. The work can be rewarding, but it is what you make it (just like every job). Apple positions are very secure. There is room to grow and positions in Apple are highly regarded as some of the most difficult jobs to acquire, and if you don't want to stay with Apple, just being with Apple makes you very desirable to other employers.
Lots of great opportunities to advance within an Apple Store. Easy to move from store to store. Great people to work with, and fun ecosystem.
- Great leadership from your direct boss up - Great benefits - Accountability amongst peers and managers - Opportunity for advancement - Hard work is rewarded
Flexible, tuition reimbursement, awesome training
Creative work-life balance, flexible environment, great people, and inspiring environment
-Great personalities in coworkers -Every day is different -Some great customer interactions -Cool technology
Products, intelligent and talented workforce, lots of opportunity for growth
Great Benefits, nice work environment, nice people, decent pay if you don't have a degree yet.
People who work at the store or customers who come to the store are Always Full of energy. The mangers are usually very cheerful, positive and encouraging. I love that people are trained to give fearless feedback. It make the workplace just so much more positive and having constant improvement and hitting the target goals always.
Great benefits, awesome staff, lots of people to pick up shifts if you don't want to work.
The work is meaningful, the people are intelligent, and the beer bashes are the best! Cafe Macs has the best food around! No need to go out for lunch.
Dynamic, fast paced. Smart people around you who take pride in their work.
Great benefits, pay, atmosphere, genuine interest in where you want to go within the company
Great benefits. Ok Pay. They will match 401k to a point
Great stock options, rewarding working environment, the bosses are relatively nice, the food is nice, great ambience and decor
insanely great perks such as mobile carrier discounts and device discounts. cool to have awesome things
Discounts Surrounded by some great people Good work experience to understand how awful the human race is Looks good on a resume (as I've been told) Really good health benefits Stock purchase plan
Great company good pay for the position and awesome benefits
Pretty relaxed job. Basically just assisted people who did not have much knowledge of apple products.
It is Apple. Great products, everyone knows the name.
They care about both company and personal growth! You feel taken care of and it is a no-pressure, welcoming environment.
Pay is great for retail, benefits are amazing, supportive work environment, and interesting people.
The company was indeed full of smart interesting folks trying to make good products. It was one of my favorite jobs in my career.
Really enjoyed the atmosphere the company created for working at the store
Prestigious company with good pay and a good learning environment. Many good people, many of them exclusively techy and not necessarily good with people skills.
Positive People, Healthy growth opportunities
Incredibly smart people. Great employee benefits.
-Discount -Great pay for a retailer -Great people to work with -Culture -Looks greta on a resume -Employee discount plus+ -Some career opportunity for those willing to lose themselves -Travel
The health benefits were great and I can honestly say that I worked with some of the best and brightest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. Working at Apple retail also helped to give me insight into how one of the most successful companies in the world operates. I also learned a great deal about how to diffuse tough situations and I learned a lot about how to switch between different contexts very quickly.
Great learning experience - Apple photo, audio, and video are great tools for development. Tests your limits with multitasking. Great coworkers, best and brightest work here.
Great culture and ambition for building amazing products.
You get to play with and talk about some of the best technology on the planet. You can also be the catalyst for teachers, entrepreneurs, students, etc. to use said technology to enrich their lives and that of others.
Really fun and safe working environment. Amazing management team. Very relatable to coworkers. Flexible hours with little restrictions on shift swaps. Very diverse customer base.
* Awesome technology! * Friendly, knowledgable co-workers * Great service and support provided for the customer.
Apple gave you the chance to have fun at work and work with truly wonderful people. You get a chance to meet a number of different people on a daily basis. If you are a people person then this is the place to work. The pay, the company makes so much money they have no choice to pay the employees well.
met some great people. Great fresh out of high school or college job. Also a good part time job.
Great people, strong bonds. Awesome benefits, and unique training/ employee assistance.
Company, Benefits, Believe in what you sell
Very nice environment and working teams.
Work with top talent in the field. Apple hires the best. Most everyone here cares deeply about the product and the end user experience. Good compensation. Good food. Working hours may not be as bad as you think depending on what group you are working in. Software engineering in general has reasonable hours. Company has resources to develop the best technology in the industry.
Amazing colleagues, incredible products. You really do get to work with the best of the best, and the culture of caring about the user interface is second to none.
The job is pretty easy and lovable just, if you're looking for a full time position it would take a lot of time and effort to accomplish. Pays more then any retail position I know off.
It all starts with the people. Apple recruits and hires top talent that continues to strengthen the brand globally.
Apple pays pretty decent and its possible to move up the chain as long as managements sees potential in you.
Great work environment Some of the best people in the work force Smart and Talented people Laid back retail environment
The perks of the status "I work for Apple." Being surrounded by tons of people who know just about everything regarding Apple software/hardware. My co-workers were a plethora of computer knowledge and I was able to further mine by being surrounded by such fantastic people. The work schedule wasn't difficult and the work/life balance was good. The store meetings were fun and entertaining and the discounts were standard in any computer type job.
working with apple allows you an inside look at the technology that is changing our world, a very forward thinking company with many resources. also provide full benefits for full/part time associates
cutting edge, stimulating, never a dull moment, incredibly smart people, great culture, great benefits and salary, awesome campus, good food
learning skills that make you a better person and a better candidate for other employers.
Positive, upbeat, career growth support.
Pay, good working environment, fun team. Would defiantly recommend the company to others.
Great work environment Some of the best people in the work force Smart and Talented people Laid back retail environment
Great pay in so cal Chat support
Unique experience No waste at Apple: Things get done very lean
Very good customer focused company. It is a very fun job that I loved having in which I still wish I had.
i love it.. it is great
They take care of their employees, even in retail. Emphasis on training and customer service.
Very smart and dedicated folks. Good benefits and great cafeteria. On site health and welllness center (cupertino) is very nice. Laser focus on milestones and schedule.
Amazing store culture and very professional management. There will not be one person you dislike at company like this. Everyone is super support towards your goals and want to you to succeed.
-Love the Culture -Encouraging and challenging work environment
-Employees are very bright and motivated -Company honestly cares for the people that work for them
Great culture, and drive for success. Really appreciated feeling like I could be myself.
Excellent Training, Good pay, Resume builder
Apple delivers amazing products to its customers (I was an Apple fangirl long before I started working for them). That is the biggest pro. Job wise, benefits were good, as was the 25% off employee discount (and the $500 off computer or iPad every three years). Flexible schedules for students.
Loved my experience with the company
Great people to work with Working with Apple products all day allow for great flexibility
Great People and a wonderful culture. Lots of room to advance and move up. Benefits are amazing.Employee discounts are a huge plus also.
Good Work/Life Balance, Very Customer Focused.
Awesome opportunities and great benefits
Employee discounts, a great team mentality, the work isn't hard. Lots of attractive young people in one place with a common interest.
Opportunity to learn and enhance customer communications skills, acquire outstanding hardware at a discount, and experience an open, helpful work culture where people can make mistakes and not get 'flogged'. Mistakes are treated as opportunities to learn and improve.
The salaries are competitive for the area and for the industry (software development). Benefits are pretty good and lunches and dinners and easily available and affordable.
Top-tier tech company, very influential work even in retail stores. Store management allows for employee input every quarter and genuinely tries to act on it. Amazing benefits and day-to-day work. I like coming to work every day even if it means a challenge. Its so much more than just selling electronics. Despite being retail, you have the capability of controlling interactions that get out of hand. "The customer is always right" doesn't fly here, so you get to feel confident about your job. Management will back you up if you have a legitimate good idea or concern, and do a fair job of connecting with everyone even with a team of 200 people. An apple store is not just a store - its a hub of great thinkers, problem solvers, and engaged workers.
Discounts. Health benefits for retail after 6 months.
Good benefits, can be cutting edge
Great Company, Great benefits, Great Employees/Managers
Sweet discounts, excellent healthcare. Cool work environment. The pay is decent.
Amazing set of people to work with. You will grow as a person based on their credo and culture. The benefits are great, and the additional perks are good too. The compensation was very good considering my previous work history
Great big Apple family that revolves as one
Smart colleagues, excellent leadership, always working on something new
Being at Apple is amazing. You are paid well, constantly challenged, you get to be a part of revolutionary technology, you work with some of the most brilliant people in the industry, and they have great perks.
Pay, training. I got very good at sales very quickly.
Great hardware to work on, autonomy to cut through red tape to resolve issues. Company has a great reputation among most customers.
learned a lot of new technology
Nice HQ (I talk about CA) Smart coworkers
They only hirer great people that turn into friends for light. Everyone has something creative that they do besides working at apple. They are known for hiring folks who also use there products creatively so everyone has something in common.
Friendly, diverse, fast-paced. I learn every day.
Apple doesn't leave anyone behind, they move forward together.
Great people to work with, relaxed atmosphere, and freedom to work on things that you feel are important. Good balance if you get a good manager.
Benefits, time off, culture, management
It's a very stimulating job with many different levels of complexity that require a balance of tech savviness and more importantly, people skills. One of the best parts of this job is constantly providing solutions for customers. While that might sound cheesy, if you know what you're doing, you will make your customer happy 9/10 times. The management at my store are super nice and understanding but also know when to challenge us. No complaints so far! This is definitely a job to be proud of.
Great staff, excellent work environment nothing beats apple when it comes to computers
Changing peoples lives daily and dealing with different customer situations as well as meeting daily goals
The culture built around developing our people is second to none.
Great people, great technology, great company!
The best part of working was the customer interactions I had with new owners of Apple products. Watching them realize the potential of their products and their thankfulness always made my day. Also my coworkers are some of the BEST people I have worked with. Apple has a tendency to hire the sociable, fun, hardworking folks. It helps make the work environment one you want to be in.
Great Salary & Atmosphere. Loved working with some of the best minds in the world. I would recommend a job with Apple to everyone.
Great work atmosphere and leadership.
The experiences that you have every day. The people you meet. Every day is different.
Nice friendly coworkers, okay benefits
Amazing learning experience, was able to gain leadership experience and also worked on communication skills. There are a lot of benefits that come with this position.
Intelligent staff, strong company mission and vision, multiple training opportunities, excellent focus on development. It's great getting to be a boss with employees so much smarter than you. Training is in depth and development of team through touch bases and quarterly meetings is wonderful in the world of retail.
Ill keep it simple. *The People you will meet. *The pay and benefits. *The status of working for apple. *The Knowledge you will gain. *Room to grow.
Good company as a whole.. decent benefits
Free Apple products...if that is a pro. The job does pay pretty well if you can avoid putting a gun to your head for long enough to deposit your paychecks.
You work with a lot of great people and you are constantly learning new things. Great if you are interested in a career in sales. Having a background with a great and success full company with high sales metrics looks good to potential future employers.
Best insurance, best rewards. It was really fun working with some talented people.
Great benefits! Work with amazing employees Flexibility: ideal job for college students
This job hired me with no technical support experience, I only had to pass an online test. The training was intense and had no tolerance policy for ANY absence. It is an opportunity to get your foot in the door for technical support. And to prove, if you haven't had measureable success before that you can learn impressive amounts and maintain strict attendance and statistical requirements. The job, as a whole, is stressful but can be rewarding.
Very good culture, good managers, empowering.
You can develop your people and communication skills while in a great environment. There is also plenty of priceless information you learn while helping customers on there journey.
Learned empathy. Something I realized that I did not have. Had great managers, peers. Made a lot of good friends. I would not have left if it was for the scheduling conflict with other obligations outside of work. As with any job. You most likely need them more than they need you, so you'll work when they say. Great opportunities for advancement or lateral moves within the company. Pay is great. Don't foul up your attendance or policies that apple upholds, or any other obvious things. A lot of excellent perks and discounts!
Benefits are very generous. Very diverse atmosphere. Overall, all employees are very friendly. Very flexible for work hours. Convenient location.
Good Pay, Good Benefits, Educational
Great managers and supporting staff. Fun, well educated team that makes it a pleasure to go to work each day. Great pay and very low stress.
Apple prepares their employees for success with customers and the management staff nearly always backs their employee's decisions.
Working for one of the most desired companies in the world.
You work with some of the smartest people around on cutting edge and innovative products and ideas.
Enriching lives, creating loyal customers
Work environment with the retail stores.
I enjoyed being able to work from home. I was in the At-Home AppleCare dept.
Better than average call center type job. Work from home. Benefits with part time work. Good holiday pay. Payed vacation and sick leave. Excellent management.
Really great coworkers and managers. Great training program. Everyone wants you to succeed. Many great perks including discounts.
Discounts, flexible schedule, if you really enjoy customer service in a relaxed environment, this is for you!
continually growing company with vision
Benefits, Stock Purchase Plan, 401(k) Matching, and Employee discounts. Co-Workers are extremely nice and drive. HR staff is supportive
opportunity to work on a wide range of projects, great motivated coworkers
Amazing people Established/Reputable Brand Solid pay for retail Challenging for retail  Compared to basically any other retail, Apple is definitely a step ahead in terms of quality of work. I worked for Best Buy and some other retailers (low benchmark I know), but was very happy with the people that worked at the store, and the level of impact I felt I was giving to customers.
Great Character building role to be in
There is a huge potential to learn valuable skills in working for Apple Retail. As long as an employee pursues learning from each customer interaction, they can walk away from Apple with a very well rounded perspective on how technology can empower people and businesses.
Ability to work on problems related to high traffic websites
Coolness factor of Apple, less so after Jobs left. Ok pay(below market rates in my opinion though). Looks great on a resume. If you can get on a team that is a cool project then you can have a lot of fun, there is a lot of projects that arent really "cool" or "fun" though and you are kinda considered in a lesser position when you are on one of those.  Stock price made me a ton of money cause I started there when it was really low, I dont know how it would work out these days.  Had my own private office, I wish I had that at the places ive worked since haha.
fun, positive environment, pay in comparison to other retail stores, wicked awesome store discount and partner discounts. Really fun co-workers.
Incredible managers and support staff. Constant dedication to helping you achieve growth within the company, and as a person in general. Spectacular training. The benefits are OUTSTANDING. Many great benefits even for part timers, outside of health and 401k.
Excellent base pay, excellent benefits, quality coworkers, managers trust you to make informed independent decisions with customers. There's room for growth at corporate but nothing is handed to you, you have to apply to open positions.
Best pay in retail. Lot of jobs available.
Excellent resources. Logistical systems in place flow as well as anywhere I've worked. Technician team worked very well together and had a great atmosphere.
-Creating product relationships with customers who can come back to the company -The employee culture and support system -Always having some sort of answer and being prepared for the day's worth of questions -High tech atmosphere (obviously) -Constant striving toward improvement of the sales floor and technical questions -GOOD BENEFITS (even for part-time) -Great pay for sales -Moderate stress levels - nothing you can not keep in check or improve on
Flexible Hours Wealth of learning opportunities Variety of day to day opportunities
Great stressless job championing Apple products
Benefits, open and accepting people to work with.
Fantastic benefits for FT and PT employees, good training and onboarding
The Apple culture is a great way to learn to deal with ambiguity and decent company to work for. They provide resources and motivation to move in the company. The biggest pro is the people that you encounter while working there. They are the best people you could ask to work with! Friendly and welcoming the entire culture can be very warm.
Casual attire, flexible shifts due to shift demand of other employees, benefits, discounts.
If you have a positive attitude and are willing to put the work in, there are lots of opportunities for growth and development, and the people you work with are some of the most talented people out there.
The people both peers and leadership are all different, teams are made up of all ages and experiences which means if you choose to thrive in the environment you can always use the time spent at work learning from each other.
Smart people and great food
Excellent benefits and development, provided you seek either
Organized management, wonderful coworkers, excellent pay, supportive environment, versatile scheduling, catered food, benefits, career opportunities, holidays off.
Loved the team and the training, kept busy all the time and constantly learned new things. Great playing with new products all the time. I became very good and being flexible and adaptable.
get to learn the latest and greatest. Have a team that values your skills
The people you get to meet and build relationships with. That's what makes working here worthwhile. Great health benefits.
Work with some very interesting people and get to stay well informed with the world of technology.
Great company to work with. the company has a great atmosphere and my co-workers are friendly and understanding. apple promotes teamwork and creativity. It's amazing how Apple has continued to make great products after the death of Steve Jobs.
Good benefits, wide array of experience to gain in many areas
The people are smart, different and all have something to offer. The company will do amazing and fun things when you least expect it. Product launches always well planned, well staffed and fun!
Pay is great. Meet some awesome people. Get full benefits and stock options.
Awesome place to work for sure
They hire the smartest and most creative people
Diverse environment with awesome benefits.
Great pay/benefits.  Salaried positions paid hourly for OT.  Full gym/exquisite cafeteria on-campus.  Great management support.  Plenty of movement opportunities.  Rewards for hard work.  Machines and systems are easy to use and get support for.
Money and stock compensation glamorous products
Great Flexibly while I was in college
Some value recognition that comes in the form of pats on the back.
The people you work make working here tolerable. They are hard working and creative which is just like I am.
convenient of working from home
Working at Apple, you get to collaborate with a brilliant team to bring the gadgets everyone wants to life. Fair compensation, fun culture, firm knowledge that they are #1.
Working for this company for 6 years has definitely let me expand my resume with experiences I would have never received outside of Apple especially within a 6 years time frame. I do feel as thought I had a lot of promotional opportunities in retail until I reached Genius. Then I transferred to corporate and realized how specified each job role was and that people were in one position for up to 15 years. Great that means job security but kind of scary that promotions or even lateral moves didn't happen to expand their knowledge and experience.   Apple has incredible perks such as amazing employee discounts for Apple and 3rd products, free public transportation, bike, gym membership, and school reimbursement, and of course great employees. The corporate environment is unique depending on the department and how big it is. I would in Retail Support Operations and one of the best managers who was excited anytime someone had an idea or suggestion and if she believed strongly enough in it did whatever she could to make it happen.
Good compensation and perks. Topnotch product design, always something to learn. Very smart colleagues. What else? It's Apple!
If your into the anything and everything apple this is the place.
The company cares about their employees. The people I work with are the best. Everyone loves working for Apple, so it makes for a more friendly environment.
You get to work at home.
They do award prizes for closing a lot sales. Have a high close rate and you get bragged on. You also get ranked on metrics. Great work schedule. Great pay. And when a new product launches they feed you for the day.
Decent benefits, name recognition and a small discount
smart people, self motivated teams
I work with some of the greatest, most intelligent people.
You get sales experience and meet some really amazing people. They have special event and and prizes for their employees. There is a good company culture where you'll meet life long friends. If you love technology and love helping people this can be a good place to start your retail career. Also After you have worked in Apple Retail every one seems to go on and find amazing jobs after they quit or leave.
Amazing people with a great sense of diversity that are truly passionate about the products and the technology that Apple is helping to invent and grow. Good pay for most positions in the store. Constantly challenged and changing so you will never be bored.
Smart, hard working people who care about the products they work on and are always willing to go the extra mile.
You are selling the best products that every body wants. Pretty chill laid back work environment.
Good products for discounts fun environment to work in
I've only been working here a few months but already it's one of the best jobs I've ever had. No job is perfect, but this is the closest I've come in my lifetime so far. The managers are all awesome, they are very supportive. I've never worked for managers that seemed to be on the same team as the employee's. The managers are usually there to make sure the employee's are doing their job and reprimand them if they don't, this is not the case at my store. The benefits are some of the best I've seen. The stock option package is great. The company really seems to care about it's employee's personal and professional growth.
Very proud company, that values their employees.
fun,engaging management,very interactive and involved
this is a great retail position to have especially if you want to learn to love and cherish apple products!
• Treated fairly • Great co-workers • Dedication to quality • Good benefits • Never a dull moment • You learn a great deal of customer service skills that will translate into assets in other relationships both professionally and personally.
I loved my job at Apple. They let you express your opinion and really care about your individual growth.
Each store has a little of its own culture, but most of them function as a large somewhat-unhappy, way-to-stressed family. I've retained more friends from Apple than I have from any other job. Dealing with crazy people really does bring people closer together. While it's a decently ok job and has many cons, there's a lot to learn from Apple's culture and way of doing things. I've learned how to be more patient, how to teach someone in a way that they'll retain the information, how to dumb down tech talk without making the other person feel stupid, and how to talk my way out of an argument. All great skills to have in life. Lots of great discounts on both Apple and 3rd party products they sell in store. With all the cons there are, it's a great place to learn, make some friends, and just get paid when you're in college.
50% of the people you work with will be excellent... people like to hear you work for apple because historically the name is tied to good service and good products
Great experience. Great team of awesome people. Overall a fun job to have. There were actually people who took it up as a second job just to have it as a hobby.
Lots of really smart peers. Challenging work. Good (not great) pay. Excellent benefits. Great products to work on. A chance to really make a visible impact on people's lives.
Paid training was excellent with good benefit
Fast paced environment, something new every day, endless opportunities for growth, spectacular career experience, and by far the hardest working and most interesting co-workers you'll find anywhere.
High-tech company with good profiting momentum. Ambitious culture. High pay
Flexible, fun, exciting, energetic, good
It's a creative environment, challenging, and you get a broad sense of many technologies
Great people. Great development systems that are poorly executed. Great discounts. Great benefits. Open communication with leaders if you can get them to slow down for a second.  Some of the best things I have learned in my life have been talking to an Apple Retail Manager when they are available.
Open, friendly, fast-paced, challenging, complex
Nice co workers and fun toys to play with.
Great name company for your résumé.
Definitely a company that looks out for their employees. Great place for personal and professional growth. Very open environment and a great opportunity to meet different people.
Things are constantly changing and it looks good on your resume
Employee benefits are great, and its the only place to get great discounts on apple products.
Low pressure sales environment because they don't pay on commission. Staff is very diverse and overall fairly friendly with each other.
great people, fun, hard working and respectful. Appreciate your contributions. very supportive
Flexible scheduling Good Pay, fast paced environment
Apple cares deeply about its employees, even in its retail operations. They highly value personal growth within the company, giving you opportunities to be better at what you do everyday. Within the stores, they even have specialised trainers whose job it is to help you improve on skills ranging from speaking, interpersonal, and sales. I also received ample support from the team. Lots of great benefits are also in store for even part-time workers.
in the month I left, we got an amazing manager who really listened to the issues going on and the previous store leader's favoritism, promoting the least experienced employees
Great coworkers and an excellent supportive environment Flexible work schedule Good benefits Managers are very friendly and supportive in helping you improve Excellent training programs Recognition for achievements
Great to work for influential company, great products being released, company truly cares about their work
Company's Financial Stability, Stock Bonuses, Great Health Benefits, Good Compensation
Benefits, time off, sensitive to your needs, great managers, great customers, cool apple 'swag', work from home --- or don't work from home, great discounts for you..and your friends !
People don't work at Apple because it was they place that gave them an offer -- they work at Apple because it's the company they love. That attitude pervades the whole company, from retail stores to our Cupertino headquarters.
Learn new things all the time.
- The smartest people with outstanding pedigrees. Not just Stanford/MIT/etc grads but the top students from those top schools. Young, energetic, and ambitious - it’s very exciting to be part of. - Work on great products that you see everyone using. Know that you played a huge part in making that happen. - Empowered. Immediately put into roles and positions where you have to make big decisions (multi-million dollar) that impact the company and end users. - Lean in places. Very fast paced and not a lot of formal processes. Ability to make decisions quick without having to go through tons of redtape. - Fantastic cafeteria at very reasonable prices. Plus, free Apples. - Great on a resume and recruiters constantly contact you because you work at Apple. When you leave you go to Amazon/Square/Nest/Google etc. - Good discounts on products for personal and friends/family. Get stuff for yourself too. - Okay compensation (salary, bonus, and stock). - International travel is on business class and stay at 5-star hotels (Grand Hyatt, JW Marriot etc. with good daily food budgets). Get to keep those airline/hotel points and travel for free on vacations. - On-site Concierge, ergonomics experts, laundry service, free dinner. - “Beer Bash” every couple weeks. Free beer/appetizers in the quad while a top band plays live. - Wear whatever you want to. Some people come dressed as Ninjas or wizards. - Good shuttle service to many locations in the SF Bay with free Wifi.
Constantly learning, always being pushed to take on new roles and responsibility.
Many opportunities for development, great business skills gained during time there. Company focuses on the development of their employees. LOVED how they focus on the employees personal lives and well being.
You have a great morale when you work there
Great people great store great customers great outlook
Great benefits and a nice feeling to be apart of a the worlds most valuable brand. With medical/dental, 401k, stock options and discounts it is hard to believe that I was just a "retail employee"
Working with a fun team while selling the best products in the world.
Great company with a fair amount of incentives, somewhat flexible schedule, work from home, great training, ability to work mostly independent .
Smart co-workers, easy to sell something you believe in, always something new to learn on a daily basis.
Really great place to work.
- Getting to play with new technology as soon as it's released - Positive and considerate management - Room for advancement/potential for growth
The smartest, most talented group of people I've ever worked with. Their passion for making everything the best it can be goes well beyond their products.
Work with wonderful and creative people
Great people, everyone is easy to talk to and very motivated.
-Great company -excellent benefits -great customers -qualified coworkers.
If you are looking to work retail, there isn't a better place. A lot of opportunities to learn and make a difference in your career.
Almost limitless budget for big projects. Bragging rights.
Work with a diverse team that truly becomes family!!!
Company benefits, pay rate, work life balance, local bennies such as monthly transit pass. Product discounts and various vendor discounts for accessories.
Great culture, positive environment, and great opportunities
The people are great, benefits are fantastic, and discounts are great.
Being part of a team that builds products that people love!
very flexible and encouraging of dedication. great people to work with. always learn something new. great benefits.
Fun Work Environment, Great Location, Funny Co-Workers, Decent Benefits, Okay Management, Decent Core Training Program for Store Opening Crew
You get discounts on products that help with purchasing. It's a great place to learning how to interact with people.
Great cultural atmosphere, work-life balance, salary and benefits compensation and leadership teams.
This review is not a reflection of Apple as a company but rather the US Enterprise group. The company as a whole has great benefits and perks. I've also heard very positive things about other departments/divisions.
They take good care of their at home advisers. They would always send gift baskets, shirts, food. They wanted to make sure you didn't get sick so you could work so they would even send emergen-c. The company has great discounts, not only at apple, but also at a lot of different stores.
Team centered working environment. Excellent opportunity for growth.
Great pay compared to other retail jobs, fast paced environment and good people.
Great benefits, job security, family culture. The company provides $100 a month toward commute. Fitness reimbursement up to $300 a year and other perks.
Great salary and benefits for retail job. Able to work Part time.
Excellent pay Lots of entry-level positions amazing company Great place to develop awesome troubleshooting service skills.
Cool technology. Feeling like you are part of an important team.
Great, challenging, ever-changing environment in which to work
Great benefits, pay, training, extras, manager, etc.
The company itself is amazing, the benefits, holidays, PTO can't complain. If you like meeting people this is an amazing job. In this role theres truly advancement opportunities as long as you can prove yourself.
Competitive retail salaries, great full and part time benefits. Responsive HR and management teams.
They let you be you
flexibility, compensation (pay & benefits for part-timers)
- Strong Push for Development - Excellent pay for Retail Industry - Lots of entry-level positions - Great compassion from Managers - Phenomenal Benefits, Discounts, Etc
Great pay for retail, and very friendly co-workers.
Work among the best people in the world, puts a demand on your skills and will make you grow beyond your current capabilities
- Great company with amazing stock options and benefits - Very talented staff - Highly motivated company
Lots of training Great benefits TONS of training Looks really good on a resume Fun Good people and culture Management listens
The company is amazing to work for, the people you worth with is exactly like you, it is incredible
Lot's of benefits, many discounts form a variety of third party partners and part time health and dental and optical insurance
The people, your peers and co-workers. They are absolutely helpful and one of the best teams to work with. EPP discounts for Apple products.
One of the better retail operations to work at. You learn to use a lot of great first party tech.
Great co-workers, excellent stock benefits, 401k matching, company car
Great company who really care about their employees, if given the opportunity would definitely go back.
awesome people good experience yeah
Best team environment and a fun place to work
it can be great atmosphere. the culture is one of the most genuine I've seen
too many people in the company
Name recognition, beautiful products millions of people use. It's not often you can tell people in any country what you do and they all know what you're talking about. Tremendous learning experience—probably a great thing to have on the resume, too.
Feedback is strongly encouraged at all levels of the business. Great place to develop awesome troubleshooting service skills. The company is very focused on the customer experience.
Good benefits. Innovation is encouraged, diversity and unique talent is valued. You will work with the most interesting people - in and outside of their professional lives. The company really tries to stay true to it's culture - enriching lives through technology, and the people being their best resource.
- The team is incredible, really dedicated and very supportive.
Great products Excellent employees Great workplace Amazing product line Very friendly customers Excellent company overall
One of the most innovative companies in the world, with some amazing perks and interesting bonuses. Travel benefits are good, on campus benefits are amazing. This is one of the top motivators. Regular retreats or seminar will help also to step regularly out of the campus.
Relatively good pay for a retail job. Awesome health insurance. Really cool people work there. You get a discount on stock purchase with employee purchase plans. And you get 25% off Apple branded stuff (not iPhones though). Great for keeping up with the newest laptop.
The coworkers are awesome and the benefits are many. There are also many different career experiences that you get to partake in.
Challenging retail experience allows employees to grow and learn so much every single shift. Not knowing everything is okay - learning with the customer and using plentiful resources is encouraged.
Great benefits for San Francisco employees. Free parking and public transportation are huge pluses.
You work with talented and interesting people, and learn a ton. Fun job.
Fun, innovative, brilliant team,the company collects data and implements new strategies all the time. Fast paced with a strong culture dedicated to creating an exceptional customer experience.
Great Culture and people and benefits
Apple focuses on constant employee improvement. You get a great deal of training on the most up to date technology. There is also a high quality program to develop employee communication and troubleshooting skills. The compensation is adequate, but the benefits and employee discounts are terrific.
Great benefits, opportunities for personal and professional growth, life-long skill building, anonymous feedback form provided quarterly.
Employee focused, culture driven. Treats people, both employees and customers, with respect.
The people I work with, the flat management style, good pay for retail
Apple is a fun place to work
Great culture, leadership, quality of products.
- The cafe is amazing, even if it's not free. - Great equipment - standup/sit-down desk, machines for testing. - Smart co-workers who care about their job. No slackers. - Shuttle buses for transportation. - Bonuses for job well done.
Watching a company grow from the underdog to the top, from the inside. I've worked alongside the smartest, most creative, and most patient people that I've ever met.
Nice pay for retail. Also it carries some prestige as a base level job which looks good on later applications.
Teaching customers was the best. "Enriching lives" is a mantra that is actually followed through, to give the best customer experience possible. Being able to help someone that had honestly little to no knowledge on say the iPad is a gratifying experience.
Decent pay, good benefits, great co-workers
Ability to Transfer to other stores in the company Room for career growth Company Non-Discrimination policy that goes above and beyond laws Ability to "down sell" a customer out of a product to either something cheaper, or nothing at all
Managers who want you to succeed and advance in the company. Great benefits. Lots of room to grow and learn. Fast-moving company that's fun to work for. If you manage your vacation and sick time well (both of which are generous), it's a pretty flexible job.
Innovation, always being challenged, fun work environment
•Diverse community of talented people •Scheduling flexibility •Endless amount of educational and training resources. •Great networking potential •Great employee incentives and health benefits.
Apple is on the cutting edge of innovation in consumer electronics and software. It was so inspiring to be around very talented and inspiring people who all believed so strongly in similar ideals, yet all brought a variety of background and experience to the table.
Fun work environment with a lot of pride for the brand. Wonderful camaraderie amongst employees. Leaders are very available and open to feedback and new ideas. Employees are encouraged and empowered to try new things and make their own decisions.
People are great and you get to work on Macs.
Excellent people to work with. Sense of community. Good benefits, discounts, and third party promotions. Always have the opportunity to learn new things.
great talented peers, great learning environment.
working from home means no commute every day Apple provides great benefits Great position for a student while in school
Great company to work for Good salary Great benefits Amazing people and culture
Exiting Smart co-workers Good pay Strong history of culture
- Really take care of their employees with excellent benefits - Works around my school schedule
Wonderful experience from the interview process to the last day, made friends for life. Great employee training program. You're constantly learning something new and will never get bored!
The people. I work with an outstanding amount of talented people.
Great people, great benefits, feel empowered.
Get the opportunity to work on really cool and visible projects, together with great engineers and designers.
Career Experiences Discounted Computers Technology Discounted Phone Plans
One of the most innovative company's I have ever been with and by far my favorite company on earth. I enjoyed working everyday with this amazing company!
the opportunity to learn the best practices when catering to a demanding, entitled, and needy customer base. Customers of the Apple Genius Bar can be sweet and courteous, yes (its feels rare), but you'll learn that, in the end, everyone just wants something for nothing.
Great learning experience, fast paced, potential exposure to some really cool projects/products. Lots of neat employee focused events. There are the beer bashes, the occasional bands that show up to play at 1 infinite loop, the cafeterias have really good food (it's not free, but the quality is excellent - if you have a chance try the gelato in the IL cafe), bus service for employees throughout the bay area (has Wi-Fi and very comfortable leather seats), employee discounts on products, casual attire (as is the case with many tech companies in the bay area), free StarBucks coffee, on site oil changes, car washes, haircuts, on campus gyms, shuttle service between buildings throughout Cupertino, employee stock purchase plan, good health benefits...just to name a few.  It's an amazing bullet point on your resume - opens up doors that may not be otherwise open. If you are in the right group, you can bank on stock, bonuses and other perks. Also, depending on the group, there are a ton of extremely brilliant and dedicated employees that foster a phenomenal collaborative culture. A few years at Apple can change the overall trajectory of your career. If you can hang at Apple, you can make it anywhere else. If you find the right group, it could quite possibly be the best place to work. So, do your homework on the group you are joining (stay away from IS&T).  Lastly, telling people you work at Apple always gets a lot of attention - the brand recognition is amazing.
good company to work for
-If you're a 20 something school is possible, and you get to meet other 20 somethings! -Decent pay -Opportunity to get promoted with in retail
The company has lots of resources. Environment can be fun.
It's Apple so it's nice to have on a resume.
Good pay compared to other retail jobs, excellent hours, great co-workers, great employers, opportunity to move up, lenient dress code
The company culture and treatment of employees is second to none. Benefits and compensation are above average, and the side-perks (NFR software, discounts, internal services and networking opportunities) are fantastic.
Everyone is passionate and most management is very detail oriented and will roll up their sleeves. Great for commuters with their bus system. There are really smart people so I appreciate that and I feel like I have grown tremendously in my skill set.
Great discounts Part of something big Great products
Really good Training. Really Good Management. All around amazing company to work for
Lots of smart people, lots of big projects
Health benefits are pretty good
Ideal place for young people where you can learn hands on supplier management
It is a very energetic and young environment so you constantly feel inspired, and it is easy to forge lasting friendships with colleagues. The management is usually supportive and easy to work for. Being around Apple products is just fun!
Benefits are outstanding, culture is a lot of fun and loose.
Cutting edge work on great products.
- Large stable company - Good compensation and stock bonuses (RSUs) - Diverse set of challenges and products to work on - Many opportunities for career growth: technically and managerially
Comes with decent pay and discounts
-Talented and kind people. -Some knowledgeable staff.
Amazing benefits and employee centered policies, a real sense of team collaboration. You feel like you are apart of a bigger picture and that every customer exchange counts.
awesome team of motivated amazing people. get to know great customers and work closely with them to solve their issues
If you work for retail or corporate, you have the ability to make the opportunity at apple about bettering yourself, and your customers lives.
• Work on world class software that millions of people use • Excellent office environment • Opinions respected, ideas listened to, bug bears acted onto • No expectation to work ridiculous hours (though I'm sure crunch time will exist)
Apple is a Great/Secure place to work
Apple has an amazing culture related to their employees and customers. Extreme attention to detail and a commitment to excellence.
Benefits Discounts Being treated like you matter!
You may get to work on the number one feature, on the number one product, from the number one company in the world. Processes in place for risk management are excellent. Everyone shares a common goal to make the best products for the consumer, and it shows in most every conversation you have. Plenty of smart people to learn from. All your friends and family know about your company and the products you helped create.
Amazing co-workers, the best products in the industry, a shot at really chaining the world.
High Pay, Benefits, exposure to newest technology, high intensity environment
Work at home. Extensive training. Part time with benefits.
Apple will never be known for pay but the work environment and inclusiveness and relationships are great.
Pay rate is very good for retail
Apple people and Apple culture. Apple is an exciting place to work but just like any other large company you have to pick the right group.
Overall Apple pays rather well compared to other retail jobs. You have opportunities to network and build your resume with BS job responsibilities.
Best salary offered by any retailer. Great products to play with.
Great people. Great perks. Great benefits. (insurance, transportation subsidy, discounts)
Job is very easy, it's a pretty chilled environment depending on the managers.
Environment is a good place
Fun and better pay than most retail.
Good compensation, great people to work with
people are friendly, products are awesome, pay is really good for a retail job
Great place to work. It really is amazing. Great place to start a career in computer science or computer engineering.
Friendly work environment, company pays for iPhone and wirelss bill for business/project need.
Apple is a great company. The pay is outstanding for retail, they offer part time benefits and many other cool perks. You meet amazing people, co-workers are brilliant and very talented! Its a great job for a while but don't get stuck there just because they pay well. Many opportunities for growth...if you are willing to look past their inconsistencies. You could easily work your way up to 20+ dollars per hour within 2 years without becoming a manager. Unheard of in retail! Health care, transportation benefits, free services, stock purchase plan. Easy access employee website.
Apple knows what is up.
Educational Reimbursement EPP Pay compared to other retailers
Positive, fun environment. You are in charge of your destiny and how far you want to go. Never a dull moment. You learn something new everyday. Cool, hip environment. Loved having an effect on people's lives.
In my store, I worked with a lot of smart interesting people. They did a great job creating an environment with people who cared about doing there job well. Great benefits, very little micromanagement.
Products. being part of something special and world changing. Truly still a great company.
Great team to work with. Smart people.
The development at Apple is exceptional. You learn a lot from the training and get great exposure to customer relations.
Learning what's new in technology. Some of the people are really nice and open while others are closed only to people in their circle. Discount on products & services.
Awesome work experience, great vibes, very relaxed environment, best products that you believe in, decent pay, best work atmosphere and culture ever.
Best people to work with, great philosophy, cool products
SOME benefits, but read the fine print. Healthcare appears to be good, but there are many holes in services offered. Ability to purchase stock was great and made a good amount of cash from that, even though I didn't sell at $700 (darn it). Tuition reimbursement is pumped up, but there are a lot of requirements and limitations about what is approved.
Some of the most talented individuals I've ever worked with.
Fun gadgets. You get iphones for free if you are full time. Mostly young co-workers, which keeps the workplace fresh.
I absolutely love the culture, acceptance, the people. Everyone I work with is over qualified and works well as a team, even when there are extreme differences in personalities and even values.
Great benefits and bonus by company
The store I worked at was fairly new so everyone got a say in how the store worked. They value your opinions and always take your word over the customer's. All my coworkers felt like family to me. They were the reason I looked forward to coming into work everyday. Scheduling was lenient and so was the attendance policy. Amazing training
Fun, Energetic, and well compensated. They try to keep an upbeat environment where learning is key.
Great People, nice manager, Good benefit
Apple is a well run and organized company from the start. They made you free apart of the entire apple team. It is also true that Apple employees are laid back.
The Culture is wonderful Great Classroom experience Its all about Apple!
Loved the people and the environment
Strong culture, friendly co-workers, great benefits/pay even for part-time retail employees (for example, the same 401k that Corporate employees have), fun place to work
Really awesome coworkers, good pay, fast-paced environment with great benefits (if you're full-time, not just working full-time hours), looks good on your resume, and opens a lot of doors if you know how to play your cards right and find whose ass to kiss.
Lots of prose from health benefits to 401k and more plus good pay.
Great Retail job and pay in perspective to other retailers. Perfect for college students that need a resume builder. will learn skills that can be taken anywhere
Corporate: I had a lot of flexibility to accomplish my job as a Campus Rep. Retail: my coworkers were the most interesting people I've ever met.
- Some really amazing people work here, and you can learn so much about quality customer experience - Constant changes keep things exciting - New tools and innovations are around every corner - Lots of cross training and rotational opportunities - Potential to move up in the company
You work for Apple. Your title is literally Genius. A Genius has authority, technical facility, and the ability to problem solve under high pressure and velocity -- this brings a great deal of respect from some people while off the clock and in the real world. You are able to work on the most wonderful pieces of technology, repair them, and sometimes help people in the process.
The massive scale challenges faced by the Apple IS&T division provide a great environment to elevate your skills. The IS&T model of using lots of low-skilled contractors can be a great way to learn how to manage teams and get things done with poor-quality tools.
Some of the best reasons to work for Apple are: 1) the level of talent 2) the culture 3) the product (of course!)
Highly capable fun creative peers
Very professional and amazing culture. The company provides great in depth training.
There is some real exciting stuff going on, lots of bright innovative people. They're at the leading edge on the hardware side.
Great co-workers and environment in Cupertino.
Great pay, they love to work with their employees and want you to succeed. It is a wonderful environment to learn and be paid.
great place to start a career
Good pay for retail. They don't push you to sell everything and don't place a huge emphasis on numbers. It is a great job for part-timers.
There is a great culture within the retail environment - awesome people with a common goal to impact customers' lives. I felt very supported by leadership, and that I was a valued member of the team. Having Apple on your résumé says a lot to potential employers as well!
The management cares and there is tons of room for growth. The atmosphere is great!
The heart and soul of Apple is truly its people. An employee knows he or she belongs to a world class company that takes deep pride in innovation, quality, and people. Apple is very keen on the details, yet sees past each detail and sees a person's true character.
Crazy smart people making the best products in the world. I wish I had never left.
Culture, top quality products and service, great employees, feedback driven
Being a part of creating or supporting the best products Bright motivated and dedicated employees Work/life balance fairly decent
You will work with very smart people. Advance peek into some of the new technologies the world is raving about. Possible to stick to 9-5 working hours most of the time - productivity is achieved more through discipline than raw time.
Great Life/Work Balance. Benefits with apple are one of the best
Great benefits, amazing people. A culture that really everyone in the company aligns with. It's hard to really get fired as everyone is there to support you, even if you fail. Just don't be late or steal things!
great company with amazing benefits
— A positive, dynamic environment, every day. — Seldom a dull moment — Every day is a learning experience — Being surrounded by and working on computers all day — Opportunities for advancement abound — Meeting new people every day and solving their problems
They gave alot of flexibiilty to do your job, and recognition to do it well, great experience working with all kinds of people
Apple spends a lot of time developing you
Interesting, challenging work with a company making excellent products.
Great starting point for careers.
Laid Back and can be yourself. Learn a lot about how to approach different types of customers.
Great environment, great bosses, good people
Discount, learning new stuff, product training
Amazing people, great training and a great experience
Great 401K, stock purchase plan, really cool employees. The specialist role is stressful but not difficult. You can leave the job at work. You meet interesting people all day long.
Never boring, amazing customers, incredibly fast-paced, outrageously generous perks to part time and full timers, great professional development training for ASLP Associates, FUN culture!!!! Move over to call center type positions within corporate is possible i.e. Apple Care support reps.
Very focused company. Opportunity to work on things that make impact. Great colleagues.
work with innovative people who always put consumer in the first place,
Great products Great people who are passionate about their work
Competitive but there are opportunities to advance.
good pay great people. always exciting
Discounts, and being up to date on the new products.
Great company to work for, excellent benefits.
Great benefits. Great job environment. Never have to take your work home. Hours are always available to work. Benefits within 3 months even for part time staff.
Lots of perks, great food, really smart people. For all logistical reasons, Apple is a fantastic place to work and will pay you well and take care of you.
About Applecare:  - For a Customer Service department, working under Applecare is very rewarding. - Many opportunities to move up, move to Engineering or QA - Working under both Steve and Tim, other than the announcements, operations are the same. - If you work with integrity to do your job as requested, management will have little to no qualm with you.
- benefits are great: full coverage for PT and FT - lots of perks - hourly pay is higher than most retailers
Working for the #1 technology hardware company in the world Great product discounts Amazing co-workers Occasional free food
The entry pay was above minimum wage for a specialist. The company seems to care about their employees.
The 25% personal discount and 15% family discounts.
Smart, committed people, interesting work
Great benefits, growth, pay, and environment.
The best products in the world and the company trainings are some of the best I've have the chance to experience.
The company prides itself on its people. It has measures to ensure company-wide feedback and making sure employees are taken care of at a collective level.
Health Insurance, Matches 401k, Discount on Stock
Apple is one of the best places to work for folks that really want to have a sense of community, access to incredible benefits, and place themselves in an exciting culture.
Aggressive Work Culture, latest technology
Challenging. Teaches you life lessons. Truly pushes you forward as a person if you invest. A great launchpad to future jobs.
Great culture and work environment.
Meet lots of interesting people.
Creative environment allowing for free thinking and unedited passion to shine through on product development
They take care of their own.
I learned so much in culture and sales with Apple that I have never regretted taking the position with the company. Unfortunately, the hours caused a complex in my Work/Life balance that I no longer liked to have to work around.
I loved the people with whom I worked. It provided an atmosphere of constant learning. I learned to accept and embrace constant change as necessary to my personal and professional development.
Apple is a great place to work and a company that care about its people. Work hard and it's bound to pay off. It's also deeply rewarding if you have the right attitude. Looks great on a resume if you happen to see it as a stepping stone to something else, as most people do. Benefits are CRAZY nice. I could go on here...
- Great base salary - Friendly co-workers.
Lots of great people with giant brains and fantastic ideas.
Good people Hard working people Great product There are opportunities to learn the latest and greatest of the new technology but you need to do it on your own time. Some of the people are real and care about helping you. Others could give a....well you know. You're pushed to produce
I found some of my absolutely best friends working with Apple, it absolutely attracts the most qualified and interesting people, period. The technology is exciting and the company is very good at hooking you in with the "Kool-Aid". Training customers is rewarding and the pay is not at all the best, but it is much better than most full-time retail positions.
It wasn't a difficult job as long as you kept up with product knowledge, or knew who was good with certain products/software. Launching new products were always the best part, because it was always busy, you could work longer shifts, and they were never boring. Overall Apple is a great company to work for. They pay well for a retail job, it's always interesting, and the discounts were great.
Fun and great opportunity for advancement. Even though it is retail you still get the perks as a corporate employee. You are welcome to company beer bashes and on-campus events in Cupertino.
World class products and white glove service.
* A lot of very smart people to work with * At the time, the compensation was excellent * Team culture was excellent for the team I was on * It's amazing to work on the innovative products Apple is producing
Nice company perks for employees around the holiday time, so no complaints in that department--at all. Overall, a cool experience.
Work on the bleeding edge of tech. Coworkers who are not management are great people, and just as passionate about company as you are. As a creative, you work mostly with people who are satisfied with their products already, and just want to learn more - not traditional customer service where a customer comes in frustrated with a problem you have to fix - thats a job for the Genii.
If you are young and different versus experienced and professional you will be hired
Plenty of Co-Workers to cover shift and have fun with
Its Apple...great co-workers...growing like crazy
Great culture of incredibly intelligent and passionate peop, plus good benefits for even part timers, like stock purchase plan, hardware and software discounts on not just apple products, but third part accessories.
The internship was a great experience. We were introduced to the Apple culture, plus had executive speakers, and other fun activities. The company also provided housing.
If you apply yourself and go above and beyond, there is no limit to where you can go, literally. Apple has positions all over the globe, great benefits while simultaneously offering lot's of opportunities for personal growth and education.
- There is a great respect for work-life balance. - Compensation is better than average for retail employees and come with great benefits. - Full-time employees receive full benefits on day one, part-time after 90 days. - All managers I have worked with have been incredibly helpful and supportive.
Best products in the world. Work with some phenomenal people!
fast pace, very innovative work environment
Great co-workers, challenging environment that will build personal & job skills like at no other company. The wealth of personal and job growth someone can have working at Apple is unrivaled at any other company. Apple employees, due to excellent training and a stringent selection process are highly skilled and personally well rounded, if not from the moment of hire, they will become that way within the first year of working in the Apple environment. Apple provides a sort of education that can't be learned anywhere else.  Employees are paid well for retail. There are frequent opportunities for lateral movement in the store, and opportunities to "intern" or work temporarily at corporate.
Talented coworkers, excellent training. Apple looks great on a resume and is a great place to start.
They are working at an incredible scale.
Good people to be around
This is definitely a great company to work for. Learned a lot and worked with some of the most intelligent people on the planet.
Great products, Great training, Great management support, Fast advancement opportunities. I have found great support since day one and it never stops coming.
The benefits are amazing. The people are among some of the smartest I have ever encountered. You will become better at whatever you do after working for Apple.
Personal development is taken very seriously..it's Apple
Everyone think you are incredible. It is great to build your resume. Great to be with a leader in technology, particularly if you live in the Bay Area.
Great discounts, flexible hours, availability, love the people I work with.
Employee Discount, flexible hours, great benefits, nice coworkers
Employees are encouraged to dream big dreams and to be passionate about what they do.
Good People to work with
The people Apple hires are out of this world. The best people I have ever worked with. They have that part down. Mostly everyone is nice and educated and really interesting people. The benefits are great, not to mention an allowance for travel. Stock options. Sick and vacation pay. The education I received at Apple is like none other. They do invest their time in developing your skills as an employee.
Experience, and keeping you up to date with knowledge for position.
Everyone feels extreme sense of ownership
Great personal development, training and benefits.
Great culture to work within.
Encouraging work environment, gain great customer service skills, learn new ideas
Great pay and benefits, honest and reliable leadership, supportive and professional peers.
Beer bashes, Full Benefits, My manager tried holistic coaching methods, Great discounts on Apple products
They hire great people to work with. They have great discounts.
Friendly people, satisfying work, great managers, flexible hours, fun.
Great people to work with. Generally great customers. Great to put on your resume.
Great customer service experience since you're dealing with a HUGE flow of many, many different customers. Good formal product/customer service training for someone with little previous retail experience. The chance to play around and talk all day about cool gadgets. A company culture that manages to motivate it's employees nicely. Pretty good pay for a mall retail outlet.
Smart, focused and driven coworkers. Fun products and exciting technology. Learned a ton even at the very beginning of my career.
Flexible work schedule. Over the average on the pay scale. Great benefits. Discounts and perks. Positive environment. Apple goes the extra mile to really take care of support all their employees.
Always engaging, encouraged to think outside the box, encouraged to be your best self
Some store leaders and managers will coach you for great success. Exceptional health and education benefits. Strong product training for team members who choose to avail themselves of it.
Other than the name of the company, working at Apple wasn't really rewarding.
When I was working at Apple Retail, it was such an exciting time to be with the company. New, exciting products all the time, great energy and an amazing staff. Loved my coworkers - and keep up with them to this day.
I was a Genius for about a year. There was a lot to love about the job - good pay, flexible hours (I loved working night shifts), (mostly) good people, and good discounts. I loved being able to fix computers for hours a day, and it felt great to help people solve their problems.
Great energy, great morale, great products, smart folks work here.
The people are phenomenal. From management to coworkers, Apple takes great care in hiring the best people and it shows in the upbeat work environment.The job is also rewarding in that often you're truly helping people understand and use new technology.
- $15 hr - training - 12 days vacation, 6 days sick time - 25% discounts (1 time a yr), 15% for family: $500 off Mac OR $250 off iPhone (unlocked only) or iPad EVERY 3 YEARS. - weird benefits like public transportation reimbursement, gym membership reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, stock options, 401k - this is exactly the job I needed at my point in life- something I loved, something I was good at.
Benefits, pay, hours, nice people, good work environment, awesome training, very well organized
Get to work independently. Well paid for retail sales. Work with all kinds of people and customers. Never a dull moment.
Descent salary, good benefits, 401K match, stock bonus, & other perks.
Apple makes great products and its employees are proud of their company. Apple employees are driven and passionate, which fosters a fantastic culture. Apple has a competitive benefits package, which includes 401K matching, medical, dental, vision, fitness reimbursement, and Employee Purchase Program.
Exciting work, challenging projects, motivating atmosphere. constantly moving forward, fast-paced, surrounded by smart peers and brilliant engineers. Those here have a passion for what they are doing.
- Great people and environment - Amazing innovative products to learn and showcase to customer
Casual but still professional, customer focused, good pay
This job started off as one of the coolest, most interesting things to happen to me (job-wise). I made so many good friends and connections through Apple retail. I will have those connections for life. Perks were great, discounts were great, location was great. I was really pleased in how the management was more flexible then I imagined before I was hired on. Everything seemed great at the start, but now you'll want to read the Cons.
Great place to work, like the people, like the products
Work with a fantastic team of people doing challenging work. Never a dull moment
GREAT, GREAT, GREAT environment to work in (unless you work in AppleCare). Positive Management, talented engineering, very talented people working in Cupertino and Austin. If your job is outside the call center it is a GREAT place to work.
Learned some of the best team building skills, nurtured a very family-type community amongst your coworkers, and work with some of the best products in the market.
Smart people to work with, great benefits, fair pay, and career opportunity make Apple a really great place to work. We make and sell the best products in the world.
I really enjoyed my time with Apple. Great company and experience for students in college.
Great Prestige! Great Products! Beautiful Stores!
Fun lively culture that doesn't always feel like work.
Dynamic and challenging, great products
People and Products. Working at Apple you work with the best people on the most amazing products. Everyone is driven to do their best work.
In my experience at Apple I have found a supportive work environment, some of the best managers I have ever encountered and extensive training and opportunities for advancement. It is truly an inspiring company to work for.
The food is great at the Austin Customer Support campus. The people are mostly decent (just avoid the sales guys). And, there's typically a fairly well defined path for advancement.
Very bright co-workers, dedication to higher goals, commitment to quality, the front line people in the stores are great.
-great training program - great products -fun team to work with -fun team building activities -interesting market
They helped pay for my transit to and from work, which helped me save a lot of money, they held contests to win software like adobe creative suite for free, which is an amazing chance for anyone who knows how much those products cost, and they were always concerned with my well-being as an employee...it was a huge concern to the people that I worked under that I not feel as though I was just a cog in a machine, they stressed the philosophy of the importance of teamwork and impact of employees.
Steady work if you can do it with decent pay for entry job.
Great growth centered work environment
The tuition reimbursement is excellent.  The college program comes with a seasonal schedule (full time in summer, part time during school), with full benefits even during the part time phase.  The people are pretty cool for the most part.  There seem to be a few opportunities for advancement, at least within the AppleCare department. Not really a track toward a fulfilling career for 99% of people, but at least a chance to get promoted within the job and make a few more bucks.  Working from home can be very convenient.  The pay is decent for a college job, especially when considered alongside the tuition money.  The product discounts are pretty good for people who want to buy Apple products. There are also several other discounts that third parties offer to Apple employees.
Amazing benefits, workflow is very understandable, room to branch out to different positions, training for a week prior to position setting in for 2 weeks.
Pay to work ratio is excellent. There may be other jobs that pay more in base salary, but when you factor in all the access to free products, product discounts, amazing health, dental, and stock plans.. it adds up to an amazing company. Apple also fosters a culture of togetherness and seems to stick to its roots in cultivating a work environment with lots of creative, fun, and interesting people. Your normal "i hate my job" watercooler conversations just aren't found here.. sure there's a few people who are unhappy, but they are overwhelmed by the majority of us that are quite content with how we're treated. Raises are done on a clear merit based system so the people who work harder get the best raises -- which seems like common sense, but I've seen many prior workplaces where this has not been the case.
Pretty relaxed work environment amongst peers and management, depending on the managers for the day. Medical benefits for part-timers. Commuter benefits help a great deal in nyc.
Excellent discounts offered to employees on Apple products, as well as rotating discounts on third party products.
Development opportunities galore. Good benefits and wonderful compensation. Discounts on both Apple products and third party products.
Consistent coaching across all levels
Apple provides a structure and culture unlike any other in corporate america. Its a great place to transition into the professional workforce out of college
Decent pay for the job
Very competitive pay A good place to network with artistic people
The people, the customers (yes, the customers!), being exposed to constantly emerging tech, learning a lot about yourself, fine tuning your strengths and becoming aware of your opportunities.
Great products, great culture, great people to work with. Stock options appreciated greatly in value. Amazing experience.
Pushed beyond comfort zone, challenging work, amazing talent pool
Apple hires only the best people, and it's very refreshing to work with smart and kind people regularly. Being that Apple Retail is the most financially successful retail establishment per square foot, you know they are doing something right. They are very customer focused and have many good practices in which employees are trained. They constantly point employees towards the customers needs, and bend over backwards for each and every customer.
Exciting, lots to learn, tools to succeed
Great pay, fast environment, diverse staff, and management instills a lot of trust and freedom in it's employees. You can move up quickly if you put forth your determination and voice your intentions. It's a great part time job if you're going to school as they are the best with flexible schedules. You learn everything there so no tech knowledge is necessary beforehand.
Worthwhile benefits for PT and FT retail employees
Great product discounts and benefits to employees
The people are the best part
Apple retail is a well oiled machine or at least it was three years ago when I left. As far as retail employment I imagine it is one of if not the best but remember it is retail sales. Apple has a stick set of rules which makes it easy know what you can and can't do. You can have multiple body piercings, ware unique clothing, hair and shoes (as log as you ware the correct official shirt) but you can't be 7 minutes late. The benefits are very good for retail and available to part time employees. Advancement opportunities are there but a little limited. The pay is OK, probably better than most retail stores. The attitude and atmosphere where I worked was awesome.
fast paced, lots of upward mobility, changing all the time
Positive environment. Great Healthcare and other benefits
Good working environment, ability to work with exciting products
You can get well paid and learn a lot if you are an intern.
You get to work on your own hours. If you work for a full year, you get to keep your Macbook Air that is loaned to you
Working with real-time geeks who have had their 2nd PHDs done.  Beer bashes, wine cheese, good food, employee benefits, unmatched health insurances, Live concerts.
There are no pros at all
great benefits, job security, Fitness center, good food, nice co-workers, looks good on your resume.
The Store was very friendly when I started and had many nice things such as substantial break time, and flexible work hours which made working there a blast.
Learned about new products, got hands on detail, worked with very smart people
Great benefits, great pay, great job
Well developed culture and products and extensive training...
Excellent support, great benefits, outstanding team building opportunities
Dynamic company, good pay, challenging environment.
Career Advancement, Corporate Culture, Training
Innovative products, exciting roll-outs, fun people to work with.
Great development and employee benefits
Invest in employees with training, great HR support, everyone is enthusiastic and friendly.
- Amazing people - seriously, because Apple focuses on your relatable qualities when they hire you, it creates an amazing environment of interesting and friendly people. I considerable my Apple co-workers a family and I've made amazing friends that I'll have for years to come. - Learn every single day - Awesome benefits and decent pay - Fairly transparent management - Opportunity for self-improvement. Some people can make Apple retail a career. But for those who aren't planning on that, their training allows for opportunities to improve on yourself. A lot of the skills used and developed on the sales floor have positively impacted who I am as a person. I'm more patient, knowledgeable, can strike up meaningful conversation with strangers - all things that can be very useful in life or for future jobs.
Great atmosphere with potential to really make it far. Because of your surroundings, it makes it easy to truly step up your game
Challenging work, good pay, a few fun perks. Overall a good company, financially stable, smart co-workers, very dynamic. Great on your resume.
Fellow employees, free shirts, discounts, benefits, and an exciting work environment
It was great working from home: no commute, no dress code, no bag lunches. There was a pride factor in working for Apple. Extensive training.
at the forefront of consumer electronics, excitement about new products
Great name on resume, pays well if you do well
Great co workers and the store was always busy..time flew by!
Nurturing and educational work environment. They're very interested in your personal growth.
You can get lots of flexibility in your role once you become liked and trusted. The pay is much better than other retailers.
- It's Apple - Discounts on products - Working with lots of smart people - Unparalleled technology
Great Benefits, great co-workers, job security
higher pay than most retail
LOVED the dynamic group of people I had the pleasure to work with! Everyone is so smart and talented in their own way, which makes for awesome people in your network and even better friends, if you should be so lucky to vibe so well.
great benefits. some cool, smart people. there is not much more then that.
Friendly and knowledgable staff. A real sense of purpose and direction. Freedom to work as you feel is the most effective, so long as you can back up your decisions.
Apple treats its employees like human beings and trains us to treat our customers as such. It's such a nice relief to know that I can be honest with customers and not feel like I have to manipulate people or be withholding to do my job well. We get to listen to every story on a case by case basis and are empowered that we know what the best decision is for ourselves, the customer, and the company without having someone standing over our shoulders deciding for us. Apple allows me to be very independent and gives me the tools to go wherever I want in the company - it's awesome. Apple also strives to make everyone feel like one big family, and is an extremely family oriented company
Lots of bright minds at work.
Work at home, benefits, flexibility. Apple provides and awesome training for their employees.
I would have to say that your a nut working here
You get to work with a lot of great people who are smart, passionate, and hard-working. The products are beautiful and you're part of a company that has a huge worldwide impact.
-Discounts on products -Fun and outgoing co workers -Best pay for retail job -Store meetings you get paid for
Coworkers were real great, good employee stick purchase program and discount on apple products.
Fellow co-workers, awesome products and having the ability to make someones life better with technology.
Excellent benefits, even as a part-timer. It's also great to introduce or reinforce customer's experience to Apple products, which are the best in the world. I love the fast-paced environment and constant change of working for Apple. It's a job that allows you to learn a lot from experience and also from training. The interaction with customers is energizing.
teaches a lot about how to give customer service
Great benefit, culture, top notch technology for daily use.
-A lot of resources for training and advancing career. -Some good benefits like free bus card. -Exciting to see new release of products/services. -Coworkers are generally friendly & environment thrives on feedback.
Easy, laid back interview process. Very interesting benefits. Love the attention to employees.
-Brand recognition -Get to use their products as part of your job -Good benefits and RSU's -Beer bashes and private concerts for employees -International exposure -Diverse workforce, lots of women and different ethnic groups
You come into work knowing that your customers come in needed your help, and its your job make sure you "enrich" their lives. I leave everyday tired, but a sense of fulfillment knowing that I have helped so many people with either new or old products. Glad I was able to make them leave with a smile on their face. Over all the pay is worth the work done, its still retail.
Great company, great products, fun environment, and managers are easily accessible.
I think it is a great company to work with. The location is good too.
gym, cafeteria, nice office, excellent benefits, matching 401K, education assistance, employee stock purchase discount
Great work environment, great benefits. It is a lot of hard work, but if you beleivein the mission it is worth it.
One of the better paying retail jobs out there with great benefits. The coworkers are loyal and eager to learn. Apple software is free and there is some discount on products.
Apple employees are valued very much by other employers. Next job is always easy. Opportunity to work on latest technology.
get first hand experience working for an incredible technology company and get some cool surprises too
Amazing environment, turning people's sad day around, helping to satisfy people of which product is best for them. Friendly Co-workers.
The best thing working at Apple is the group of intelligent people that surrounds you.
Working at Apple was a great part of my life to experience. It helped me improve upon personal faults as well as build leadership skills. It's a very open-minded environment and your surrounded by creative individuals.
Apple - specifically Apple retail is a great place to work if you're young, unattached, have a flexible schedule and want to work with one of the best brands around.
Fun, Challenging, Highly qualified employees
- Most of my coworkers were great - Apple really brings in quality people - Management led (as opposed to ruled) and were truly a part of the team - Corporate did not simply forget about retail - any communications came to the ENTIRE company (getting an email from Steve Jobs and later from Tim Cook was pretty neat) - Corporate actually listened to its employees and made several changes in retail based off of employee feedback in my year and a half there - Positive attitude most of the time - Encouraged a great team environment - No commission for retail, so it is not cutthroat - Extremely laid back overall
Flexible schedule for retail. Store managers are genuine. The product discount is great. Apple is a very clean work environment. Great opportunity to learn fields of work you may be able learn elsewhere.
Company is doing well. With right attitude one can acquire new sets of skills that can be useful down the road.
Great coworkers, fun environment. Good benefits too, including product discounts.
The people hired by the company are some of the best I've ever met. Lifelong friendships and networking opportunities were forged in those walls.
It's always busy, you're always learning new things, and the benefits are ridiculously good. The people I've met at Apple are lifelong friends and have helped me get through the roughest of days.
Apple invests more in their people then any other company I have worked with. There are endless development opportunities and a huge opportunity for career advancement and development.
Good company to work for.
You will not find many companies were the team that you work with are the best of all other teams. It really is the Yale or Harvard of employes. The focus on training and development and care about the employes.
Amazing benefits, employee stock purchase plan, a ton of free software, amazing peer coworkers, significant product discounts.
Newest technology, great training, good perks, set your own hours as a campus rep.
Great Employees Great Salary Pay Great Benefits Amazing and Helpful staff
It is a great work environment with a great team. You get to sell incredible products to other people that are passionate about them, and you aren't paid on commission. This allows brutal honesty, and also a high level of trust between sales person and the customer. Apple really emphasizes the customer experience, and wants to treat every customer as if they were in a 5 star hotel.
Working from home, Full benefits, Stock purchase plan, 401k
Great people and products. Sincere employee development. Constant workplace improvements for external and internal customers. Knowledgeable staff to supplement your abilities. Caring leadership. Great products. Low pressure environment.
-Flexible schedule: If you work part time, it is easy to have flexible schedule -Learn a lot: there is a lot of training going on all the time.
Phenomenal culture and rewarding experiences.
smart and caring people they make sure you are doing work you are interested in and foster your growth flexible schedule and autonomy my managers have been awesome, and really care about my career interest apple product perks
challenging, you have to be able to handle multiple projects at the same time, and also able to finish task on time.
Great company, great experience and interesting situations.
Some of the pros are working with great people and working in a fast paced environment, so you are never bored. You also have the opportunity to enrich lives.
Great people, great pay, great experience
If you want to be lazy you can for the most part - you will not be fired for performance in sales (or at least that won't be the official reason)
-$15/hr for retail, sales floor position -nice people -sense of community -good training program
Excellent benefits, some of the most interesting people you'll ever meet in your life, great environment to work in. Great business customers. You also learn how to better deal with personalities of all types. Most people that come to Apple, leave better than they came (many come back!). Your feedback is heard and the company responds (to most things).
- Fun Environment - Friendly Coworkers - Good Training  Apple is overall a great place to work, with dedicated, enthusiastic staff that love the company and the products they sell. It is a very relaxing place to work that never really feels like a hard days work at the end.
Lots of perks Benefits are amazing
Awesome coworkers. Generous 1-time discount on custom computer per year. Terrific sales training. Ability to work at other stores in the US with little red tape. Terrific stock purchasing program.
-Good discount and some good benefits for employees -I have met great co workers -technology , products
Benefits, benefits, benefits. Full time benefits for only working part time hours.
Best company I ever worked for. Very innovative, industry leaders.. both for the product as well as services around the product.
Employees are friendly, helpful, and excellent managers
People are very fwd thinking. Great food and Perks. Able to work on some very exciting projects and learn from the best. HQ has a big college campus feel to it.
Talented teams, laser focus, shared obsession with quality, broad impact on a large user base.
Flexible company that invests in you as a resource. Ongoing training that includes lifetime learning skills.
Better than average compensation, Benefits Encouraging environment Stock options
Freedom to creatively contribute to the Company's success.
Environment, pay, people, technology, :)
The pros are that you work with great people with great hours and great benefits. It is a very fun place to work.
Good benefits, Employee discount, Stock purchase plan.
-Okay compensation -Great benefits -Work from Home
Great place to learn about all things Apple.
Discounts, awesome people, perks, flexible hours, awesome products.
Stick with them and they will treat you golden. Very nice company to work for.
It was a great opportunity to learn skills varying from technical to customer service, and helped you meet an interesting cross section of people. It also provided plenty of stories.
Big name company. Relaxed atmosphere. Generally good management.
I made some excellent friends, got consistent training.
The company really takes pride in their employees and values the education with knowing their job.
Great benefits, they are better than any other I have seen, EVER
Best pay in retail, best benefits, best colleagues
Staff was always friendly, and I enjoyed the upbeat atmosphere. It was always busy and I had a lot of practice with the customers.
Great company, great employees, overall great experience.
Workplace is awesome, people are awesome!
– Great salary – Good name for the resume – Semi-decent discounts on Apple products – Special concerts by great artists during summer Beer Bash
I enjoyed working at Apple since there was purpose (a Unix-driven OS with a great front-end GUI, consolidated Sony-like "family" of product-line, a strong leader (Steve Jobs), and of course great success in the retail market, a good framework for designing software.)
Amazing place to work for obvious reasons. You get what you put into your work and can move up if willing to work hard
Good place to start in NY.
Good experience, looks good on resume, better pay than most college jobs, benefits, work from home
good pay learn alot looks great on resume
This is a great job if you are looking to start out or in college. My review is strictly for retail so I can't speak for corporate. The benefits are fantastic and the pay is decent
Apple is the first company out of four that I've worked at that would allows me to make decision and be accountable for results. I can see the direct effect of my work.
Stable employment that is not going anyway. People will always love there apple product and always will be all over a place like apple.
Good Company to work for innovative, leading edge in consumer electronics, has methodologies to follow.
Best retail job you can ask for. Great benefits, good pay, better culture than most. Paid vacation for full-time.
- Learned a ton, lots of experience - I am now a customer service CHAMP.
-The stock purchase plan has been rewarding. -My co-workers tend to be very high quality. The average tenure is much longer here than at other companies so I tend to think most of the employees are satisfied. -The onsite caffe is great and serves healthy fare. -Employee perks are numerous and generous. (beer bashes, BBQ cookoffs, etc.)
I love working for Apple. They treat you well. The work environment is great.
Apple is a great place to work!
You learn a lot and get to network with a bunch of great people. You learn the best sales skills and how to interact well with the public.
Invest in their employees. Hard work but rewarding. Met people as co-workers and are now life time friends.
The people are amazing and the culture is great.
I've worked in retail for nearly 10 years, and I'm extremely pleased to call Apple my home. -Ability to get hired full-time right out the gate -Very good hourly wage for entry-level Retail -Promotions are dependent on your personal sales performance, if you know how to talk to people and can be open and inviting, you'll be fine at this job. -Benefits are AMAZING. Health insurance is cheap and great. Tuition reimbursement, 2 weeks vacation from the get-go, sick pay, etc. I could go on and on. -Work/Life balance. It's nice to have a life and look forward to going to work. -You get to wear jeans to work.
Fun filled environment. Great to work with knowledgeable people.
Innovative, challenging, dynamic, fast-paced, rewarding. Brand name is compelling and motivating as you are working for one of the top companies of the world.
• Highly intelligent and creative colleagues • Great mix of autonomy and support • Employees love the company and its products
excellent benefits, love to train customers because they love macs and are wonderful people! I also enjoy the people that I work with.
Good facilities and monitors and laptop
-Working from home -very open contact with manager -flexible to your situation -great pay for job skill
Apple retail offers great health benefits, product discounts, free software, lots of technical and leadership training. The store management empowers the workers to grow themselves professionally and personally. They would rather be helping you to get what you want out of life than getting reamed out by an angry customer. The pay significantly above average for retail employees.  They seem to be listening to the employees and some changes have reflected that.  When they say you can get whatever you want out of your time at Apple it is largely true but takes a lot of work and usually very creative thinking on your part.
- Work life balance and the flexibility of the schedule that can be set in place. - Challenging work, with a great outcome. Always great to be able to inspire someone and repair relationships with our customer base.
Fun open culture, always positive, cool technology, great discounts and awesome benefits and 401k packages.
Great coworkers outside of technical support team
The people are great and you learn a lot about the products.
Fun work environment. Great benefits and innovative company. A lot to do!
Apple is a growing and extremely successful company, so working hours are never really in short supply. Decent Discount Relatively Easy.
Surrounded by some of the most overqualified and fun people from very diverse backgrounds. Your team truly is your family away from home.
Unlimited advancement opportunities are limitless
Flexible hours. Very friendly management. I came in with almost 0 experience, and my manager has trained me for a good week, until I became good at my work.
Great experience, accelerated learning. You will learn a ton in a short period of time. A lot of hands on experience on real products.
The people you work with here will be friends for life. Apple has a lot of really nice people.
Great training, excellent benefits, fun environment, interesting coworkers
-Tuition reimbursement up to ~$5000/year -Great benefits -Reimbursement of some adoption expenses -Employee stock purchase program -discounts on most Apple products
It's exciting to work for a company on the forefront of technology. Leadership is always upbeat
Great technology. Fun working environment. Great way to see the inside thinking behind one of the greatest retail stores. Meet amazing people (both customers and co-workers). Management is fair, and always willing to work with you. If the store is busy, management will often allow you to extend your shift if you're willing to do so.
Benefits such as health, dental, and vision insurance. WageWorks commuter card, bike subsidies, numerous third party product discounts, and of course Apple product discounts as well.  An amazing team of talented and friendly employees who are amazing to work with.  Open communication is always encouraged and management is usually willing to listen to complaints and suggestions from employees.
Great Benefits all around, good pay and ability to grow in your career.
Professional environment and professional management style
Amazing People Good Training Great Benefits Its Like Bootcamp for real corporate america
The people you work with will be the most interesting people in the world. Apple products are incredible. The benefits are very good for a retail store. You WILL spend your first year paychecks on Apple products...at a discount.
Great culture and working environment. Opportunities for growth. Great example of how to use technology efficiently and effectively.
Management and co workers are amazing individuals to work with
-Job Stability -Open communication -Engaged workforce -Opportunity for advancement -Decent benefits -Cherish individuality -Relaxed atmosphere
Throughly enjoy working with such smart people, especially for a company that's always on the cutting edge of technology. Working for a company that so many people aspire is inspirational. There benefits are outstanding and will probably not find another company that comes close to covering my family like Apple.
Teams work together Fantastic benefits Great commute options Fun environment Young culture Opportunities to move up Very positive about positive work environment Great food
Great pay not a lot of work great work environment
Very smart people, 95% of them super dedicated to the company. Amazing products that the world loves. Feels great to work someplace where you can be so proud of what you are creating and under such a recognizable brand. People are pushing technologies not for the latest fad but for rational reasons.  I loved, loved, loved working with so many smart engineers who knew their stuff, and who demanded the best from others.  Campus has a great energy, food and other benefits are great.
I've enjoyed working with the type of people that I find in my company here with Apple.
Amazing work environment. Wonderful people. High pay for retail job. Discount is great. If you get full time the benefits are amazing and the pay gets even better.
If you were there 5 years ago, you're now rich
Unique environment. some people are very pasionate about the brand and teaching and educating prospective buyers in order for them to get the most out of their devices and ultimately themselves
if you like fast-paced, ever-changing environments this is a great company to work for. Great health benefits, salary is high for retail.
Friendly environment No pressure to "just sell" (paid hourly) Working with good people Decent pay great experience very rewarding benefits
Most of the people are friendly, Your employer is nice and treats you with respect and you are sure that they focus mainly on their goals and nothing else.
Great pay, benefits, work environment. Takes good care of employees, etc. On the job training is continuous and beneficial, and management is active and involved in growing the business. ASC position provides a lot of autonomy to manage virtual teams and networking in the way you find best fits.
Amazing people benefits for part-time (didnt have it before but now they do thanks for Employee Feedback) Good company that listens to employees You will have amazing moments with the customers . Thats for sure
Have a direct impact on the products that people use everyday. Being able to work with some of the smartest engineers in the world.
Pays well, great coworkers, good benefits, lots of learning
this place has decent pay and they have great benefits. no 90 day waiting period. can get benefits with as little at 20 hours/week work. stock options are a plus. overall a nice place to work
Fun company a lot of cool perks
You get to work in pajamas, be awesome, you don't have to drive anywhere, people are usually polite when calling Apple customer service. Your co-workers are generally awesome and you have an open chat room to ask questions.
great company reputation flexible schedules friendly staff competitive pay
Benefits are spectacular. Health, dental, vision, transportation reimbursement, education reimbursement, and even fitness reimbursement.
The benefits are great to have even when you work part time hours.The employee environment has been very friendly. Get to use a company iMac at home as well.
Apple Hardware Discount Good Benefits Reduced Priced Software
An amazing place to work. People really care about doing the right thing for the customer and the long term of the company.
People are impressed when they hear you work at Apple. Apple encourages learning, classes are offered to learn new software. They have some really fun events and guest speakers. Cupertino is a pleasant town if you are tired of the crowds and cold weather of San Francisco.
Exciting and fast-paced work environment that will challenge employees to think of solutions on their own. Self-starters will be rewarded. Fair compensation for a retail job.
Great corporate culture within the company
Your friends will have high regard for you
Cares about their employees and values
So much to learn from what you'll be doing. I've had so many life and career experiences that I wouldn't give up for anything! Amazing health benefits and the people you work with WILL be awesome!
An exciting time to be part of a growing company.
Work from home opportunities and some schedule choice provide some flexibility. Apple is best company I have worked for overall in terms of technology and support apparatus.
Pursuading the innovation in every areas Requiring close collaboration with cross functional teams
- Compensation - Great product - Enhances resume
Room for growth and development. Apple wants their employees to be knowledgeable
Move up quickly, recognized for good performance, fun contests, lots of overtime, room for growth, great pay, great benefits...  I've been with the company for 7 months and have already received a promotion due to my performance!
Great benefits Flexibility for student schedules Ability to work from home Treated with respect Opportunity to work as an individual but operate as a team as well
It's a fun place to work, the culture is entrepreneurial and everyone has a sense of mission. I definitely enjoyed working in retail versus the other division e.g. Apple Online and Apple Enterprise.
Great benefits, good pay, and the people tend to be engaging and dynamic.
The pay for retail is phenomenal. Great discounts, free software. Health care for full and part time, other wellness incentives, education reimbursement, good training.
Co-workers are smart and the best at what they do Impact of products is huge Everything you work on typically ships out to customer Highest compensation in the industry for HW workers
Great people, great work environment, lots of training opportunities. Great place to train sales technique. Very well prepare training program. Strongly recommended for students and part time work.
great environment full of smart, creative, dedicated people
Very easy Great benefits Great pay (for retail)
The people I work with. Love the product.
Fantastic facilities, top notch in terms of good working environment and the culture of the company embraces people of all types.
- Get to work with bleeding tech - Week off thanksgiving/xmas - Youthful environment, with bright minds - Good RSU package
- At least when I first started, the culture was amazing. Creativity was valued and prized. You were taught interesting things, and given projects that tickled your brain if you were interested. - The people were, and still are, some of the most amazing people you'll ever work with. - The managers who are good are absolutely brilliant, amazing, and inspiring. You'll want to jump off a cliff for them. - The onsite benefits are pretty rocking. Cafeteria, very nice gym, lovely campus, onsite Toastmasters group (at least while I was there), various employee organizations and clubs, etc. - There's a lot of growth, so if you can play the politics game, you have a bright future ahead of you
Good place to work and they take care of you.
Ok benefits, fun environment, lenient scheduling.
Interview Details – Phone Interview followed by in person interview on one day. Meet with three different people and one video conference.
It was a second job and I always said "If I have to have a second job, I am really glad this is the job"...
Favorite job ever. Loved the atmosphere and you were set up for success. Learned so much about sales and the field.
Some of the best people I have worked with. Talented, creative, and just a joy to be around (not including management). Had they not been there, I would not have stayed for as long as I did.
Get to work on amazing new stuff that actually ships. Tens of millions of people run my code every day in their iPhone, iPad or Mac. Worked with and learned from the best people in the industry. Tons of mutual respect for all fellow employees. Confidence: you are at Apple.. If it can be done, then we can do it.
The people that work at Apple. The customers who come to Apple stores. Always in need of people. Very rarely is there a dull moment. Great discounts. Great benefits.
Great culture, fast paced, thrives on feedback & implements positive change
Greate facility and health benifits
Got to be a part of some of the most iconic launches of this generation. Worked with an extremely talented group of people. Got to help a lot of people.
OK discounts on products and winter holiday shutdown period adds to your vacation days.
-Great flexibility for work schedule if your going to school or need specific days off -discount -don't have to wait in line for tech support
Smart people, management that cares
Fun for your first job out of college
Great benefits (money, health, free stuff, Apple discounts) Wonderful people, almost every employee can tell you why they joined and why they stay, we are working towards a greater purpose. As Steve stated "I want to put a ding in the universe." Tim's the same way socially responsible, innovative, and a wonderful captain for this ship! Great flexibility and drive for excellence, Apple culture is like nothing else you add driven people to wonderful ideas and you get at all levels a drive for excellence. Again as Steve stated we all need to "be the yardstick of quality." We make products that change the world and the individual's quality of life, who else can really say that?
Awesome people, fun environment, and the latest technology
Being part of the great products that Apple makes
The people they hire are the most talented, fun, overachievers you can find. There's no surprise being hired by Apple looks good on a resume. Their focus on hiring based on personality and then training may be their greatest success.
If you love the products then there's no better place to work. Very good benefits. It can be a fun diverse place to work. Career opportunities as long as you put your time in and do your job well.
- amazing work place - leadership listens to employees ' ideas - the job will change your personality ( in a very very good way )
Surrounded by a creative and open environment. The training program develops an individuals ability to face unknown circumstances in stressful situations as well as how to address other peoples (customers) concerns. A very good experience.
It provides Geniuses and Creatives a great opportunity to learn everything Apple.
No pressure sales environment, selling a quality products that people want.
Great place to work, smart people, money isn't an issue when it comes to the 'right' choice
Professional and sophisticated atmosphere. Chance to work on cutting edge products. Ability to work with best in the field. Great facilities and benefits. Amazing cafeteria food that is healthy and tasty.
Managers actually care about creating a great work environment. Co-workers tend to be interesting, intelligent people. Also you get to work with the greatest consumer electronics products on the planet.
You mostly work with the most talented and smartest people in Silicon Valley
Fun environment, challenging, engaging, enthusiastic--a great group are attracted to work there
Really great place to work for those who want to work in retail. Fairly easy to move up if you apply yourself.
You will learn so much from working for Apple. They will give you free training that you can apply to any job you might ever get in the future.  The People you work with are awesome. I work in a store of over 100 people and I can honestly say I like 98% of them! Its like working with your best friends and having fun at work!
Committed employees, Superior training. You get to work with cutting edge technology and systems.
Great benefits for an entry level, understanding management, and potential for advancement.
Some of the best benefits available in a retail job.
- In general, almost everyone I've worked with is much smarter than an average employee at some other company. - Great beer bashes with awesome free food - Caffe macs, although not free, serves amazing gourmet quality good. The only problem is, I've gained a lot of weight! - Tons of work around...wide exposure to lots of IT systems. I've learned SO much in the past couple of years here and I continue to learn something new everyday. - People love to innovate and find creative solutions to everyday problems, however small. - Nothing but high quality of work is expected - Small teams. So you have a bigger chance to get noticed for your work. The only problem is, everybody is a rock star. - Good opportunities to take job related training - my manager always encourages me to take as many related courses as I want. The difficult part is taking the time out to do this. - Fair performance review process + cash bonus + RSUs.
Apple offers amazing training courses.
Apple has great and knowledgeable people that create an environment where you strive to do your best. The employee purchase plan is generous and there are stock options.
Work with some great people selling some of the coolest stuff.
Trainings , certifications, discounts, network, customer service
Lots of smart people who come from a diverse background.
Apple employee discount when available is nice
They are so great to work for and are eager to help in any way they can with any issue.
Worked from home, other than that there are no pros.
Flexibility, hours, perks, technology, hours, people You will not get a chance to work with so many wonderful people anywhere else.
Great people to work with
Very known company, looks great on your resume.
Easy working from home, decent pay for a college student, plenty of opportunities for overtime, great holiday pay, great PTO, random presents sent to your house
Great company ethics and standards, truly values both employees and customers, amazing culture
Passionate people. Innovative and entrepreneurial culture.
Innovative culture and impossible to get fired
You work with really smart people who are doing things better than almost anyone else in the industry. You gain several years of experience for every year you're there.
Great co-workers. Good environment. Made a lot of friends. Pay Decent.
low stress level, offices with doors, good pay, everyone says 'wow' when you tell them where you work.
Ive had the opportunity to travel many times with apple. pay is good for the work you do, your coworkers are amazing
Laid back environment Supportive management Awesome coworkers, employees are mostly hired based on personality Fun workplace Food catered in for launches, holidays, and store meetings, occasional 'field trips' Easy to get coverage for time off Plenty of opportunities for personal development Health benefits, stock options, company matched 401k, gym/ transportation subsidies, etc
Great people, great foundation in the company
Work from home Good Benefits they really take care of their employees
Great people. People for the most part generally care about customers needs and each other. Great opportunity for a younger person (25 and younger) looking for a career.
I met a lot of neat people who are still friends. I got a great employee discount. I learned the ways of Apple.
Great co-workers. Good environment. Made a lot of friends. Pay Decent.
For a part time job there are great benefits, same as if you worked full time.
Great people working their, great customers coming in and awesome products. You get to play with the latest technologies when they come out.
Excellent benefits and healthcare coverage, cool and interesting coworkers, good company culture. Real opportunity for advancement if you're driven and interested.
Felt like I was getting paid to befriend and teach some amazing people. I loved the products since the 80s and the environment was electric, exciting and there was a lot of love at my store despite 3 management changes in 4 years.
Direct Feedback from supervisors and peers Extremely Fast Paced Retail Opportunity for Growth Discounts on Products Interaction with Customers
Very unique and fast paced environment.
-Decent pay for a part time retail job (you will work hard for it) -Lot's of training opportunities -On average most colleagues are intelligent
Engaging work environment with creative-minded peers. Bragging rights. Being forced to embrace change. Health care coverage. Benefits. Free software.
The people there are amazing and it is really easy to make friends. You find that you fall into a niche somewhere within the store. You never have to work overnight, and there is always a lot of free food
- Mostly easygoing people - They work around your schedule (except for weekends) - Random gifts (though normally on holidays)
You will work with the best people. Everywhere I have traveled with this company, I have found that the people are top quality - no matter if its at headquarters in California or a remote store somewhere. The pay on the retail side is very good for retail, and you get to work with some of the coolest products in the world.
Mentorship with some of the best individuals in the field
Different, constantly new material, never boring
It is a good place to get good overall experience.
Work on the latest products available. Awesome, smart co-workers who know what they are doing. Great enviornment to work in.
Clear communication from recruiter about job role and hiring process.
Decent pay, good benefits, fun environment
Great people to work with, motivating corporate culture.
challenge, stimulating co-workers, public recognition
A great company that is perceived as prestigious to gather up a ton of experience. The name alone certainly grabs the attention of other I.T. firms quickly and respectfully.
Many opportunities to take on multiple tasks to keep one's self challenged.
discounts, benefits, culture, team, hours.
Work on the coolest products in the world. Learn a lot of stuff every day.
Great pay, hands on with amazing technology.
Innovation, Collaborative environment, Teamwork, Culture, Values
Work life balance is good.
A place for personally development. Awesome technology to work on. Good opportunity to grow your network. Work around some amazing people.
The company is incredibly customer-focused, providing best-of-breed service and support, and wonderfully made products. Gained a great deal of customer service experience, both as a salesperson and as a technician.
great people smart and capable
- Great People - Great Benefits - Good Pay - Great Culture ( If you "drink the apple juice")
Great company, and Great People Good opportunity for the right person Get to work from home Great Benefits
Wether you are a technophile, Art/design admirer or just love your iPhone, Apple is an amazing place to work. They have a great medical, 401K, stock benefits program and employee discount. You will always be on the cutting edge of technology.
Great products, things I'm proud to own and recommend to other people.
Really cool and creative coworkers.
Great products, great products, great products.
Able to regularly get products out the door that hundreds of millions of people use everyday.
Laid back atmosphere Individualistic Value your innovation/input
Good Pay Can Work From Home Nice Benefits and Perks Managers were pretty cool
Good teamwork, everyone is like a family.
Your colleagues are energetic and fun, the work is demanding but fun, and they give you great experience and training
May be somewhere you get a satisfaction of working for big tech company
Great company culture Great talent Great execution You feel like you can accomplish anything you need to at Apple You get to learn the "secret sauce" that makes Apple great
Community atmosphere, excellent teamwork, a lot of fun, great stock purchase plan, excellent products
Apple is challenging, exciting, fun, and prepares you for any career whether with Apple or not. You will learn life skills not just tech or customer service skills. Great benefits from healthcare to transit subsidy, gym reimbursement, 401k and stock plan.
can use latest apple products for free and can learn new tech. travel condfition is good, business calss and 5 star hotels.
Its Apple...do you need any other reason
The company pays its employee a lot and you also have lots of extra things other than the regular salary. A great company to work with. Food is awesome!
Exceptionally talented and bright employees, excellent resume builder.
exposure to new technologies and future trends
- Great products and new technology to work with - Learn to leverage Apple's huge supply chain influence to get what you want quickly - Business class travel and 5-star hotels
Great benefits, Employee Discounts, and Lunch
awesome people helping you out
Working at Apple is a very unique experience. There are certain things that are expected of you but you'd find that in any customer facing job. You get autonomy and the chance to direct your own growth path within the company. The people here care about you and make it very easy to care about them.
Great management. Clear understanding of job duties were stated from the beginning.
This company has been making the best products, so exciting place to be. Always new project, innovations, etc, and you can be very creative to participate to it.
Very challenging environment, where you might impact millions of people, do great things and "change the world" in your own little way. You'll learn very valuable lessons in how a big company is still trying to operate as a startup
The People, Wholistic Philosophy and Benefits are beautiful!
they hire good people, full time benefits are good
- Innovative company - Always something new going on - Great salary and benefits - Stable company
discounts, can wear what ever you want
Apple discount is ok. When you start, you will receive a $500 bonus to be used every 3 years so buy something immediately. 25% off one item from each product family per year - desktop, ipads, iphone, etc. 15% for up to three friends every year. If you work in IS&T and you love project management, then this is for you.
Great working environment with awesome an awesome team!
The best people Great benefits Room to grow your passion
Amazing co-workers, innovative workplace, clean workplace, amazing benefits, health insurance, stocks, 401K
flexible hours, no pressure, decent discount
Fellow employees. Apple hires a very specific set of people and if you're one of them, you'll love it.
Fun work environment, customer interaction, good corporate culture, high quality management, flexible hours
When you work for Apple, you are working with a group of people that are absolutely amazing. Great customer focus, intelligent, driven, communicative...it's just awesome. The leadership team is great, when they have the time to provide direction.
Incredible work place. Easy to excel if you put your mind and personality into the work. Lots of great, fun, unique, and smart people there.
Best learning experience in the Valley.
If you love Apple technology, love talking to people, and embrace personal and professional development, this is a great job for young people. Great benefits.
The pay and benefits are very competitive. Excellent training. Management is friendly but keeps employees motivated.
Discounts, working with amazing people, they really know how to hire.
Benefits, pay, discounts, and after all...it's Apple.
Amazing career development opportunities. Great management team.
The pay is great, it's a fun environment to work in, Apple works hard to find only the best people to work with. Get to sell some of the best technology in the world. Apple has her own way of changing with their customers to make it I'm like a used car lot
Nurturing retail environment. The retail arm of Apple is embraced by the corporate arm, Apple retail employees work for Apple, as such you can get a corporate badge and attend events on campus in Cupertino.
Flexible Schedule, Plenty of Perks for Part-Time work, Great Pay and Thriving Environment
Some of the smartest people I've had the privilege of calling my coworkers. A meritocracy in the truest sense of the word.
Diverse work experience and an opportunity to take ownership of the role.
Great products. Smart, affable people. Great culture.
Apple is great to build experience with sales. Encouraging management. Clearly articulated goals. Amazing onboarding and training program. Discounts. Camaraderie amongst co-workers. Engaging with customers and helping them learn something new.
The people that I work with are some of the smartest individuals that I know.
Clear career path Employee empowerment solid core for everyone to follow Development heavy
Good reputation and brand name Decent compensation
Great benefits, Great Product, Talented employees and friends that will last a lifetime.
We actually get paid to make the products that people around the world are excited to open on Christmas morning.
Dynamic to work in this company
Good benefits, nice social aspect
Being the forefront of technology, being part of company who continues to innovate and push the envelope of personal computers. Also being part of a company that makes products that bring joy to many people, including myself. Having a sense of pride when new products are introduced, and being able to show people how it works.
Learned the software of the iOS inside and out
Apple has great benefits, including the Employee Stock Purchase Program, awesome health care, regular Employee Enrichment events (beer bashes, etc.), and a relaxed atmosphere with no dress code… If you excel in your position, it is normal (almost expected) that you will be able to move to a higher position in an area that interests you. The management staff is really good, as is the management style of Apple in general.
-Everyone Seems to care for each other -Long breaks -Decent Pay -For those interested, opportunities to move up.
Fun to be at Apple
Lots of energetic young and interesting people.
No need to work for commission.
Other employees, relaxed work culture, fun product to sell.
Always busy working with talented people, making you run to keep up with your peers. There's a buzz of excitement. Beer bashes and appearances by big0name artists keep alive a fun silicon valley tradition.
Good place to work for
Discounts Experience People you work with Customers Culture Opportunity to grow in your role
Fun teams, good benefits, working from home.
Great people to work with Discount on products Working for the best electronics company in the world.
laid back work environment, great technology, cool smart coworkers and its Apple
great training. great benefits great friendly culture
Great atmosphere, they give you the tools to accomplish goals. Training was very good Benefits are outstanding
big focus and clear management help creating products.. but creates friction on people
Job satisfaction. It's wonderful to work with people who are really good at what they do. If you're not sure of something, there's always an expert to call on.
It seems to be good for resume. People believe that Apple is hot.
you get to meet a lot of great people since you are always in the public eye. You get to play with great technology and leran a lot from peers and customers. Employees are a lot of fun and very intelligent and artistic in their own right. The management seems to care about the employees wellbeing generally
sleep thru my shift, and training
The culture and the enthusiasm that the Apple Culture promotes is no lie, people love Apple products and the excitement is contagious. You bond with your co workers and work together to find great solutions for customers.
- Work on world-changing products that have great design and strong technology. - Very talented people that know their stuff. - Good benefits.
They treat us very well. pay is great. love the people
cool products, fun store environment
Excellent pay, benefits, casual work environment, flexible schedules.
You can make a dent in the Universe, and you will be proud of getting up everyday.
Great people, excellent chemistry, genuine support
You get to work with a decent number of dedicated people who believe in their work, especially in junior positions.
You work with a lot of great and smart people
Positive work environment, very casual dress code, great benefits and terrific company culture.
worked with some great people
Great software and hardware products Work is fast paced and tons of work if you can drink at the fire hose. Work is self directed (good and bad)
Can be fun somewhat, but don't expect a warm fuzzy "welcome to the family" approach after your 2nd month. It's ok in the beginning, but the claws come out around the 3rd month.
Well Supported. Ever Changing Job. Well paid
Innovative company with friendly people.
THe technology that apple has produced are amazing and getting to share my knowledge with the people in the community is a really fun experience.
Highest echelon of retail sales and services Benefits for part time include 100$/month commuter master card, health insurance, stock options, and 401k contribution. Pay is good for retail position, however I would argue that more is expected from Apple employees than just basic retail services - so I would also argue that although pay is good technically, more would be justified. Personal Discount is nice.
Very talented co-workers, clout of Apple brand is great. Learn to work in a very fast paced, demanding environment.
Great people and atmosphere, some room to move up.
Working in Apple Retail allowed me to have a flexible schedule so I could focus on my studies during college. I met a ton of people from all over the world, all walks of life, and really just was able to engage with individuals about their technology that I would otherwise not have the opportunity to meet. I learned quite a lot about Apple technology, computers and enterprise set ups in general, and was trained thoroughly on the technologies I was expected to support. I had fun co-workers and they helped to support one another in their customer encounters, as well as educate. Overall I had a positive learning experience there, and while some days the interactions were not top notch, or I had to deal with an irate client, I eventually learned a great deal of patience, empathy and humility from my peers.
Friendly atmosphere, easy to enjoy work, strong coworker bond. Frequent workshops to help boost employee knowledge and skills.
Fantastic Products, great talent, fast paced... good for young college students.
This is generally a great place to work, but keep it in perspective. It's retail, not everyone's dreamland. Working with customer's was entertaining and sometimes challenging. Not to mention being surrounded by Apple nerds, which I consider fun.
Company is not going anywhere, it will last another 10 years for sure. Employee discounts on some cool products. Other employees are great to work with.
Strong corporate culture, lots of perks, events, and other means of breaking up the work day.
Working on the latest and most innovative products. Great people to work with.
Pros of working at Apple include good retirement benefits, a casual culture, inspiring people with high degrees of knowledge in their field, and transparency.
It's apple. Good benefits. all the standards plus more. You get to be part of a technology advancing company.
If your sweet spot is the intersection of media and tech, and creating products there - it is the place to be.
its always try to do more and more
Flexible Hours, decent pay, work from home, Good experience
-Can get a lot of hours as a part-time employee -Valuable experience -Fun culture -Be the first to play with new Apple products -Feel like part of a team -Competitive wages
The colleagues are encouraging and very helpful. Everyone is willing to help each other as much as possible. You do not make commission, therefore everyone is focused on one goal: finding the right solution for the customer
Progressive and technological company. New products - Macbook Air, Macbook Pro, Mac Mini, iMac, new iPad, new iPad Mini, iPhone5 are the most marketable in the world
Thorough training program with great trainers, Wonderful and talented employees from all walks of life, Continuous learning opportunities, Fair pay for being retail, and Great benefits.
Challenging environment, chance for great interface with customers, awesome brand and product line to represent.
- great benefits - great people -customer focus
-Better pay than many retail jobs. -Lots of cool coworkers with a diverse range of talents (professional photographers, artists, designers, musicians, teachers, etc.) -Get to be part of the Apple craze, if that's your sort of thing. -Fairly flexible hours. -Good benefits, even for part-timers.
Really great products to work on, exciting opportunities and smart interesting people to work with. There is a strong culture of focusing on the end-user experience and not irrationally obsessing with features/technology.
Excellent exposure, quite a learning experience.
Training is the best around. Advancement is determined by performance not by experience. Family atmosphere. Best technology in the world
Employee benefits are good, covers domestic partnerships. Employee discounts on products and with partner companies like AT&T, Verizon, accessories companies.
Great benefits Good pay Nice culture, depending on the store
Great job with great benefits, I learn something everyday.
Innovative Company Allows Middle Management Discretion to Make Decisions
I absolutely loved the people I met every day, the experiences involved in product launches and the general positive attitude every employee had, as well as every customers surprise and delight when you showed them something Apple technology could do better than the competition.
Flexibility, freedom to innovate, great culture, supportive, and very progressive.
working with people, team, managers. i like working with computers and technology as well.
Customers are enthusiastic for Apple products, and working in an Apple store is fun. I never felt that I sold anything. Instead I got to spend time talking with customers and helping them make informed decisions. I made great friends working at the store, and met a lot of interesting people.
Great co-workers, interesting work environment, and very supportive managers. If you're willing to learn, someone will teach you, even if it's not Apple-related.
Full benefits from day one. Pretty good hourly rate for a retail gig.
The Apple name carries great weight Lots of resources
Passionate people, great benefits, cool people.
Great hours, always someone in need of tech support. Managerial role where i get to put my boss hat on and fix some issues with iphones and ipads
Co-workers are so amazing. Love working with them. A place we can laugh and have fun, while still getting things accomplished.
Lots of fresh talent in these stores. I learned so much within the course of three years. Made a lot of friends for life in this company. They love to promote from within.
Very smart people, amazing culture. people think of innovation, take it as a challenge and do it beyond everybody's expectations.
Great product and awesome environment
Great company. Excellent benefits. Innovative products.
team work and satisfying coffee during breaks
Get to work on new cool stuff
Great place to network. Apple software certifications are free. Discount on products.
Excellent training. Nice discounts. The Company provides good benefits to its Full and Part time employees.
great healthcare, responsive bosses, small enough that people care, but large enough to move positions and have something new to do
Great! It was an rewarding place to work at.
Great opportunities and fantastic resume builder. Apple has a lot of opportunity for education which will allow future job opportunities. Good benefits.
Apple builds amazing products millions of people love. Working as an engineer on those products is both challenging and rewarding. Great campus Smart colleagues
Great people, Great products, work environment that supports growth and outside the box thinking.
-No work outside of business hours -Solid time off policies -If you don't like challenging you may enjoy this
Apple is always willing to support your dreams and aspirations. If you are a hard worker and want to succeed they will help you find your niche.
Good benefits, great co-workers, get to work with highly coveted, technologically advanced products.
- Flexible - Understanding of Student Schedules
Very supportive environment, constantly learning newest technology, stock purchase options, 401k, medical, discounts on almost all merchandise. Very creative and relaxed environment, friendly co-workers and managers. Fast paced environment, people are mostly happy and want to be there. No complaining from co-workers. Bright atmosphere to work in. CO-workers very diverse range of backgrounds.
Products Products Products Products Products!!!!
Great discounts On the job learning/training Stay on top of tech news
Apple has an awesome company culture, and they give really great benefits to their employees, and working at Apple retail is by far the BEST retail experience you can get.
Nice environment, paid training for supported products
•Great people •Good benefits •Better starting pay than most retail jobs •They encourage you to be yourself.  I had the opportunity of working in a large store where there was lots of space to move around and pass the hours. I had a great time, and Apple kept things new and interesting (although I was there for less than a year). If your store does well you may even get a few perks.
-Great team to work with -Nice Apple and 3rd Party Discounts -Benefits for Full Time and to some extent, part time (Public Transit vouchers as an example) -Get to be very personable with customer in helping with a purchase -Pay is higher than most retail stores
Apple is one of the most admired companies in the world. Many of the benefits given to corporate employees trickle over to retail employees.
Great community, good benefits, reasonable pay, constant access to new technology, constant ability to give feedback to other employees
Great benefits (health insurance, 401k, stock purchase plan, discounts, etc.) Flexible schedule (kinda) Great coworkers and team environment Innovative environment Helping customers (lots of them) Pay not based on commission
Good benefits, products and services to be proud of. Apple has a strong commitment on producing awesome products and customer's experience and not just on making money. The isolation and compartmentalized environment makes it feel like working for a start up within a big company. This allow Apple to move very fast for a large company.
Great cafe, high compensation, nice equity price
I made the best friends of my entire life working here. Apple knows how to hire amazing people. This is the only pro.
Great Co-workers and the envirnement is high energy!
Interesting work, always around new technology, occasionally great customer interactions
They have amazing benefits and "learn at your own pace" training that really lets you dig deeper if you want to. I feel like I could read all day about my job and never learn enough!
Worked at home, flexible with schedules, good pay.
full motivation with the ability to work at any place with anyone freely and have a great understanding with each other so that you can develop something new and an innovative product
There is much to like and enjoy about working at Apple. The product you work on will likely have high visibility and used by millions of consumers. While the company is huge, the individual teams tend to be rather small, which helps with rapid iteration and development cycles. The environment is fast-paced. As many of the products are new and cutting-edge, there are plenty of challenges to face and most individual contributors tend to take on a lot of responsibility.
Innovation, great people, and you really feel like you're someplace that's changing the world. I loved it there.
Great Company Values, people are interesting and fun to work with.
Fun place the people are great and some of the most creative people anywhere...The environment is charged and the discounts are pretty good.
Innovative company,very casual and social work environment while still striving for excellence. Great products, and you'll meet a lot of unique and talented individuals while working there. When I was exposed to the corporate side of things when getting genius certifications, it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. The corporate and non-retail side of Apple is magnificent.
A very good prospect for future.
great people, interesting work, exposure
Generally great people. Definitely reasonable income. Sense of purpose to the world.
Intelligent co-workers, fair pay and pleasent working environment
Amazing corporate culture, looks great on any resume, decent pay, be proud of what you do
free t-shirts. candy and a vacation once a year.
Cultural Diversity, Acceptance, Passion, Believing in their people, opportunity, fun, ownership, selfless
great people and culture and lots of stuff to learn. they invest alot of time and money to make sure you are able to help customers and other team members
Its a very fluid work environment, and definitely different than any place I've ever worked, the interview process was fun and engaging.
Apple's commitment to customer service is what I love most about the job. I feel empowered to do whatever it takes to make it right for the customer and I get zero push back from management when I do so. Perhaps this is unique to our management team, but it is what I truly love about the job.
Working at the Apple Store is a fun and energetic experience. Every customer who comes in the door has different needs and different problems. Finding the solution that fits that customer is very rewarding. The company treats it's employees well and promotes training for advancement inside or outside the company. The benefits help offset the low retail pay. Insurance for full or part time workers, 401k, profit sharing and product discounts are nice benefits.
learned alot of valuable information about apple software, worked with some amazing people
Empowered to make big business decisions even at the lowest level within the company. Every company has red tape, but Apple seems to have a lot less of it. GREAT management (how often do you hear that).You get to work on the most interesting and state of the art consumer products, and once you're here it really drives you... Since you see the direct result of your hard work. Despite the secrecy legend, I think Apple does a good job at letting employees see the big picture because it enables folks to be more effective. They really make you feel special with excellent compensation, shuttles that navigate thru brutal silicon valley traffic, etc. that being said this is an extremely expensive area to live, so it's not going to be easy to find an affordable place to purchase .... But renting is no issue.
people were great, I loved my team. I always call them my apple family the atmosphere was fun and energetic! management provided a lot of opportunity for growth and learning
- Getting to work on the latest and greatest wireless gadgets - iPhone/iPads - Getting the opportunity to work on latest wireless technologies such as LTE, IMS, SIP - Opportunity to work with multiple groups of people - QA, dev, product/project management, external vendors, hardware, network operators - Being able to build products that people LOVE to use
Great co-workers, supportive and creative environment, famous brand with tons of customer loyalty, great benefits,
Discounts / Perks from Apple & other companies. Fast paced and sometimes fun environment. Breaks are valued and encouraged. You really learn so much! You get a little education.
Great place to work! Very good work ethics. Things move too fast to waste time with drama or people who don't contribute… they get fired fast. From an IT standpoint, you get 100% control of your own system(s)!
Basically was life training, the varied interactions (and customers) teach you how to approach lots of different situations. You might become more outgoing as a result of working there. You also get the opportunity to learn a ton about technology. Worth it if you are willing to put the time in.
Fun, good discounts, good people, great perks. There was opportunity to grow and visit Cupertino for certification, but I only wanted part-time work. Plenty of free software, discounts on products from third-parties, and even cellphone service.
Job security, benefits and convenient. They hire anyone which could be a con but it is nice to be a graduate with an Art Degree and have a job.
Best working environment and respect individual
Work environment unlike any other. People around you are unlike any other their all a great single individuals, it's hard to believe they can have so many great people in one place.
I really enjoy my co-workers in Apple Retail. My position is a Technician, perhaps better known as "Genius." The products and services are well aligned to customer needs, and there is no pressure to be "salesy"... we're simply there to help people out with their Apple products.
The Benefits are truly amazing... They cover so much... They give you $100 for commuting every month, pay 150 of your gym membership, health is awesome... The people are great, both customers and co-workers. You're given different things on different days to do (Phone room, Greeter, Personal Set Up, etc) Pay is excellent as well!
Cool technology Opportunity for advancement is okay Decent Pay If you do your time (1 year) with Volt and are not a total loser you will be badged. Get your badge and then look for better jobs in the company, just be prepared to be put through 10-15 interviews. If you can fog a mirror, you can get on as a contractor around the holidays.
Culture, if you don't get it do not apply to this company.
Great brand name Nice benefits Satisfaction in working for a company you love as a brand.
- Great Engineering Challenges Atmosphere - Awesome perks, pay and bonuses (STOCKS :)) - Good growth perspectives for engineering and engineering management roles - Amazing Job security - Great work environment (top notch equipment, your surrounded by tones of cool gadgets and you can request for almost anything yo need at work)
The benefits are amazing! And it's nothing like working for the #1 company in the world! The resources for making it a pleasant place to work is endless.
It's a fast pace environment so things are always changing and you continue to learn. It's a great culture and you are treated like family. The staff is well compensated.
You will not get any better in RETAIL. Opportunity to grow EVEN from the lowest position. They want you to succeed. Retail employees have the best benefits and are treated as an interregnal part of overall success. great discounts. Resume booster.
Great opportunities - if you work hard and are talented you'll do well here
-Great people to work with -Ability to learn about the OS and its features -Discounts
Great pay lots of good people Interesting work
Working at Apple will reward you with outstanding training, remarkable opportunities, highly likable co-workers, opportunities for advancement and exposure to bright, challenging customers.
Some of the more interesting products and designs that one could hope to work on.
learn how to sell, learn how to enrich lives, have fun. If they paid enough, I'd stay there forever!
Creative, innovative, fast paced and exciting. The best products in the world. Only perfection is acceptable. Salary/benefits are competitive. RSUs.
Get to work with the BEST products, and really see every scenario imaginable in the tech world through your experience with customers, it's amazing to see how innovative people as a whole are. Also get to work with cool personalities, who do cool things
Great people. Great products to work on! Excellent compensation.
Best pay in retail Cool Co workers Cool benefits Interesting customers
Work cutting edge technology, fair compensation, RUS.
People who I work with in the store is amazing, very knowledgeable & very supportive. The system supports you and try to make your job as easy as it could be. It's amazing when you put all great & smart people together. If you love a fast pace environment, this is the place for you.
they really care about the customers and empower their employees to help them. you don't feel faceless there they always are pushing and helping you achieve your goals, there is always room to advance
401K, stock options, vacation, 5K p/y for school... all the standard corporate benefits.
Good benefits, good co-workers, nice physical store
very good management fun work environment
Cool products and awesome staff. This is perfect for current college students. Great benefits.
good pay, amazing working environment, good teamwork, chance for innovation, employee subsidies.
Amazing development, comprehensive analysis into your competencies, chances to progress within the organization.  They take very good care of us, give us adequate breaks, compensation is amazing.
Pay, Benefits, work, discounts, friends, learning and your able to work for different stores in different areas.
Great for a people person Interacting with many people and amazing products Helping others Great Benefits Working for the most prominent tech company around
I love working with people and the products that I love! The store is very well run and they only hire people who the know will do the job.
On the job training, access to pro software tools, great benefits and perks
Amazingly talented co-workers. Great opportunities to work with, repair, learn and teach cutting edge technologies and equipment. Fun environment, to learn and work within. Lots of resources for learning, feedback about work environment, managers etc... Great training and mentoring by management and leaders. Decent perks and full benefits for full time employees and par timers that have been employed for a year.
love the people, lots of hard work but fun
Discounts are good, but limited.
You get to work with some of the best people in the industry, and the things you work on really make a difference.
Work at home atmosphere is unparalleled
Competitive pay and good benefits for full time staff plus great discounts and free copies of select Apple software.
Apple really makes sure their employees have the tools they need to do their job well. From the office furniture to the cafeteria offerings, computers, and little perks like state of the art gyms and luxury shuttles with wifi that take us to and from work, they really make us feel special.
Co-workers are sharp, fun, and usually work well as a team. Management very much cares about your personal development, and if you show ambition and dedication you will do well.
Great place to meet individuals with various talents especially in the Creative industry.
Great products and projects to work on Mission feeling even in the most small activities
Smooth and flexible working hours.
Benefits, how they treated employees, discounts. Apple I a very respected company and looks great on your resume. Great work for college students.
Great people, great technology, great benefits, great pay!
Commuter benefits 401k Cool people to work with
Advancement, amazing coworkers, greatest technology available
- Less burearacracy than many/most companies - Many passionate and very smart people - Always looking to innovate and never settle - Very challenging environment
You manage your own success. Job is very demanding but very rewarding. You will accomplish things you never thought possible.  Most importantly, you get to be apart of a very elite team. I have never met a weak link at Apple that has lasted. Team is extremely strong and you'll feel proud to be apart of it.
Can be fun place to work. Excellent benefits and discounts. You will make new friends that last beyond your time employed at Apple
One can lLearn new and important things. which is necessary for his future life/
I loved working at Apple over all. Great products. Steady shifts. No commission pressure - which helped me focus on helping customers and not trying to meet my commission stats. High energy. Apple did try to offer various career paths to fit their individual employee's needs and long term goals.
it is basically great to work with apple.
Because Apple Retail is such a diverse setting, I met interesting people I never would have met in my life. You also never have to work on a PC. Stock purchase plan and employee discounts are amazing and almost makes up for low retail pay. On your feet all day, which is great exercise, I walked 6 mi a day around the store.
Very fast paced, challenging environment.
Great company, great products, fun co-workers, usually okay customers, decent pay for retail. Customers can really get to know you, which is good for some people, bad for others. I made lifelong friends while working there. Slight employee discount, which isn't better than the Student Discount they do once a year. It's easy to get caught up in living in the ever present hype of the Apple machine, which can be really fun and exciting. It's also nice to always meet new people every day. It's nice selling products that really live up to their promise.
Decent discount, good benefits, fun products
It's great to be part of a company that creates some of the best products in the world. Employee Discounts Health/Medical Meet new people everyday
I enjoy working at apple due to the following reasons: flexible work schedule, fantastic management, fun environment, fantastic benefits.
Apple has one of the best conceived and articulated customer support standards in the electronics industry. So, assisting customers to fulfill their various needs is generally easy, and does not require the customer to be a computer engineer to comprehend and master. Apple gathers an enormous amount of customer usage data and translates that into constant tweaks to improve its products and offerings for customers. That makes my role of offering customer service particularly easy.   Additionally, Apple has an open hiring policy that allows people of any age, gender, race, sexual orientation to work for them, as long as they can offer excellent customer service. And, Apple offers several directions and lots of opportunity for self-development once a person is onboard.
On-going training opportunities, great salary, fantastic benefits, there are always ways to find out how to better your experience. Supervisors are on hand and eager to assist when needed. Apple also allows you the freedom to work independently and add your own touch/personality to each experience.
The pay is nice, the benefits are good, the work environment is very organized and professional!
- Work on amazing products - Work with amazing people - Pride in the work that you do - Huge gain in professional knowledge - Experience makes you hirable anywhere else
Got to work with a lot of "veterans" who are experts in their field
Energetic, professional, challenging, and lots of opportunity fir those who make them.
The staff there are a good bunch, there is the possibility for a lot of training and internal career development. Good company, with high quality products that you can stand behind and believe in.
Great medical benefits Great vacation & sick time (for full-time employees) "Fun" work environment - you work with a wide variety of people from all walks of life
- Employees are taken care of well. - Great communication between supervisors and employees. - Working for Apple.
Some of the smartest, most creative individuals I've ever worked with. Being at the forefront of new technology. Popularity nearly border lined to stardom.
Exciting work that impacts a LOT of people. Operates more like a (collection of) startups rather than a big company.
Size. Apple is run like a bunch of small companies (work groups). When your job gets old and boring - and they all eventually do - it is easy to move within the company to get a fresh outlook without having to change employers completely. Likewise, if you need to stretch or improve your skill set, there are plenty of opportunities for advancement.
Apple is a very innovative, progressive company..however, for as large as they are, they are a strictly revenue driven company, not sales driven...
Fun, relaxed place to work on the surface. Decent benefits- available to part time as well as full time employees immediately upon hiring. Pay slightly above average retail.
Professionally challenging Rewarding, both intellectually and financially Company is hyper-focused
Never a dull moment. A culture of driven performers who refuse to see obstacles in their way as being limiting, while they push Apple forward. Feels like a family at times, because of how hard everyone works and how closely aligned we all are to the vision. Constant innovation begets constant change. Work closely with an incredibly talented and motivated group of people. A chance to change the course of the world through technology.
Innovative in all areas. You are always part of the cutting edge. After years in the Marines I felt like I was part of another team again.
Great work environment, people, products and company. For a college student you get an opportunity to learn, get paid well and have a nice benefits package. And the discounts aren't bad either.
Lots of interesting problems to work on, many different areas to work in, and a ton of smart people who have been working there for ages.  The pay is competitive, the stock price is skyrocketing, and the benefits are on par with the rest of the valley.
Very easy and fun Job
Work is fun and the atmosphere as great, but its gotten increasingly harder to get promoted to anything making a substantial amount of money - don't expect to be a manager or even a genius if you start in sales
Great people, great environment, excellent employer support.
Good stock price. Competitive compensation.
Everyone who works at the Apple Store are very interesting and passionate and having something to say. Genunely interesting people, if not a bit lost.
The benefits are great. The fun work environment makes the day go by quickly.
Drinking the Apple Juice right from the beginning. Training is great. The products sell themselves. Is not commission based, at all.
The respect I feel for the organization's business practices/innovative products, the respect Apple has for its customers/employees/global responsibilities, great benefits, great working environment, Apple is just cool..
Great Pay/Benefits, wonderful opportunity for growth.
It was always rewarding to come to work at a place that filled people with excitement and wonder. I was able to train people on how to use their devices for the first time and felt a strong sense of pride in knowing you had enabled a student who had never used a computer before.
Higher pay than most retail. Name recognition on resume.
Apple is a fun place to work. The employees are great and the customers can be kooky but they are rather terrific as well. If you are passionate about apple products, you will enjoy yourself immensely. The Managers are also helpful in personal development. The benefits are out of this world, even for part time employees and they are only getting better. Also, the job isn't commission based so there is less pressure to sell and more camaraderie amongst employees
Highly satisfaction from the coolness of working on the best products on earth, simple working environment, unparalleled experience in life
Awesome people and a fun environment to work in. The energy is positive and the management is supportive of personal growth and professional development. The benefit package is superb.
Great discounts on products. Really cool co-workers.
Benefits are good for both full-time and part-time employees. Apple covers same-sex couples on health insurance and includes the difference one has to pay for imputed income. Stock purchase plan is good, and so is the 401(k).
People are definitely the biggest pro to working here. Apple has the tendency to hire amazing people (unless they do a mass hiring event) and the family atmosphere is definitely there. Even if leadership is continually fostering negativity, your friends are always there and you can't let them down despite being discouraged. The benefits are also good. They've drastically improved the part time benefits and they're much more affordable.
A great place to work and grow within the company. They are flexible and want their employees to succeed. It feels like Apple really does care about you.
You are part of a team where you learn many valuable skills that will benefit your personal and professional career, whether or not you decide to stay with the company or take another path.
Just being able to say that I worked at Apple was pretty cool. Work was interesting and challenging. Didn't really have time to take a breath between projects. I liked the feeling of achieving some pretty hefty goals in a heroic time frame. Great sense of accomplishment. Good to see things that I have worked on be successful in the marketplace.
Kind Co-workers in a pleasant, if somewhat hectic atmosphere.
The place is loosely managed and you may have an opportunity to work on significant project by fluke. You could gain considerable amount of experience because of that.
The benefits are excellent, and the pay is decent to start out with. Very interesting environment, and a great place to get better understanding of the retail strategy with personal experience.
Innovative minds, people and ideas.
The benefits were great!! The stock purchasing was the best.
Amazing Culture, thrives on innovation and expression. Placed emphasis on offering solutions rather than selling items. Apple Discounts. Great People.
Great customer service training. Great benifits (health, etc.)
A great place to grow your sales skills and leadership training to the point where you can sell millions of dollars of product and services in one year.
You will learn a lot regarding Apple's software and hardware, coworkers are generally very nice people, and Apple does have a very innovative retail operation.
flexibility of work, free coffee and teas, nice cafe macs and cheaper thatn the food outside. stocks
good vibe, great people, plenty of room for personal growth and development, additional perks
-schedule flexability around being a student -tuition assistance -growth and development is strongly encouraged within the company -good pay compared to competitors
Great Products and great coworkers
They spend a lot of time and effort getting you where you want to go and you work with a lot of great people.
Plenty of opportunity for career advancement. Opportunities to grow knowledge on whatever you would like to learn about. Corporate opportunity right down the street. Ability to perform duties outside of your current role to see if it is something you like. Coworkers become family, very close, sense of unity.
Apple is a place to share your ideas and work among some of the best people out there and I would strongly recommend this company to anyone looking for a place they love to go to work!
Good benefits. ESPP is very generous. Good perks from other companies. Managers don't micro manage you. You have a lot of freedom.
Decent benefits package for full time people. Stock options are nice, and medical insurance is offered as well.
Coworkers do care each other. It's never competitive or backstabby. Opportunity to learn as much as you want. ESPP. Good benefits, even for PT.
creative environment. working with the best products in the world. benefits.
Chance to work on cool products loved and used by millions of people. Highly energetic environment full of very motivated people. Intense focus on innovation and getting projects finished on time. There is a very strong corporate culture and sense of identity.
See ratings. Everything is extremely positive.
Great company to work for! Very well known!
Fast paced challenging work environment
- Great brand name, great products, lot of glamor to working here - Lots of passionate people - Excellent employee benefits, good cafeteria
-Friends you work with -Recognition from peers -Fast paced environment -Consistant training and development -Opportunity to 'wow' customers -Rotating hours, gives you a chance to enjoy morning shifts and night shifts
good benefits (the best ones are from 3rd party, not apple :-/) and a genuinely fun place to work. Great employees who are often very similar to you yourself.
Great environment, great people, positivity, cool products and image. Benefits for part time, no one watching over you. No micro managing, consistent breaks, ability to work with devices. Supportive team atmosphere. No "dress code" and they promote individuality and creativity.
Great Employees..Great Company..Great Benefits. Love the innovation at the company and the opportunity to work in the market.
Top-notch benefits package even for 20+ hour part time employees. Unbelievable health & dental insurance for about $120 a month, 25% discount on computers, 12% discount on stock purchase (up to 10% of salary), 50% matching 401(k) (up to 6% of salary), tuition reimbursement (up to $5000).
Diversity, cutting edge, can have an excellent and dynamic working environment. The job experience is changing. It appears that it will be for the better, that makes me excited because the company has the possibility of being the best place to grow a career with
Work with stellar and deadly dedicated people on amazing products. Learn what it is that makes Apple different. Frequent opportunities to move to the project you like. Receive broad and career changing visibility if you are able to do something great. Forget longish and back breaking analysis work. It is acting by the seat of your pants that gets the job done in time and if you've really got the vibes, Apple is the place to be. Enjoy good food and cool beer bashes.
it was an okay job for somebody fresh out of college. Don't look here for anything long term. Overall don't do it.
Very warm, friendly, and comfortable atmosphere to work, its top notch.
Work on very key aspects of products that are used by a lot of people. Compensation is good
Good products. The lower management folks are much easy to work with.
- Great benefits - Decent pay - Access to your own computer with little site blocking (although you're technically not supposed to do it while on a call) - Fairly easy work to learn and master
Apple is a great place to work. It beats any other retail establishment, hands down, in regard to how employees are treated by management, compensated, and given opportunities. It is highly demanding work but you know that you are always supported by competent managers and team members.
Working at Apple was an awesome experience. They were very flexible with hours and provided constant on the job training and manager feedback so that you felt confident and comfortable with the quality of your work. There are full health benefits, including vision and dental, Access to 401k and the ability to purchase stock at a reduced price, and finally they have awesome employee discounts
I work with great people.
cool products that you support
Fun and exciting environment where people interactions are more then transactions. Product that is mores often then not fun to use and more fun to teach. Experiences that are fulfilling and life changing,
people are awesome products are great the environment is like no other place in retail the benefits are really good even por part-time
The pace is fast, the company constantly strives to improve, the morale is high, and the people I work with are inspiring.
Benefits, third party discounts, professional training, looks good on a resume, good customer service training, management backs you up and doesn't step on your feet during customer interactions
The best reasons to work at Apple, aside from the employee discount, are the people that Apple considers employees. They are some of the most talented individuals I have ever met.
Great products and people. Solid management structure and overall company direction. Great opportunities to develop career skills for other employers.
Great products, fun interactions with customers. The team you work with is carefully selected and fun to be around. Days pass quickly during busy times, which is almost all of the time.
Good money. Excellent benefit. People are very smart and work extremely hard. Nice environment as well. A great place for any level of employees.
- decent pay for a college student. - fun environment of people (various personalities) - get paid for training and meetings - get to work with apple products (i.e. listen to music on an iPod, look through Apps on an iPad, and play on the computers) - management tries their best to work with your school schedule.
awesome reputation of course experiences in an unstructured environment, space to move and make changes
Its a great place to learn, sharpen retail skills, and be challenged in more areas then just sales.
- Having "Apple" on your resume is great - Working as a Genius is about as good as you can get short of store management - Getting to play with awesome new technology - If you get along well with people, you earn the respect of management and are more free to make decisions
it's Apple. Great technology, great products
Great technology, great products, friendly and decicated colleages
good environment, friendly people who are always there for you. good, healthy competition that motivates you to do your best
-Incredibly supportive management and hands-on marketing training -Extremely flexible, self-driven hours -Freedom to think of different ways to plan marketing events -Cool perks like a free laptop at the end of the contract
The epitome of technology Job respect Unparalleled benefits package for retail Fair employee discounts Get to work with products you love and use yourself Lateral team members generally very fun to work with
Fun place to work Good benefits Great co-workers
The name says it all! Amazing job whilst in college, however, the structure of working around your school schedule are long over...very sales driven, more so than customer service.
Consistent learning and being part of new ideas and quality products that impact people lives in a positive and productive manner.
The benefits package is stellar. There is a stock purchase program that is great because our stock is doing so well, and the health insurance is superb.
stable company slight discount on products interesting youthful co-workers
Great environment with fun people to work with. Plus you are constantly around apple products which is obviously fun because they are the best in the world.
Great products, excellent customer support, supportive management, great benefits
great products, culture, people, pay and benefits.
It's a great place to work. Great leadership, great employees, great compensation, and you can be proud to tell people where you work. What I really appreciate is the willingness to listen to new ideas. If you think you can improve upon a process, and give ample evidence of how it will improve production or increase revenue, then there is a good chance it can be implemented. Opportunities for career development is unparalleled.
Apple provides creative freedom, great pay, great benefits, great location, and a wonderful cooperate culture. My team is great, and I love what I do.
Great place to work everyday people are great.
Great training at the start and continuous support throughout your time their.
Good products, good benefits, good co-workers
Working with technology every day.
Great leadership within the company and customer arrive training in matched.
Great working environment. The people are great and individuality is encouraged and celebrated. Pay is competitive and greater than most other retail jobs.
The caliber of people you encounter here is extremely high and one of the biggest benefits is that each and every person truly was the best candidate for that job. Everyone is committed to doing a good job of doing their job.
We get to work on the products that people have real emotional commitment to, and thats something amazing to be part of.
Outstanding leadership and support, great discounts, wonderful work environment, and excellent co-workers. Apple Retail takes great care in treating its employees well such that we will treat the customers well in turn. The environment is optimistic and energetic.
Apple provides a surrounding of employees who are driven, creative, interesting, and gregarious. In all, the environment helps people see the holes they can fill with their skills and thrive on their own.
Nice newer office with a clean and modern feel. Training is adequate. Great cafeteria and benefits. Friendly co-workers and a nice gym.
- top 1/2 of 1% of employees work here - product comes before customer - no one ever says no
Smart people, great people, great products. Everyone is very good at what they do. A lot of trust and independence given.
It's a cool place to work. I love the atmosphere and the people.
Awesome to be part of the greatest company ever! Lots to do, I was able to invent my own job and run my own projects for many years. Great pride in the products and vision of the company and its ability to execute a masterful plan.
Best products/technologies to work on.
The people are so freaking awesome, they make the job so much easier, fun and life changing. The company is awesome.
Work at home, discounts to Apple and other places, knowledge of new products, being able to say you work for them, very thorough training.
Very laid back, not a lot of micromanagement, on the cutting edge of technology, hands-on work. Generous compensation.
Good place to grow, and learn about technology
The people you work with at the retail level are pretty amazing.
I wouldn't have been able to obtain the knowledge I got elsewhere. Definitely the most engaging thing on my resume.
Decent discounts, good health, vision, dental. like the products we do enjoy "Revolutionizing" the workplace practices. Atmosphere is typically good and mostly people are positive minded. Entering from the ground up there is a lot of advancement.
Apple has the absolute best culture in the business, hands down. The benefits are amazing especially for such a low position in the company. You work from home which is very nice on gas. Benefits include tuition reimbursement, fitness reimbursement, Internet reimbursement, medical, dental, vision, 401k plans.
Good pay, work with great people, stimulating environment,
Always one of the first people to get your hands on new products. Tons of excitement and energy around product releases that make you hyped to be a part of the Apple team. Tons of inept customers truly respect your technical skills.
You get paid high in the beginning. Coworkers are fun to work with. Get to meet a lot of interesting people in the silicon valley stores.
People, products, being on the cutting edge, never a slow period
Salary and benefits package are the best in retail  Hours are very flexible  Environment is very clean and enjoyable  No "dress code" or uniform
A work environment that allows you to be yourself. The people that you work with and work for make the experience what it is.
No Pressure, Fun Environment, Great culture , they give you a chance to thrive in their company and advance to higher positions
Best Ever in the world.
Great company with great leaders. Worlds best computers and hand held devices. the products speak for themselves and the company
Incredibly friendly and helpful community. Apple cares more about its people than its products, and you can tell that when you work there.
-Apple (corporate) is "hands down" the most innovative and intelligent IT company in the world. -Looks great on the resume (have to not include the retail part.) -Decent product discount on computers and ipods (no iphone) -health care after 1 year of part time service. -cool to talk about technology all day and get paid. -great college job
I've been with Apple for 27+ years now, and I've seen them go thru a lot of changes. Apple cares about their employees like I have never heard of any other company. Fighting Cancer and can't come to work. Then they brought the work home to them. Have bad eye sight then they got him a much larger screen with big lettering. Want a degree Apple will help you and allow you to meet the needs of your schedule. I have always had great managers who would always be there for me if I needed help. I couldn't imagine working anywhere else.
Job security and the pride of working for the best company in the world where creativity and ideas are more important than experience and excellence is the rule, not the exception.
I know I'm lucky to say I truly enjoy my job. The work is fun. It's great, because we're always busy, which means there no boring lulls. Customers can sometimes be "needy", but the majority are great. Management keeps things fun.
Apple is THE greatest company, great benefits and awesome pay, very good way to treat their employee, always try to get the best of you while working with them
Apple is Apple. Working there and garnering your blue tee shirt is enough to make anyone jealous. It is extremely hard to get a job here, but once you're in, it's the best.
It is the greatest place to work in the world
The people are great, the atmosphere is enticing, the product is desirous, and the job is fun. I am a people person and a tech nerd and love getting paid to talk about a product that I love and provide great service to people that I know will find value in what I do and the product they buy. The company is at the forefront of technology and has endless potential with an increasing customer base. Great company to work for and work with as I develop myself and do my best to help my peers grow too.
I get to learn more about Technology more, and of course I get to use or see never seen before stuff..
The experience has been amazing and to sum it up in one word, it's been because of the people.
Fun work environment. Opportunities to grow within the company are limitless
Excellent colleagues Immense growth Cool technologies Nice projects Can switch to various teams
The overall experience is unbelievable.
If you enjoy fast paced environments and always having to think on your feet, it is the perfect place for you.
Apple provides their employees with great growth opportunities. The management lets you achieve and develop on your own, without pushing or prodding you into roles you don't necessarily want. They expect you to own your own development and to push yourself to be better.
Great innovative products and just security with low stress.
Great benefits and discounts and life experiences are that are unparalleled.
good to work with apple
Opportunity for advancement, great people, great pay, great experience, overall just a great time, good fellow employees, 8 bucks a month for a gym membership, definately one of the best companies to work for, its great & i love it!
The people I work with are the redeeming quality about this job. Without having great co-workers, it wouldn't be manageable. The benefits are also fantastic.
If you are an artist, at all creative or just like socializing, Apple is a great place to work. The coworkers there will definitely become some of your best friends, and most customers are pretty cool too. Considering it's a non-commission based sales position the pay is very good too.
It is a great place full of innovation and smart people. A great place to learn and grow as an engineer.
No traffic to get to work!
Love for the products. Diversity among community. Very stable company. Exciting potential to grow within the company. working at apple is fun.
The atmosphere in the store is unlike any other. Not only that, but the amazing collection of personalities, minds and atitudes that make up the Apple family make it impossible to enjoy yourself while working. Putting smiles on a persons face after showing them something new is just an amazing feeling. I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Best benefits out there, the discount is pretty slick and hey, you work for Apple.
Looks good on resume, some learning possible.
Engineers at Apple get to make real contributions that will benefit tens or hundreds of millions of people everyday. That's awesome. Everyone makes substantial contributions to one or more products. I think incredibly highly of all of my co-workers. They do some of the best engineering work I've seen anywhere.
People seem to respect the fact that you work for Apple. Apple trains its employees how to communicate well with people. Diverse people to work with. Decent discounts, not great! Health insurance is decent. Guaranteed 15min breaks and lunches. They used to work really well with Part-time employee scheduling, but right before I left they were cracking down on wanting employees to work more without added benefits. On launch days, food and drink was provided for staff.
The company is innovative, the corporate culture is amazing. You are truly setup for success when you start working there. I have found that management is open and ready to help.
It is a prestigious place to work because the best personalities are hired on.
Flexible, Great Culture, Decent Retail Pay, Above Average Benefits, Exciting Job
Pays enough. Really customer oriented. I really value my time with each customer trying to help them out with their needs.
a company that everyone loves: the world will cheer you just because you wear that badge great products, with a focus on perfection - you are constantly pushed to do better a dynamic work environment: everyone's contributions are valued
Discount. The Pay is great for retail. Vacation time. Ability to try out new product before anyone else. Free software.
great company, great people, vibrant env
great 401 k benefits, flexible schedules, great people to support you, comfortable work environment, very understanding time and attendance policy
Apple is one of the most innovative companies in the world. Being part of it is fun and interesting. Every day I learn something new and amazing about mac computers and devices. Full time benifits are great.
The caliber of most my co-workers is exceptional.
I can't complain about the benifits or the pay. Also other people think it's cool. Working at home is nice. Customers are very nice compared to other call centers. Lots of perks.
Casual work environment. Management accessibility. Opportunities exist. Dynamic environment. Never boring. Great cultural diversity. Pride in products and innovation. Prevalence of team effort. Generally great co-workers.
Great recognition. Opportunity to work in a huge, impactiful company. Be surrounded by incredibly smart co-workers.
Salary, cooperation among different groups, ethics, and bleeding edge work.
Great access to new and cool technology. Great to work with young people my age and share knowledge. Fantastic if you like helping people through problems or teaching them how to use their devices.
Wonderful to be a part of growing the most fantastic retail company in the world. Good benefits, health, and discounts, and fun teamwork.
good company good pay good benefit
> Wonderful work environment, beautiful store. > Helpful peers, very friendly. > Management team is supportive. > Recognition for your work. > Full-time workers get wonderful benefits.
Relaxed atmosphere where you are you own boss basically, we make decisions on our own. Flexible hours and great benefits.
they treat their employees with respect.
- 25 % discount on one computer purchase a year -Stock Purchase -
Name recognition, okay benefits, best benefit are the commuter shuttles
Apple is an amazing company to work for. The people are fantastic and you have a ton of room to grow. The best thing about working there is truly the people. You really do become like a family. I've never felt so close to co-workers in my life. You work really hard and it can get really really REALLY REALLY stressful, but at the end of the day the job itself is so enjoyable that it's worth the stress.
- Great prestige to work here - Great products ( pride ) - Good Pay - Great Benefits
Working at Apple is very invigorating. There is always a challenge that you must overcome. The team, management, leadership, and people you meet will be a great asset to you. Learning and development is a key part of Apple, and they always encourage it. The ability to use resources from team members is a key plus. Working at Apple is a big change, but a change I would never like to move away from.
GSM position offers hands on experience working with Apple's suppliers and engineer to bring future products to fruition.
Changing the way people use their computers and devices. Part of a team of bright and talented individuals. Proud to work for such a respected company.
It's the greatest place ever! Great pay, great people, paid vacations.....
Great culture Great co-workers Great products Great pay I can't complain. It is such a great pleasure to work for Apple.
I love working at Apple retail. I'm a sucker for new technology, and right now, Apple is leading the pack with new tech. The people you work with are interesting and generally fun to hang out with, inside or outside of work. The employee stock purchase plan is a nice bonus, especially recently.
Working at Apple is a great experience. Every store has a tight knit family feel. Concerns are addressed and there are many routes to follow to promote improvement for your self and for your team.
People! They say the people are the soul of the company, well, they are also the heart. Learning! There's always something new to learn and theres always someone eager to learn it that wants you to teach it to them.
Working for the most innovative company on earth
Tuition reimbursement, personal discount, generous benefits, friendly colleagues. I had a fantastic year with Apple, and would be honored to work for them again in the future.
Having autonomy to do the right thing. Making wicked cool friends. Enjoying great benefits and discounts.
cool coworkers, great environment, interesting days
Discounts are great to have
the sense of community in the store and company itself is like no other company. nobody even comes close to how people-oriented the company is.
Great people Training and advancement opportunities Great company with vision and good product Nice pay and decent benefits for part-time Love the dress code Atmosphere of fun with most supervisors
community feel and limitless resources to help balance work and quality of life.
Meeting people with a passion for your brand. Coming up with solutions to problems as people come in and internally.
An exciting place to be if you love Apple technology. Every day is different but at the same time everyday could be a challenge. The realm of customer service here usually goes above and beyond to keep customers happy. Apple follow its motto very well of the customer experience being the most important part of its DNA. The cultural is lose and eccentric and you will make many many friends in the long run. Management is also more eager to communicate with you as a group because of constant change in technology and business plans.
Great company leadership, nice campus, great commute options, products to be proud of, strong brand recognition
It is great working with co0workers that have a passion for what they do/develop.
They take care of you better than any other employee's out there. It was a pleasure to work for Apple for the time I could.
The Products & The People
Financially strong company with great and innovative companies. Apple also finds ways to promote its top performers. Also enjoy the great work-life balance that also includes a great benefits package and lots of OT.
I've heard that there are great places at Apple, but due to "need to know" mentality of company, you are pretty well segregated to your dept, and sometimes even your office. The equipment you get to use day to day in your job is some of the best in the world!
Everyone you meet that works for Apple is dedicated to excellence, strives for an open team environment, and is in love with our products. We all work for the future success of our company by innovating in even the smallest areas of our job. Feedback and self improvement are a huge part of working for Apple, everyone can benefit from this environment.
Apple gives you tools to grow and develop new skills professionally and personally Great co-workers and great work ethic.
Surrounded by the greatest technology, no micromanagement, and a very relaxed environment.
Most days I am proud to say that I work for Apple. The products speak for themselves and it is great to be able to use them. The work environment can be very invigorating as well as mentally challenging.
Its a really fun job
Great people, challenging and fun atmosphere
Lots of paid training and management that cares about your development as a person. Great benefits and vacation package and discounts on hardware and software. Training is a top priorty and is worked into our schedule.
Apple makes really great products - being a part of that is rewarding in and of itself. Now that the company is doing so well, we're really an 800 lb. gorilla when it comes to vendor relationships - it's great to have other companies bending over backwards to get your business.
Exciting environment and creative co-workers
career advancement and knowledge are two things Apple will provide employees with
Great place t work at
Exciting and successful company to work for. Bright and talented people everywhere.
Pay and benefits are extraordinary The products are simply amazing
Great people Casual Good experience Ok Pay
Using products that we design.
Cutting edge technology with cool consumer products. Strong brand name recognition. Apple provides solid pay structure and benefits along with outstanding short and long-term stock performance. A unique work environment that embraces diversity.
Lots of smart people, cool products and a growing company.
Be a part of a company that's leading the technology sector! People take you seriously as an intern, and they pay you like it!
Great co-workers. Amazing innovative products. There is no better place to develop yourself as a young employee. For a retail job... it is awesome. As an IT career... it will get you started. My fellow geniuses are awesome. They are the best group of people I have ever had the privilege of knowing.
Its definitely an exciting field to work in with a wide range of people to interact with. But, at the end of the day, its still retail. Great benefits, occasional opportunities for overtime, and no job there is really all that difficult, other than giving bad news about someone's computer.
nice coworkers but thats all
it's a good paying job
People are great smartest you'll find. Great campus, everyone really enjoys their job. Week off between Christmas and New Years.
The people - almost everyone is happy to help, and happy to be there. Absolutely amazing products, and customers who love the products.
Great place to work for those who are in college or college-aged. Great for people who love technology and looking cool.
- discounts - fellow employees - challenging work environment - opportunity for personal and creative growth - helping people - learning about products
Colleagues are some of the smartest, most creative, and amazing people I have ever worked with. You get to meet many people everyday who you can connect with and network with. It's busy a lot of the time so time flys.
Smart, interesting co-workers, smart, dedicated management, stimulating environment, challenging opportunities. In one day, a Specialist can wear many hats. No two days are ever the same.
you are the part of the best engineering team in the world, can learn a lot and be proud of your work
Excellent work environment, great products
co workers and work enviroment
-great pay -great benefits -great networking -fun staff -rarely boring
You will never have a dull moment, you get to play with some of the best technology, generous benefits and schedule flexibility.
People, money, techno, travel, training
Very laid back and open environment. You meet a lot of like minded, creative individuals many of whom will become good friends.
Long hours, but that's obvious. Great campus, great place to work. Pride of work, name value, etc.
It's a life style. They really do treat their employees well- good discount, growth opportunities, excellent training and solid brand name.
Pretty decent benefits, and a great commuter shuttle. You'll also get the chance to work with some really inspiring people.
exciting work, a lot to do. responsible jobs.
Good people, casual work attire, great products, "think outside the box" kind of place
Great place to work. Nice people, excellent benefits, and good salary.
Good part-time position. Competitive pay for retail position, or part-time position.
There is lot of security I'm the company because they are so busy, there is always hours available. The pay isn't that bad, there is no commission which means no bonuses, but it makes it less competitive which is also nice.
Good benefits, great products and innovation.
T-shirts and jeans as a uniform!
People are enthusiastic about working there
Great products and phenomenal co-workers! An awesome work environment that cultivated creativity and competition. I woke up every day and could not wait to get to work!
Benefits and the people there are friendly
Cafe Macs, excellent landscaping, building is always kept at a great temp.
exposure to latest technology brand name and news. feel like being distinct. always in news and always in limelight ok.
Great environment. Doing what i love. Being a Mac Genius is something people dream of doing. Being able to do what i love everyday is all i can ask for
Work is Awesome over in Apple.
Great benefits, fantastic knowledge-sharing, relatively flat hierarchy, a true sense of community, a perpetually-rewarding work environment, incredible sense of cross-company cohesion, nice perks on merchandise and hardware, great relationships with your immediate management
Fun people to work with, with exceptions, steady if tedious work, nice facilities, decent benefits.
Benefits Great people to work with learn great skills
The people are great to work with here. They are very creative and intelligent individuals with talent. Fun environment with good amount of perks depending on which department you are in.
-Occasional rewards for performance (Laser Tag, Gift Cards) -Learn how to repair the engineering disasters that are Apple products -Interact with some great customers -Some of your co-workers have a brain
Great first time working environment. Meet new people. Get to learn a lot of stuff.
Apple is always changing and really listens to its customers and staff to evolve. The diversity of the staff is refreshing and the knowledge base really makes it an amazing experience.
Work Hard and move up
It's like a family. You sell all the cool products.The benefits and discounts are amazing. I miss the sense of community.
Innovative, rewarding, structured, inspiring, motivating
Great benefits, employees, managers! Very good experience working here.
Exciting and innovative products. Customer appreciation for exceptional service in most instances. Excellent benefits.
Work environment is relax, pay is well and benefits are great
Apple has a Great working environment, the people are generally happy and great to work with. You have ever evolving job responsibilities, meaning you never know what tomorrow may hold.
Fun, busy, get good standing shoes.
best products in the world smart people dedicated employees not bureaucratic fast
Great people, great company, laid back, the ability to change lives for the better (seriously, the products change people's lives)
Apple is an amazing place to work. There are so many opportunities to grow and learn. Apple is definitely a marketing and engineering company. Consequently the opportunity to shine is in these areas for sure. Other areas offer ample options for career development. Company Fridays on the green are nice.
Culture, environment, uniform (t-shirt), training, coworkers, pay, discount
Great people, great benefits, fun environment, product launches.
How many places can say they make products that change the world? It is really exciting to work at Apple. It is hard but well worth it. You need to like what you're doing but if you do it is really rewarding. Many people complain that Apple makes you work too hard. You need to work extra to make a shipping date. That's it. And it feels good when you actually can ship a product - most companies are chronically late.  The development environment is very free. You are not bogged down by useless rules about which editor or source control system you have to use. The only rule is get your stuff done. So if you are a good engineer and don't mind some controlled chaos - you will shine here.
more opportunities are given to those who show good effort.
Awesome benefits!!! There are vacation accumulation as well as sick hours so you don't draw from your vacation if you get ill. Payed holidays!
The culture, the people, the opportunities, the ability to grow in yourself.
good perks...also good flexibility....i like the launch days alot....some of the most exciting experiences ever
- Meeting nice people and becoming friends - Working with new products - Problem Solving at its Finest - Great Environment - Ability to repair and open machines
The people are awesome, fast paced work environment, cutting edge of computer products, awesome benefits and stock purchase plan, most innovative company ever.
Great environment, great people, great products.
The discount was amazing. 25% off of all Apple products not including the iPhone. Brand equity is unmatched. If someone hears you worked for Apple, they are automatically like "wow!" Pay was okay
Apple is a big player in the field, working at apple can move your career ahead. Lots of good things are done in the company.
The products are great, the senior managers are smart and engaged. Most engineering peers are smart, hard-working, and engaged. Most of the problems are fun and interesting.
The people are extremely intelligent AND down-to-earth. Very helpful and supportive atmosphere. Great personalities.
-benefits -the people are amazing! -career experiences are unparalleled. -lots of opportunity for advancement -the best technology company in the world!
interesting new people to meet everyday you have to enjoy your job and be able to help costumers with any questions small or big
I get to work on cool and exciting products. The business travel is always first class (actually business class for flights overseas) and the hotels we stay at are top-notch.
Working support at Apple means you get to learn Apple products inside and out. This is good for getting a job working elsewhere in the computer industry.
Awesome environment, I would recommend everyone go.
Great benefits, you meet lots of interesting people, the pay is good for retail, they're usually well-organized, lots of employees to cover your shift if you can't make it.
Get to work with some great people
love the product and innovation
Computer discount. The fun people you work with.
Often regarded as a "prestigious" retail job by anyone but fellow employees. Never "down time" in the store. Customers are (for the most part) kind and patient. Pretty good employee discounts on not only Apple things, but 3rd party affiliates of Apple (Blue Mic, Logitech, HP, and tons more). "Different" style of retail environment. Pretty good pay for a retail job with ESPP options and even 401k for part-time employees.
Inspiring experience that you will learn so much and so fast.
Friendly People, and great work enviroment
Up beat and talented staff.
The environment is fast paced and the sales support you receive is great. In store promotions and competitive rivalry is encouraged, but team effort is praised and maintained.
Many of our customers are die hard Apple fans, like myself, and it's rewarding to interact with and assist them when their device gives them difficulty. I have the freedom to come up with out of the box solutions for each customer and the corporate culture supports the idea of free, but properly given, feedback. There is never any shortage of opportunities to hone my critical thinking skills, and management supports solutions I come up with for customer problems. My team are the reason I come to work everyday, and from the management to the newest Specialist, I feel we all pull together to get the job done. It is very satisfying to feel a part of that. Our products are exciting and innovative, and I never feel anything but proud to say I work for Apple. There are many positions in this global company and theoretically unlimited potential for growth.
The medical is good. Some perks are good. Lots of software, some incentives of products with discount, in a quarterly basis.
Relatively good benefits for full time employees. Salary is OK, not great - definitely not proportional to the unstated amount of physical labor one endures on the job.
Positive People Benefits Working Environment Develop Knowledge In Technology
Far and few between in retail.
Very nice community, nice food, benefits, people, location. Made lots of friends throughout my journey at apple. I also liked how they didnt always tell me what to do.
Incredibly talented employees. Lot of team work, Very engaging & busy atmosphere. Ideal place of work attending college & building technical knowledge for future careers in tech field.
Work with some of the brightest and most passionate people in today's workforce. Great culture of hard work, passion, and innovation with less bureaucracy than other large sized companies.
for some reason, people think you're really cool if you work there.. so that was interesting. also, you get a 25% discount (at least when i was there) off of apple products
great product easy to sale
Innovative and challenging.Lot of learning.
Amazing growth opportunities and feedback in order to grow
Free product depending on your group.  If you're truly driven by your work, then this is the place. It truly is a products, customers, and the numbers will follow sort of place.  Good health benefits, good on site benefits, subsidized good food. No matter how much vacation time you have saved up, the company still shuts down from Christmas to the day after New Years (but you might have to still work).
Apple is a fun yet challenging place to work
Very exciting products and a bright future.
Highly innovative products come out of you
Working with customers and helping them take home Apple products is truly a rewarding experience. The majority of customers are friendly and excited about being in the store and learning about the products, which makes the job a lot of fun. Coworkers are also a major pro, as they are diverse, supportive, friendly, helpful and fun.
You get a chance to work with teams where management & engineers are very Intelligent and Hard working. Go Apple :)
Very good place to work. Great benefits, great co-workers. Most of all especially since Apple products are such a hot commodity their retail and corporate sectors has weathered the economic woes over the last few years. So... I think that explains it!
Fun, great incentives. I get to hire nerds all day long, and I absolutely love each one of them.
The work is not too difficult Health benefits are great Co-Workers provide a friendly environment Working for a huge and influential company is fun
Company is the greatest ever.
Most interesting and challenging work of my career. Technology is ground breaking
The benefits package is amazing. Medical, Dental, Vision, an insane employee discount for you and your family, as well as a variety of discounts at other stores and venues. Being a specialist is super-easy.
* Beer bashes! Free beer! * Intern Activities. They took us out to ballgames, a party boat in the bay, and other fun stuff. * Doing REAL work. I was given an actual project to complete and demo to our VP. Awesome!
You get the name in your resume, cool products to play with, and mostly smart people to work with.
proud of the hardware and company brand
Family environment, fast-paced place to work. Can advance far, very fast. Great team work. Awesome support from the management team.
Great people to work with-Co workers are usually what drives you to come to work day after day Benefits-401k, Health benefits, discounts on items.
I've worked at 5 Fortune 100 Companies, Apple is the best...very focused, very lean You will work hard and your resume will be the bomb I am constantly in meetings where i am the dumbest guy in the room This is the most efficiently run company on the planet, buy and hold the stock, This is company has an incredible work ethic Nobody will keep up with Apple over the long run, except maybe Google, and that is just a maybe Steve Jobs is the Thomas Edison of this century You can find a cool spouse here You will be pushed toward excellence beyond your current abilities Video games and beer bashes...it is kinda like you never left university Your kids, parents, and friends will think you are cool Lot's to be proud about here Best corporate cafeteria on the planet
It's great to work on products with outstanding recognition. Everybody believes in the product to a good extent and engineers ability to provide input on many aspects of a product even if it's not their area of expertise (such as user interface, process, and general quality).  There is little bureaucracy and politics for a company of its size. I've worked for companies many times smaller with far more politics which creates inefficiencies through needless intracompany competitiveness and lack of communication. This is less so at Apple due to 3 reasons: 1) Almost everybody is in Cupertino so it's a lot less likely you'll talk behind someone's back if you actually see them face to face in meetings. 2) There is a culture of communication where it's okay to provide input on process without people getting very offended (Apple's own bug tracking system is part of this. 3) Steve Jobs is on top of things, if he see's bureaucracy he will cut it out, and even if he doesn't there is a fear that if he does see you as a bureaucrat he will cut you out.  I like the people a lot here: They are very smart and pretty humble. There is not much individual arrogance which makes it a comfortable place to be (although there is a fair amount of arrogance on the products). Good focus on products.
Excellent work environment, superior leadership
Great retail job. All of my coworkers were very friendly, and the culture made working at Apple retail more fun.
Great company to work for and an awesome resume builder. I really enjoyed the job for the first two years but after a while the shine rubs off the Apple.
Great people, smart people, great leadership.
Work at Apple on the future.
If you like Apple products (and you really should if you work at Apple or are considering taking a job at Apple) then it's nice to be working for a company that produces first-in-class products, that most anyone can recognize and admire. Additionally, there is a fairly wide variety of things Apple does, more so than the typical valley company (everything from engineering to retail), so you (might) get exposed to some interesting facets of the business.  The people are, generally, nice, smart people. Apple employees can often be a bit more passionate and/or opinionated than some at other places I've worked at, but I generally consider this a good thing.  The general benefits are ok - not great, and I've gotten better elsewhere, but I've also certainly gotten worse. The employee discount is ok. If you're into trendy pop music, you might spot a music star on campus or playing at a beer bash every now and then.
Fun environment Great discounts Free Apple branded software training Flat corporation
*Provide white-glove treatment to employees and customers *Enjoy meeting people and building relationships with employees and customers *Friends and family see you as a tech guru *Having a background in tech support and customer service
Instant gratification. The discount. Learn something new everyday. Exciting. Great co-workers.
- Great Health Care - Great Wellness activities - End of the year shutdown
Easy workload when things were light. Teamwork and camaraderie are unparalleled. Easy job when fixing machines. Salary was competitive for similar retail fields.
relaxed corporate environment, very flexible, happy people work there from all walks of life
Company Culture Company Products Challenging Projects Great benefits Fast Pace lets make a difference style Think Different place to be And lets not forget SJ Great Beer bashes and food
Great culture surrounding the brand. A place where honesty is encouraged, and not trying to just sell something to someone for the hell of it. Lots of benefits, and perks for full time, and part time alike to take advantage of.
Beautiful campus, cool products, smart co-workers. It's a fun company to be associated with. Your friends will be jealous (and also ask you to buy products using your employee discount).
- get to work on fantastic products - challenging problems - meet the most talented people in the industry - fast paced environment, startup like
Apple is innovative and hard-working. It not the easiest job but if your looking for challenge (which I was) and want to work with retail and technology there is no better company to work for. The benefits are great - even when you are part-time. No matter what position you work with the company there is always room for growth and everyone is one big happy family.  Apple spends lots of money, time and har-work into making Apple retail flawless. They have a special corporate team dedicated to making internal software that'll ease workflow for employees and customers.
Great company with nice benefits and comfortable salary. Constant communication with management, approachable and friendly. Great hiring standards. Smart, generous employees.
- Nice perks - Super casual dress code - Really nice people and interpersonal culture - Can actually take accrued vacation without anyone complaining - Stock has been doing very well - Heavy marketing means you can impress everyone when you say where you work.
-ability to work on cool consumer electronics -international travel -stock / RSU package is a reasonable income supplement -pride associated with working for the most admired company in the world
This place is great if you want people to think you're cool, trendy and willing to work for nothing. A lot of the Mac Specialists seem brainwashed to think they're getting a good deal with their low hourly rate to sell, sell, sell.
It gives you the chance work on products that impact users all over the world and millions of people use every day.
Meet lots of people, learn a great deal, one of the most admired companies in the world, amazing products and technology, good benefits, a fun place to work!
Thourough training. Company's comittment to its products, services and employees is as revolutionary as its computer technology.
-work from home -flexible hours -discounts on products
Good corporate culture and learning.
Fun, fast paced, great coworkers, excellent engineering teams.
Great products, warm fuzzy feelings everytime you see white headphones. Everyone in the world knows and loves your products. Lots of the people are great (and smart!).
Apple was a fun company to work for but mu experience with the Tucson Apple Store was less than enjoyable. Cool technology and good environment is the right locations. Kansas City was a dream.
Absolutely loved working for Uncle Steve. The corporation, even as a corporation, was a great thing to be a part of. Loved the services I provided to the public, even when they were challenging and unappreciative.
they are the best in the business
Great management Fun and interesting customers
Great perks in terms of getting free software, etc., fun to be associated with the brand.
Apple is obviously leading the way in the latest technology. Don't you want to be part of that? You get the latest dibs on new stuff, great discounts, you meet new people everyday, and have the best co-workers on the planet!
the company is doing great and it doesn't look like it's gonna be otherwise anytime soon. if you're in the correct postion, you'll get a free iphone with all bills paid. (and they'll usually pay your internet bills if you need to WFH)
Great benefits for FT and PT employees Competitive Pay Family like sense to the team you work with Everyone loves the product we sell
You work for the most valuable technology company in the world
Amazing people to work with. Great Benefits. Flexible Scheduling. Doesn't feel like a "Retail" job. Excellent growth opportunities. Leadership team leads by example.
Pay was okay, scheduling is good as long as you perform
Great people, coworkers and customers. You will learn a lot, and the environment is as challenging as you allow it to be. Great discounts, the ability to be on the cutting edge of gadgetry.
Very positive attitude by all employees Most employees genuinely enjoy working there Management leads well and creates a great work environment
Bright and witty colleagues. Faced paced environment with a start up mentality.  Cafeteria food is good.
no customer interaction easy day to day work load fixed schedule first to see new products easy going job that relaxed
Senior management is brilliant, focused, demanding and work long hours Company is on a roll. Products are awesome. You can make an impact here. The sky is the limit.
Working with a diverse staff, benefits are great, it's alway busy (keeps you on your toes), learned a lot along the way.
Cool company. Good ergonomic cubes with sit/stand workstations Lots of chances to get perks through selling Opportunity to advance to management and different departments Innovative work environments. Home Based agents
You are on this site, so you know what competitive pay is for your position. Don't be afraid to ask for more money.  Great people to work with on a daily basis, plenty of hours to work if you need more.
Incredible access to free software and corporate discounts from a smorgasbord of tech-companies. (non-tech, too) Lots of autonomy to perform your job function and to please customers.
There's a health plan, corporate housing, really good salary, and the airline ticket was covered. Fair overtime is given too.
Nice brand name company to have on your resume
You get a great work/life balance, good benefits, great work environment, and of course, great products.
Best product company in the world. Smartest people.
Lots of tecnology, company culture is great. They encourage a members from other teams to work well together. Company benifits package is good, along with company perks. Relaxed work environment.
Good pay, flexible schedule, excellent teammates/co-workers, good for students, casual dress, opportunity for growth and gaining technical knowledge. A lot of doors open to you, and you have the opportunity to spend your own time there using internal tools for learning about Apple products.
"Very Cool Products" you will be the coolest guy in town as the "Apple Rep/Neighbor/Relative/Friend" Hard working colleagues. Good health and life benefits
I get occasional presents. The job is laid back and easy to do. There are no direct supervisors to hassle you if you do your job decently because it is an at home job.
Great senior level management, I can see how Steve Jobs gets voted the Best CEO. Streamlined operations, very lean, disciplined and focused. You feel proud working for the company.
It's Apple! No matter who you tell, everyone will always be impressed that you work for the company that makes the iPhone. The benefits are great, and the environment is very driven towards ambitious people who are serious about their work.
plenty of training, great benefits, pretty good discounts, and you get to work for Apple. If you want to work in retail, I can't imagine a better place.
There was a pretty decent employee discount, the hours weren't bad and everyone was generally cool to work with. People envied the job
Great coworkers. Good salaries. Fun and challenging place to work. Fantastic management. People here are really passionate about Apple and you will feel the same way too. PS: Mac discounts are great.
Apple offers great benefits, coworkers are intelligent and good at what they do, and the dress attire is comfortable and easy to work in.
- Lots of fun people to work with. - Especially enjoyed all the good looking girls that would walk into the store and ask for my help, made for a great way to pick up some numbers. - The floor managers, known as "Leads" let you work where you wanted as long as you justified it to them and they approved it. For example, I was originally supposed to work on the iPods side of the store, but after explaining my self to the leads, they let me switch to Computers. - Management would encourage you to take breaks throughout the day (you get a lunch, and two 15 minute breaks)
The scheduling was very flexible The store provided a fun place to spend the work day My managers were all very knowledgeable and familiar with company procedures
I feel like I have an impact on the lives of others, especially on the development of my direct reports.
Employee Discount once a year - 25% off. Coworkers are nice. You get to wear pretty much whatever you want, so long as it includes the T shirt.
The training for apple was amazing and uplifting. A great team attitude and a sense of belonging and family. Their values are amazing. If every company was as amazing as Apple, this world would be a lot better to live in.
Pretty cool place to work in the tech field
Sexy company from the outside. Great Products and good employee benefits. Free shuttle from SF or other bay area locations. Free concerts from artists time to time.
A great company overall, visionary top management
The positive appearance Apple has in the world is a plus.
Challenges are good, lot of responsibilities
1) smart people, 2) great products, 3) discounts of the great products, 4) good health plans, 5) good diversity, 6) you will learn tons of apple technology
fun place to work if you want to be involved in cutting edge technology.
Retail, Great group of individuals very excited about Apple and Technology.
Apple provides great benefits and provides the appropriate payroll at most times to staff the stores to meet the needs of the customers.
It's a popular company and you get to help the back of house keep good inventory. Plus major discounts on most of their products.
Everyone there is incredibly passionate about the work they are doing, and the projects they are contributing to. Also, since Apple makes the hardware and software you're working on, it's easier to get the tools you need to get your job done.
Good benefits, exciting, empowering, not rigid.
You get to work with ridiculously intelligent people who are also very creative. Keep in mind that the engineers who make Apple products are also the users and they control their entire hardware/software stack, which is very enabling on a company level. Apple is also a great place to learn about designing products for user benefit, which is not always apparent in other organizations - designing an experience is of the utmost importance and part of the culture of the company.
Apple has some of the best benefits available in retail. They also have an “assume positive intent” policy which would do other companies well to adopt.
Relaxed environment, relaxed attire. Freedom (to an extent) of how you can present the products. People are generally good to work with (case by case).
very stable company, everyone gets plenty of hours. there is also amazing discounts on hardware, and we get several free licenses on apple and third party products
fast-paced environment, great employees that they hire at apple, fairly good pay, you learn a lot just by going to work about the industry and technology.
Great opportunity for hands-on experience working with new technology. Fulfilling if you enjoy helping people. Good benefits. Healthcare is through UHC unless you're in CA, which is even better for you. Reasonable amount of opportunities for advancement, with preparation and training. The kinds of people Apple attract as employees make for a wonderful group of colleagues. You get certified after training (Apple Certified Macintosh Technician)
Apple is an awesome place to work filled with amazing products and people. Since I've worked there I have made amazing relationships and developed as a professional person.
Great brand, exciting environment, supportive co-workers, good quality of work.
no travel required apple pays $50/month for utilities good benefits/compensation all team members are really nice to chat with
Looks great on your resume. Work with world class engineers.
- Great brand to have in your resume - Sexy products - Great campus, a lot of pride to work there - a lot of smart people - great food in the company restaurant
Get early info on product releases and plans. Get to be in the reality distortion field and understand how it works.
Smart products, smart engineers, smart designers. Everyone motivated. Good tools, budget and equipment. Ultra-cool cachet among peers, plus your Mom has heard of the company. Feels great to come to the campus every day and be part of something so visible.
I worked in a flagship store in New York City. The Genius Bar is fun gig if you don't mind dealing with people when they're freaking about a broken ipod (I didn't mind at all). I met lots of great people: fellow employees, celebrities, academics, artists, musicians, models, etc. The benefits were stellar: 401k, full medical/dental/vision, two weeks paid, discounted stock purchase program, discounts on merchandise.
great produces high energy people live the product
There are many things that I like working here, but with out a doubt I would have to say the network of people you meet here is awesome
You make great money for working in a Best Buy for Apple. You get the benefit of an Apple corporate. You make almost twice your base pay on commission. Most people make 70,000+
To be fair, Apple provides excellent compensation for in-house employees. Benefits, pay and other company perks (stock, health insurance) aren't shabby at all.  A good chunk of management at AppleCare still retains what one could call an "old Apple" feeling. These managers, dwindling in number, have worked with Apple for many years and are laid back, responsive, honest and generally pleasant to work under/with.
Good environment, friendly people who are generally smart and have eclectic backgrounds. You get a lot of freedom to resolve issues. Benefits are decent, and you are working someplace people respect.
interesting products people and environment. cool products and services. a place that promotes employees and gives a good feeling while working.
- Great culture - Great leadership - Good network of alumni
-Great products to sell -Management is normally very cool to work with and quite hands on -Customers leave the store happy with what they bought
- Apple is leading the way. Therefore, a company I was proud working for and products & services I can stand by. - Fun company culture and activities. - Know colleagues outside of my organization that are very happy about their organization structure and management, growth opportunities, and salary.
It was really fun selling computers and helping people out on a one to one basis. overall really cool i thought.
prestige, salary, employee stock purchase plan
lively environment with exciting products
Comfortable and professional working environment. There are certainly opportunities for growth and promotion within the company. There certainly are perks: between employee pricing on apple, and 3rd party products.
Exciting products that you can feel associated with. You are given opportunities to work with smart, creative people. Depending on the team or job, in can be an exciting, challenging experience. Great campus and work environment at corporate headquarters.
They are pretty close to the bleeding edge in their IT departments. You will learn alot.
Generous benefits and perks such as vacation and sick time.
very competent and helpful coworkers, work with the coolest products on the market, gain invaluable product design experience, creative freedom, nice people, beautiful workplace, flexible hours
Great working environment : veryu startup-like Cool perks like discount on Apple gears Very challenging and fulfilling technology
Easy going work environment with managers that allow you to take time service the customer fully not just get them in get them out
Usually great people, Cool technology, You can be yourself, Most customers are fun to work with and train
Great products and fantastic brand
stimulating environment, and smart people
Super-sharp co-workers, prestige of the brand, nice campus and employee services, OK pay, lots of development opportunities for full-time employees.
Determination Strength Confidence and other stuff
Company name, Good Discount, Being able to back a good product.
Incredible cross-functional teamwork - if you know how to network across different groups. There are so many resources available to you if you know how to work it.
-Unique, one of a kind environment -Great working relationships with co-workers and managers -Amazing benefits -Training & development is always available -Hard work does not go unnoticed -Very little micro managing
Really interesting work in most areas (very little dull routine). Outstanding opportunity to work with really smart people in your field. General helpfulness of colleagues is almost uniformly present across teams. Really cool leading-edge products and services you can be proud to help develop. Very intense focus on understanding and helping customers. Lots of opportunity to become "expert" on a subject for the company. Financial health of company is excellent. Very good handle on cost management. Benefits are very good. Equal opportunity is apparent everywhere. Very diverse workforce. A truly international company and workforce.
Great opportunity to work from home as a Student. Managers are understanding of school and work balance. Discount is great!
Good benefits, and great EPP
Large company, great medical/dental/vision plan, company match 401K program.
high-tech, cool factor, tons of toys, shiny modern offices, young and mature crowd, quiet and safe neighborhood near plenty of good place to have lunch .
Innovative, creative and great products
High pay, you have access to any resource you need, you are given tons of freedom in your work, and the work place environment is very free (shorts/t-shirts are common).
Great Compensation for retail Management takes care of employees Nice benefits for part time Fun Job Fast Paced never boring Good way to develop sales skills and knowledge in the technology field
Great Atmosphere. Helpful colleagues. Lot's of enthusiasm. Helpful management with lots of training. Some opportunities for advancement. Fair compensation for work duties. Compensation is not based on commission.
i got to meet and great customers everyday, got to repair amazing apple products, and work with amazing ppl
The Apple Brand Diverse staff from all walks of life Very interesting work that you can be proud of doing
1. Brand name 2. Benefits 3. Great people 4. Decent work-life balance 5. Interesting work 6. Bay area! 7. Entrepreneurial structure
Work is challenging. The projects are interesting. Perks, benefits and compensation is very good. The people I get to work with are all very talented and helpful. Unlike my old company, I know that the products I'm working on will make a significant impact. Management is really good too. That being said, I work in a pretty close knit team so I'm not sure if its like this all over Apple.
A place for a lot of growth, great experience with peers, and management. A lot of information is available through peers and training.
Great pay, great people, pretty cool benifits, and pretty shirts. The amount of people you will meet from this experience will be beyond your imagination.
The best discount ever in the world
There is an employee discount of 25% on Apple products and 10% on third-party accessories. The 25% discount can be used once every three years on laptops and computers, within-reasonable-quantities on accessories, and once a year on everything else (iPods, etc.) This discount does not apply to phones but you do get a 20% discount off AT&T.  The cafeterias are good: They are reasonably priced, have many organic and vegan options, and use compostable containers and utensils. In addition, they host beer bashes every milestone or product launch, and other fun events.
Apple places a very large priority on innovation The people I work with day to day are very smart, creative, and highly motivated to produce killer products
One of the best work environments I've ever been in. If you talk to people and are friendly then you will be just fine!
-great opportunities to advance -relaxed, calm atmosphere -relaxed dress code -discounts and in-store advantages -interesting and fun co-workers -lots of great learning experience
* Readily available knowledge * Enthusiastic work environment * Very Selective Hiring Process * You for the most part can actually believe you are selling something you believe in * 25% off is a nice discount * Supervisors are looking to you to grow yourself
You know you are becoming part of something great, pride in showing off the products you work on to your friends and family. Ability to change outcomes. Working with some of the smartest people on the planet.
The best technology in the industry. Really nice stores and culture. Once you are in it is a really stable job.
Great company culture, excellent reputation. Lot of opportunities to work with intelligent people and interesting customers. Excellent training for certain positions.
Having worked other retail, I can say I've never found the level of respect and training as I have at Apple. Sharp leadership and unparalleled products.
exposure to leading edge technology, intelligent co-workers, generous employee stock purchase plan, on-site fitness center, excellent food-pellets at Cafe mac
Great Products, Great Team, Good Pay
Smart people, good products, competence and focus in abundance. Certain pride you feel working there is warranted. Get to work on/with OS X all day every day.
There is a certain recognition you receive when others hear you work for Apple with it being the high flyer in the industry. There is some flexibility in the hours as long as you get your work done.
Diverse and pleasant workforce in general. Excellent products that remain among the top in the industry. Excellent programs and services to help each customers unique needs. Managers do not expect you to take your work home with you. Employees with more experience willing to help newcomers get up to speed.
I had never worked in retail before starting with the Apple Store, but from my point of view, it seems that Apple is one of the best retail sales positions in the country. The management was competent, the customers were generally well-educated and easy to talk to, and communication among coworkers, management, and customers was above average. I loved working with the Apple staff, they were all generally very easygoing and friendly. Not to mention that the pay was good for an entry level retail position. I would work for Apple again in a heartbeat.
Product discounts, being part of a great team and awesome company. Apple is an innovator in the tech industry and is breaking the rules in retail.
Apple still has a great cachet, and is an exciting place to gain industry experience for a newcomer to the industry. However, it is not the best place for a seasoned executive.
The facilities and work environment are very conducive to thought, problem-solving, collaboration and productivity. Everyone I interact with is genuinely happy to be here, bright, and they bring something of value to the table in every conversation. We work on technologies/products/services that positively impact people's lives.  Apple has been moving in the right direction ever since Mac OS X: Mach-O, Xcode, iTunes, iPod/iPhone - the list keeps growing...
The People, The Products, The Technology
Work on amazing products you can be proud of. Work with some of the highest calibre engineers and designers. Interesting engineering problems, be on the cutting edge of technology
The product, the people, the prestige and the stock options. Not necessarily in that order. Apple is a very rewarding place to work, in both career & financial terms.
Making world class products is really great - there is a strong job satisfaction component from being able to take my grandma to the Apple store and SHOW her my products.
I love working at Apple because of the employees the company hires. You have the opportunity to network with people from all walks of life with different experiences. Also, the work environment is very laid back. Apple does not condemn tattoos or wild hair styles, it actually encourages them. Apple really tries to go out of its way to make its employees feel appreciated.
There are no solid rules about what your job is, so as long as you get your work done right you can kind of make it up as you go along. This gives a lot of flexibility to peruse the aspects of the job that interest you. People at Apple are smart and dedicated, they're there because they enjoy the work. The work is action, not talk, because there's no time to waste.
Very talented group of people, with good creative abilities. Not a lot of politics or disingenuous behavior in my particular workgroup.
Fun working environment. Good benefits and discounts.
discounts on products. if you want a job and your handicapped it is a good place to get one. Cafe and gym on campus locations.
Paid transit subsidiary Slightly above average pay for retail
The company attracts bright, thoughtful, funny, upbeat people. The products the company offers meet the needs of a diverse and large number of people. The services the company provides offer good to excellent values to its customers.
Easy, Laid back environment, Good discounts and benefits, Low stress, not a job where you have to take the work home with you, get paid for something you would probably do for free
There is no "busy-work" at Apple. Everything is done for very good reasons -- there is no wasted work. You're proud of what you do, and people you meet outside of Apple really care about what you do.
-The managers are very caring and interested in what is going on in your life -Everyone works together as a team -There is a great deal of support available to you
awesome products that are easy to sell and a company you can be proud to associate with
Excellent Benefits Package Decent wage QPromo, EPP, ESPP, Friends and family discounts Inside technical information, software and hardware to play with Great co-workers Street cred
You will work with some of the most talented, skilled and amazing people in the world, with some fantastic products. Fun, exciting environment. Great products, and for a retail store, best in the world.
You work on some very cool product
Recognition in the industry You feel to be part of an evolving technology culture
Great job to work at, Great pay and great people
Awesome company to work for, you can not denie working for the brand. This job can really be called one that changes lives.
Best place to work in Bay area. Too many challenging projects
The people that work at Apple are wonderful and it is good fun. If money or long time career aspirations aren't important then it might be a good place to work. Probably would be a good place for a college student living at home looking for some extra bucks, or retiree's that can't bring home too much for fear of upsetting the balance with Social Security.
Making products that you and your friends use. Changing everyday use of technology.
excellent $$$$, usually some free software. you get to wear your own clothes (except for the t-shirt and lanyard they make you wear.)
You'll always be on your toes 'cause pressures come from all directions and everyday is a new challenge. Great place to sharpen your mind while getting getting paid.
Apple is a company that appreciates and values its employees. The pay and benefits are great. It's great to work with people who are passionate about what they do, and it's also a pleasure to work with management that has a clue.
Unlike any place I've ever worked, Amazing inside track on new products and how they work, training is amazingly fun and helpful, very diverse workplace, it's very much like a family
very smart, talented coworkers. casual work culture. not a problem to get time off for personal/life events. modern/progressive company. employee morale is high. paid training. employee discount. ESPP.
Managers give fair intelligent feedback and open, honest, consistent communication, employees are motivated and forward looking. Everyone seems encouraged and happy to be at work.
You will be in the midst of cutting edge, cool technology and will be seen as cool by your friends and customers. You'll only need to by pants, undies, socks, and shoes since you'll always have a new t-shirt. You get discounts on equipment. You may be able to see products that are never put on the sales floor.
great place to work. i highly recommend working there if you like to work with some great technology and poeple.
Always changing. Very flexible. Learn something new every day. Great team environment. High level expectations breeds high level team members.
Selling amazing products. Amazing employees. Apple without a doubt hires great personalities. Training is good. There are times when you feel you are really making a difference.
Working for Apple is awesome. Its a fun atmosphere with lots of great people with impressive backgrounds. There is an incredible amount of energy and excitement with coworkers and customers. Apple as a general sense of wanting to make its working environment the best it can be.
nice compensation as lead genius
Incredible staff. Most people are passionate about their job and really want to make a difference in the company. Most management interactions have been positive. Strong sense of job security in the company with senior executives advising employees not to worry about the economy.
When working at Apple, you get to meet a lot of different people, customers and co-workers. If you are a Specialist, there are some problem solving skills needed. What's great is that you get to really dive deep into the products and get opportunities to learn more about the software and hardware which helps you grow.
very smart people and great products
Proud to be an Apple Employee.
Apple is the type of company that you really want to work for. Senior leadership, products, market reputation are first rate
Apple provides the ability to work on your own or on a team. You make of it what you will.
One shares with very few limitations and much encouragement in a corporate life that expresses the most creativity possible in every encounter. Over many years in corporate life, I have rarely experienced such encouragement for creativity, and been surrounded by creative people pursuing greatness together.
Apple is a great employe
great company, great product, job security (at least for now in 2009), challenging and interesting work
Great coworkers, good pay, happy people, and the ability to work on amazing projects.
Working with cool products. Meet interesting people. Product discounts for you and family. Occasional small bonuses or gifts.
It is nice to be around so may really bright people and I did pretty well financially with my stock options/employee stock purchase plan.
Good place to work, great team, casual working environment, commitment to diversity. Interacting with the customer base can be rewarding. Good benefits of both traditional benefits and product discounts. Favorable brand recognition --everyone is excited to be involved with Apple. The job gives your exposure to a variety of both different coworkers and customers --all unique. It is a growing experience. Great working atmosphere.
The pay is very above average and if you love Apple you'll love this job. The other employees all seem to be great people who share your same values. The management is capable and above average for retail.
Get to work on the coolest stuff. External perception that you are very smart.
Best C level executives in the industry. Company foundation is solid. Company values and principals are great.
Great Product. Somehow, they manage to churn out good products. Salaries are decent. Stock price is going up.
Casual Dress and Great Attitudes of Co-Workers. The majority of people that work at the Apple store are "fan boys" so to speak, so they are all happy to be there and have a lot of pride in the work they do. Compared to other retail in-store computer repair jobs, the mac genius position pays very well. i.e. Geek Squad in store techs make about $12, this position pays around $18.
I feel like I am making a difference in my industry. Innovation is rewarded. Real access to industry leaders.
If you love Apple products and like sharing your enthusiasm about Apple products to people, this is the best job. At times, I didn't even feel like I was working. As a specialist, I was not rushed into completing a sale with anyone. I was allowed to take my time in order to make the customer feel appreciated.
Discounts on Apple products and 3rd party products. Great company to have on a resume. On the job Learning.
Pride of working on best products with the most talented people. A startup agility in a big corporation. Instant and direct feedback that allows you to improve your skills. Be part of a success story. Opportunity to grow vertically and laterally.
Working for Apple can be something you take pride in - I write software that my whole family (and millions of other people) get to see and use every day. My work is usually interesting, and I'm mostly surrounded by very smart people.  My manager is not typical - he is respectful of my life outside of work. My work schedule is very flexible thanks to that. I'm always able to take vacations, and I'm able to telecommute once a week, sometimes twice if I need to. I haven't come into the office on the weekend at all during the last 4-5 years.  Since 2007-2008, our cafeteria is awesome. It really sucked before that. The burrito bar kicks ass now. Cafeteria food costs $$$ - it's not free.
Smart people to work with, great pay and benefits--you can essentially carve your own niche if you have enough ambition and can work with the right people to get where you want to go. You will have to put in LOTS of extra hours, but travel opportunities abound and if you are not limited by family obligations and have extraordinary drive, you can go as far as you want to go. I met a number of extraordinary people there, some who will be friends for life. The informal Apple alumni network has also been extremely valuable in my post-Apple life.
Always something new! Great customers, great co-workers, great products. Opportunities for advancement exist -- Apple expects the best and promotes the best. Feedback from management is fair, frequent and consistent. Training is expected and encouraged. Overall, compensation is fair. Co-workers are terrific people overall and very supportive in general.
It's the best entry level retail job I've had, or heard of. No commission, acceptable pressure to make sales, and the best "dress code" in the business. Everyone working there is happy to be there, and is fun to hang out with. I've never had a retail job where coworkers actually wanted to hang out after work- and neither have I had one where management/the company wasn't bashed every chance we got.
The opportunity to work with an amazing and varied cadre of individuals. It IS retail with all that entails, but the quality of customers in general is better than General retail, if that makes sense. Consistency is definitely the goal, a consistently high quality level of service, and Apple is one of the most responsive companies I've worked for when comes to addressing issues with it be regarding employees or customer's gripes. That's not to say it's perfect, far from it, there's definitely a lot of room for improvement and transparency. Also better communication amongst the various groups, teams and departments within Apple would go a long way towards resolving any misunderstandings, something which is sorely lacking right now.
Great benefits for all full-time employees at all levels of the company. Discounts on Apple products. You will be working with other very smart like-minded people which is not something that can be said of all places. One of the most prestigious employers in the computer industry. Discounts and free software from third parties.
Fun, lots of stuff to do. Never bored.
Benefits, Benefits, Benefits! Pay is not necessarily the highest in the industry, but Apple benefits look more like corporations of old, minus a pension.
Great products, great discounts, great place to work
Apple is a company that offers good opportunities to employees who work hard, and a place were weaker employees are given chances, and help to improve their abilities. There is an amount of prestige associated with positions at Apple which can lead to great job opportunities after you leave the company. A great amount of time and effort is expended to train employees to be able to perform at a high level, and reach their full potential. A great amount of effort is made to work with people to provide them with a working schedule that works for them, and the rest of their life.
The brand, the opportunities, cash in the bank
Coworkers are very high quality
Apple is retail 2.0. They handle customers as people and not units. They not only allow you to work with the same customer for a onger period of time, but encourage it, as the stores are compared not only by sales, but also HEAVILY by customer feedback.
Apple is an incredible company. They offer amazing benefits, including Health, dental, 401k (matching), vision, gym memberships, ESPP, and education reimbursement. The people that Apple as a company attracts as employees are also amazing. For the most part you'll enjoy the staff you work with at the store and even management on a personal level. Apple has a great training program that involves sending all new hires to California or Texas for training for two weeks. During this time all expenses are paid, including food, hotel, and travel expenses. Apple will later pay for your re-certifications every year. The training is top-notch.
To say you work for Apple. Apple has created a dynamic workplace where the workers are always going through some type of training to keep up with the always changing product line. They really believe in the success of their workers and develop them for advancement within the company. Apple is Awesome. The perks of working at this innovative technology company are also fabulous.
Great people, great products. The managers are extremely protective of employee's break times, and they treat employees with respect. There is a great sense to teamwork and camaraderie amongst the teams, and a lot of people hang out together outside of work. The training is thorough and there is always mentoring going on. They do their absolute best to make for a positive customer experience, and it's unlike any other retail anywhere, period.
The atmosphere is simply amazing. Everyone is a "pretty person" and they're all very smart and fun to talk to. You also get the added benefit of knowing you work for an amazing brand.
Apple is a great place to work because everyone seems to get along really well. A lot of customers think that we work off commission but we do not and I like that. I feel that if we did then there would be a lot more tension amongst the employees. They are very good when you request time off (as long as its 2 weeks in advance) as well as allowing you to switch shifts with people and they really try to make it fun at work and not like a "day at the office."
You enjoy being treated as less than human. You're desperate and can't find anything else.
Great Products, Fair Discounts, One of the most innovative companies that you could ever think to work for. Changes lives! Constant product development. They really try to focus on the customer and providing an enriching experience to keep them coming back for more.
Apple is unquestionably a cool company and working for it definitely feels different (and better) than other retail gigs I've had. Benefits are great and you really do become better at what you do the longer you're there and in a meaningful way. Things can get hectic, but all in all, it's more fun than other retail without a doubt.
If you're looking for the cool factor, Apple is a great place to be. It can be fun to say you work for Apple.
Working on something relevant and respected means the best and the brightest stick around, even if it's not the highest compensated place to work. Intelligence is thick there, and it's easy to learn something you are interested in directly from the person who designed it.
Everyone knows where you work and they think it's awesome. You get to play with all of the latest software and toys, and work for one of the most profitable companies in the world.
High level of independence, professional growth. Good for young folks who haven't picked a direction yet.
Kind bosses, a lot of busy work and useful work. You aren't responsible for doing dumb things. You get paid time off, insurance, benefits. There are monthly bonuses and incentives. Your management is very nice and understand if things come up. The hours aren't bad. The customers are very responsive and enjoy speaking with you.
They pay you good the people are nice ect, ect, ect, ect, ect
Excellent pay, you don't have to serve people food, if you're in to consumer electronics it can be interesting sometimes, customers are usually nicer to you than they would be elsewhere. You get discounts on a lot of third party products that apple sells, and if you take more than just a seasonal job you also get discounts on apple products themselves. Having just a high base rate of pay rather than working on commission makes for a low pressure sales environment in which you can just be honest with the customer (most of the time).
Great co-workers, good sense of camaraderie. Great benefits, great discounts. Proud to be helping people get such an amazing product. Very good training resources, constant internal systems and efficiency improvements, open to suggestions.
The best reason to work for AAPL is the stock, the street cred after the fact, the discounts and occasional free iPod/iPhone, and meeting customers who love the product. Benefits if you survive the bureaucratic gauntlet to FT
The best reason to work for Apple is to abuse the discount. 25% off retail is price impressive. Thats 700 dollars off the 2499 macbook pro model. This really helped me throughout school only having to work for retail part time. The other great reason is debit card for caltrain, bus, and bart. Apple gives you 100 dollars in the form of a credit card that you can use to commute, or joyride to the city on your days off.
Producing great consumer media applications Appreciation for quality Interesting people Being in a strong position in the industry Creative thinking
Great benefits, good discounts on the products, getting to learn while on the job, awesome t-shirts, discounted stock, excellent company to have on a resume, usually a pretty fun work environment  Day to day the job is pretty cool. Most coworkers are on the same wavelength as you, so it's usually pretty easy to get a long with people. Higher up in the chain, it appears that the top level of management really does listen to employee concerns and they make attempts to address problems. (Unfortunately this is usually botched by local level management). Overall though, it's a great day job, but not something I want to do for the rest of my life.
Great products, great benefits. Really great vision and mission statements. Very innovative company.
The quality of life factor. Yes they don't pay as much as they should but man is it a blast to see a persons face when you show them dashboard to iPhoto and they light up like a candle.
Working for Apple is best if you like having a peer group to learn from and grow with. You get out of Apple what you put in. You really can't be a super rock star to it alone type, since the process of creating a product requires many hundreds of people. An individual can come up with and promote their own idea - and then see a support group grow around it if the executive team decides to productize it. This is quite different from other companies where individual contributions are not respected nor desired. Apple lets you be creative, and rewards that.
Its a fun place to work
It allows people to be themselves and be happy to go to work every day. You can have tattoos and dress how you want and they accept you because you are you. It makes it so that it doesn't seem like you are going to work or dreading going to work.
There is a fantastic culture in the store. Everyone is so relaxed and friendly. It's like one happy family. Great place to socialize with customers and co-workers. Great products of course - If you're as passionate as most of the workers are, then it won't seem like work.  Another great side - Management doesn't breathe down your neck all the time. Although, they do have to meet a quota for Mobile me, applecare, onetoone sales so sometimes they can hassle you if your numbers are low.  Also, if you want time off, they're quite flexible. You just need to give three weeks notice.
You're involved in something that's changing the world. That's huge & exciting in itself. You're also working with very very intelligent people, so there's always an opportunity to learn. The cafeteria is phenomenal & you can wear whatever you like.
You work with some of the brightest, smartest, most creative people you will ever meet.
Great product, fun coworkers, fun overall atmosphere.
Working at Appled means absolutely everyone on the planet knows who you work for, the name brand is very powerful and means a) when you're doing things with customers or suppliers, they listen, and b) the best resume builder you can dream of. There is a lot of mystic associated with the Appled image and many tech employers place great weight to it. Additionaly, because of the ridiculously high volume they do for some products, the work environment allows you exposure to extreme volume production, meaning you can do a lot of things and explore a lot of areas you aren't allowed to do at smaller firms.
My current position permits me to have a very flexible schedule, I basically set my own work schedule. It's nice having access to the latest gear from Apple as well as the myriad of software. My immediate management is excellent. Benefits and salary are good.
The best reason to work at Apple is there were some open box sales for employees in addition to the employee discount. The employee discount was limited to like one or two big purchases a year. It was at least 25% off if remember correctly.  Opportunity to advance was made known and could be initiated. I was under the impression you could end up at corporate if you kept your focus.  The retail environment was very positive and productive
This post relates only to corporate sales, not Apple stores, and not working for Apple Corporate in Cupertino. As an account executive, the group (e.g. Higher Education, K-12, Corporate or Channel) you work for makes a huge difference. The products are great, and the benefits are great. Customers love the products, and hence generally want to work with you. It's a company you can take pride in at the high level.
Fun products, and fun people
Smart co-workers, good products, pretty campus.
Apple is a company with a huge focus on customer satisfaction and delivering transformational products. There are many useful CSE and selling techniques that are taught. These techniques are a solid foundation for any selling environment. The products are constantly changing and updating so there is a challenge involved in making sure the employees are constantly training to be knowledgeable about all the products.
Coolest company to work for, period!
great staff great products word
Creativity and Flexibility are valued as employee qualities. The company makes outstanding products.
High Morale overall. Competent and respectful Senior Management.Products you can be very proud of.
Great Place to work, amazing company, amazing vision. High level though to take care of its people and customers.
Some of the best reasons to work for apple is the fact that as an employee you have the closest environment to products that you should be passionate about
The knowledge discounts and people
Having the name on your resume is nice as most other employers will be impressed. The amazing Marketing machine that Apple is brings a lot of status wearing the badge. You can have pride in the products that Apple sells as they are truly the best products in its market.
Products, technology, benefits, work environment.
Great products, great reputation, great ads.
Groundbreaking technology, fabulous products, excellent salary and benefits, high-pressure but exciting corporate culture, products are developed by teams, so each employee has a chance to contribute to making the product better, generally can get the resources and support needed for essential work on products, visionary leadership.
Great company vision, amazing team.
Great diverse ecosystem Gay friendly
This is the most fun company to work for. As an employee, you are apart of a revolution every day. You will work with the smartest people you've ever met, and your superiors at the corporate level will inspire you.
Design the coolest product. What more?
independent work environment, exciting and forward thinking products. Very casual environment with senior management. Being a relatively young person, I've found my management tree has been very good about compensating good work, regardless of age.
Apple provides a unique work environment in that most coworkers are enthusiastic about the products directly relates to a great customer experience. In my years there I have found that Apple looks out for customers first, unlike most retail chains. They are dedicated to the consumer and dedicated to employees. Management does their best to accommodate all people from all walks of life. You are allowed to express your individuality within the walls of Apple
The best reason to work for Apple is the technical training. The salaries are high but lower that the people who worked before our new group came in. There seems to be a turnover about every 18 months and you can be fired for cause. There is no tolerance for being late or not showing up to work without calling in. You will get warning letters but if you are not liked by your management you will have a hard time.
It is just a really fun place to work where you get to use and sell the latest and greatest consumer technology of any company in the world. You get to sell product that are genuine and that you know are the best of their kind. Everyone uses a handheld cash register to ring people up on the spot. Just about everyone you work with is extremely friendly. There is an energy in the store unlike anything I have ever seen, like everyone is just so happy to be there, employees and customers alike. There are always customers bustling in and out of the stores, sometimes to many to handle, but you never feel intimidated. You actually feel like you can help everyone in the store with what they need. There is no commission, which is a good thing for three reasons. First, so there is no competition between you and other employees, everyone works together to answer the customer's questions and get them what they need. Second, you don't have to be pushy when trying to sell a customer something, which allows you to almost build a relationship with the customer. There are various customers who will come in now and say, "Hey, how are you doing? How's your family? I'm doing great, my Mac runs wonderful." Third, there are no goals to meet every week or month. Sure, you try to do your best, but you are not going to go home hungry or get reprimanded if you don't, which is so nice, and lets us be laid back and casual while still being productive.
The products are great! I really like the people I work with. Gives me great opportunity to connect with my peers. Great entry level position to get me into the world of sales. Has tremendous networking opportunity. Lets you be creative in the the most competative and exciting field there is out there: Sales. What's great about this company is you can do so much within the boundaries of the company in so many areas. While the Apple culture is fairly strict when it comes to the image, you can always count on your fellow teamates to keep your creative juices flowing in the right direction.
Very bright people to work with. Fast-paced environment. Risk-taking acceptable. Judged by performance. Chance to learn about many areas int he business, but at a break-neck pace.
Working retail at Apple is really one of the most high energy positions I think I've ever had in sales. The employees and management are very upbeat and genuinely happy to be there and ask questions. It's always stressed that as a Specialist, you are NOT a salesperson, but rather a source of information - you are there to inform customers about the products so that they can make the best decision possible rather than pushing them to buy this or that, and as much as that sounds like some kind of corporate line, I always found it to be true in practice. I was never really pushed to sell more or less of any specific product. There are daily/monthly/yearly metrics, yes, but as retail employees don't work on commission, they're more used to track your own sales and progress - there's also some friendly competition between sales staff as well. Management is usually very helpful and accommodating - they can sometimes be inundated with any number of things, but usually if you simply remind them a couple times that you need to sit down for something, etc., they always do their best to find time to resolve your issues.
We produce innovative and compelling products for consumers which makes it a compelling place to work at times. Most people are here because they are talented at what they do and they are happy about being at work so that creates a productive vibe in the office.
Great team to work with and the employees were motivated. It is exciting to work for a company that is doing well and takes care of the employees the way they do. Benefits are pretty well rounded also and pay is good.
Apple is full of lots of toys and plenty of good people to work with. Everyone loves their new Macs as soon as they open them up at home. With innovative products like the iPhone 3G and new Macbook lineup, there are always new customers swarming the stores. There is plenty of opportunity to learn how to multi-task as well as communicate effectively with team mates and customers.
I love the company & their products. Fun atmosphere.
It's a cool place to work and I get to wear jeans and T shirt to work. Good benefits. It's fun most of the time and they're pretty flexible. Good discounts if you like apple stuff. Good stock purchase program. Mac Genius get mad respect most of the time. Mac Genius is the heart of the Apple Store
The people in AppleCare are generally very friendly and supportive. Management usually does a good job in letting you balance your work and social life. They will usually help you find positions outside of AppleCare, should you want to leave, but still retain employment at APpple in some way. AppleCare really can be a fun and rewarding place to work, but be prepared to be stuck in practically the same job forever. There are basically two levels: managers and everyone else. If you don't want to be a manager, you will find almost no opportunity for job growth at all.
You get to make a difference on products that people love to use. You might have more influence on the overall product at a smaller company, but you can have a significant impact on products that millions of people use and which set the direction for entire industries. Nothing compares to the thrill of having a product you've worked hard on being announced at Macworld or WWDC to glowing reviews, and then seeing people all over the place using it.  Also, unlike some other large companies, Apple's teams run small. This means that nearly everyone's working on something really important to their product, and that at least within your own area of influence it's pretty easy to get things done.
Great brand and marketing. Cool products. Beer bashes are fun if you have time to get there.
The people with whom I work are incredibly dedicated, competent, and feel a tremendous ownership and pride in the work that they do. There's an intense desire to do good work and to do work that our customers will love. In addition, the fact that the work that we do at Apple is seen and used (and hopefully, loved) by so many people is an immense source of satisfaction.
Job Security, Great on Resumes, Wonderful coworkers, and you can get your iphone swapped for free if there's a problem with it.
The Apple culture is amazing, whether you work for the company or not. It's also great to work for a company that's recognized as an innovator and having people respect you because of that, even if in the end you're just another employee in the retail field. Along with that culture comes the fact that they hire the right people, for the most part. You will quickly build a family at work, that is if you want to.
Interesting job environment, and just a cool company in general. Flexible on personal stuff, some advancement for growth -- course it depends if you're retail or corporate. In general, my experience was pretty positive. I don't think it's the best place in the world to work, but it would rank pretty high on my list, and I would consider going back if some changes were made (more on my side than Apple's).
If you love Apple and it's products, it's a great place to work. Of course with any job there are bad times, but honestly I can't remember a day when I didn't have fun at work. The customers might not have always been the greatest, but working with the great people at Apple always seemed to reverse anything a customer could do.
Working in the Apple Retail stores is very fun and exciting. My management emphasized greatly in teamwork and getting the job done together. It honestly felt like a big family. It was a very relaxed, fast-paced environment. We'd all help each other if we saw a teammate falling behind in some way.  The management team was always fun and positive. Every morning they'd start off by acknowledging the top sellers of the previous day. There would even be occasions when we'd have fun sales contests.  Overall, Apple is really a great company to work. If you love technology and everything Apple, or just beautiful designed products, this company is so worth working for.
Great people from very diverse areas joined as one.
Very motivating. Fun atmosphere. The strong products drive people.
The fellow employees are great to work with. Most of them are very friendly and very helpful when you have a question. Teamwork is encouraged. Managers are easy to work with for the most part.
the experience of working in a high-class atmosphere with wonderful people, products, and innovations. there's always something new to play with. the benefits are awesome, as well.
The Employees are cool and you learn alot about Apple Computers.
Recognition of the company name by general public. Employee discounts/benefits. Free meals at times. Company hierarchy is pretty flat, easy access to upper management. Developers, QAs, marketing, documentation, managers, ...etc. all work together as a team, in constant communication. Most of the first line manager are very technical, often required to code just like the other developers, so it's easier to communicate with the manager. Get to work on great products that have profound impact on people's daily life.
At Apple, you have the chance to advance an industry. The company leads the world in several fields, they actively seek continuous improvement in the product, and it's very rare for technical workers to be led by non-technical managers.
other than the discount... getting to work with cool tech and a great company
Creating great products that people love.
unlimited advancement potential if that is what you want. A fun group to work with. Varied talents of staff increase joy of working there
Great place great people love to work here cant think of a better place just they need to remember the little people who help get us here and not forget our roots
Always an interesting work day. The people you work with are generally great friends. The benefits and pay are far superior to other retail jobs.
Wonderful environment with great coworkers in all positions.
Excellent and friendly coworkers, and a good work environment. Apple is on the cutting edge of technology. Apple actually cares about customer service, and the store definitely leans toward making customers happy. We are allowed a lot of latitude in this regard as well. The benefits are excellent, we get medical, dental, vision, 401k. There is also an employee stock purchase program. Good career opportunities for the future.
1) This is one of the brand companies to work for. 2) You get chance to work internals of some of the best product . 3) team members are quite responsible. They will carry out their responsibility very well. 4) But some team members were really dumb. So sometimes I was surprised how can they be in Apple.
Excellent opportunities for advancement. Lots of excitement. Great benefits and perks. Opportunity to work with a lot of creative, talented and driven individuals. Actively supports diversity.
You're working on the best products ever, and you personally can make a difference.
As a company, Apple is probably one of the greatest places you will ever find to work. The environment is extremely casual and as a whole, morale is consistently high. There are very few jobs where you can literally wear whatever you want every day, and you will be hard pressed to find a more exciting place. The pay is great compared to similar jobs at other companies, and they are supposed to hire within the company first for promotions rather than hiring in outside work, so job security is relatively stable. The customers are enthusiastic and excited about the products, so if you share the passion, work is always very fun. Most days, your shift is over before you know it.
Great technologies, great solutions, always something new to learn and show customers. Can't get enough of it in most cases. Love to share with new customers cool things the Mac can do.
It is just a really fun place to work where you get to use and sell the latest and greatest consumer technology of any company in the world. You get to sell product that are genuine and that you know are the best of their kind. Everyone uses a handheld cash register to ring people up on the spot. Just about everyone you work with is extremely friendly. There is an energy in the store unlike anything I have ever seen, like everyone is just so happy to be there, employees and customers alike. There are always customers bustling in and out of the stores, sometimes to many to handle, but you never feel intimidated. You actually feel like you can help everyone in the store with what they need. There is no commission, which is a good thing for three reasons. First, so there is no competition between you and other employees, everyone works together to answer the customer's questions and get them what they need. Second, you don't have to be pushy when trying to sell a customer something, which allows you to almost build a relationship with the customer. There are various customers who will come in now and say, "Hey, how are you doing? How's your family? I'm doing great, my Mac runs wonderful." Third, there are no goals to meet every week or month. Sure, you try to do your best, but you are not going to go home hungry or get reprimanded if you don't, which is so nice, and lets us be laid back and casual while still being productive.
Apples compensation plan is by far one of the highest in retail.After working retail for over 3 years, and finding apple, I am already extremely satisfied. The add-ons as a specialist are part of job and its the same as all retail, push the product to the customers. Apple puts its people right after its customers, which is very rare. They ask you how you think the company is doing once a quarter with a survey. They also provide a great discount plan!
There is no dress code, you can wear jeans and t-shirts and flip flops every day. Even my manager does this. Each employee is given a free apple every day by the cafeteria. This is the health plan for the temporary employees, which is more than what most companies offer to their temporary employees. There are frequent keg parties and off-site parties for various departments, and I am told by the permanent employees that they are very fun. So if you'd like a permanent job, that would be a perk. Also, you get a very shiny Mac to use at your desk.
Great pay and benefits. Fun technology. Apple has cool street cred.
They pay for my metro card, and it's a good hourly wage. The other employees are mostly nice, and everyone seems to get along. You don't have to know everything as other employees are always willing to help answer questions. It's nice to just be able to talk honestly about the products, which I and most of the employees love, and really help customers out.
Discounts and health insurance, along with working along side some very smart people.
In the apple store your fellow employee are the best reason to go to work. The in store employees are great people. The healthcare, stock options and employee discounts are great. You get to learn about the newest apple products. Depending on your position you may be able to learn new skills or practice your passions while at work. For every 1 bad customer there are 100's that make going to work fun.
The discounts and medical benefits mainly. Working with technology and meeting interesting people helped kill time.
Great technology. Innovative products that work without complaints from customers. Clean, safe environment to work in. Talented people work there, but not in the management ranks. Good discounts on company products for employees.
Opportunity for advancement, excellent training
Excellent people, to work it and amazing applications to work on.
Apple employes some fantastic people who are smart and hard working. The company is growing and continues to do well. From a brand standpoint, there are few better companies to work if you are in the tech/consumer products industry. Getting to work on exciting and successful products is a privilege. The culture is innovative and entrepreneurial. No bureaucracy or red tape in the way of getting things done.
Products are exciting. Co-workers are nice and sincere. Engineers are smart, awesome, and best in class.
Apple is a fast paced environment. It does require long hours and dedication to work there. With a company as innovative and clandestine as Apple, trusting Senior Leadership is a must. I had no problems with this at all since I saw them on the upswing.
Great company to work, surrounded by dedicated Apple enthusiasts like yourself. The store staff is truly dedicated to helping each customer. Come in with a smile, and you'll get what you want, usually.
Apple brand name. Very exiting projects. Bright colleagues. Fun/relaxed work atmosphere. You can see direct result of your work enjoyed by millions across the world. That's really a shot of changing the world !
Working at apple is great because it has great products, great people, and great atmosphere. I love not working on commission, because you can truly sit there and have a deep talk with the customer, and just talk about computers and things that they are going to be using it for, this allows for a much deeper connection, and makes people feel better about what their buying. Thats something thats great about apple, you believe in what you sell for the most part. They are great computers most of the time, and the iphone ipod touch etc are amazing gadgets. The people that work there are also great, and I have met many friends that I have become close with. Also, the managers are very caring, and for the most part are there to either fix a mistake, or facilitate a smooth interaction between you and a customer. This is a very good quality that every manager should have, and having the power and ability to help someone out by going to the manager is a great satisfying feeling. If i feel someone shouldnt have to pay for something, or they've been treated badly before and it isn't right, then I can talk to the manager and for the most part he/she will agree with me. I love having that power to truly help someone. Along similar lines, is that you aren't trying to sell someone something they don't want, so you can be completely straight forward and honest. Say hey these are the great things about this computer, but if you personally don't feel justified for spending this much money? Then go somewhere else and buy another computer if thats what you prefer, theres no difference for me. I tell people that all the time, I say hey I'm not on commission, and if you don't want to buy this thats absolutely fine with me, I personally think that it is a worthy investment but that of course is your choice, and I wont push it on you. What I WILL do is inform you, and give you the information you need to make an informed decision because ultimately I want you to be happy with your choice. That is a great thing about this place, being able to really help, and be a completely honest unmasked person, not working for money based motives. And if people ask you questions you don't know, you arent forced to lie, or make something up to sound good, you walk over to a computer and google it, or find someone else who knows the answer and get the information. No stress of sounding right, because if you aren't right, you just go to someone else and find the right answer.
Products are great and innovative.
Killer benefits package. Reasonably priced, on-site food (Cafe Mac). Employee discount. Awesome corporate culture (quarterly beer bashes, no issues with visible tattoos/piercings, non-existent dress code, okay to be an individual and not a business-casual drone. Occasional opportunity to do something incredible that can change the world. GLBTQ-friendly. Many options to work-from-home/telecommute.
They give me great benefits and paid vacation. i have a strong relationsihp with my team and i very much enjoy going to work because of the environment i work in. It may be a huge company but it is easy for employees to connect with each other. I also get a discount on all the products and i was also given the 8gb iphone. The company makes me feel like i am a huge contributor to the company.
It's fun deailing with interesting people all day. I never r stop learning.
1. Company is managed by best management team in the world 2. Products make you feel proud 3. Salaries are competitive 4. CEO is great
great brand, lots of opportunity for growth with the brand, retail...they get it. the pay is good and it can be a fun job where you can make friends in a non-competitive environment
If you love Apple, its exciting to be around all the newest and best technology. I was a promotor of Apple products before working here and thats all I do in the store. Most of the other employees there are really cool and I've made some life long friends, but some are kinda odd as well. Most of the managers listen to me when I have a problem at work or at home, and are very willing to help.
Apple has a unique work environment that both encourages and requires independence and the ability to be versatile. Aside from working on the newest and greatest consumer products, Apple's fast pace enables one to learn and gain much more experience quickly than one would at other companies where work is slower.  For those who like to travel, Apple can be a great experience leading to opportunities and luxuries that one would typically not be able to enjoy themselves.
Apple Inc has amazing products, and is commitment to innovation unlike most companies. Cash flow to employees is fairly limited and based on what I know, no one will think themselves paid well until they make the jump into director level and beyond. However, there's amazing equity appreciation available in a company that carries such a high market valuation. People there are very smart and generally motivated. The "supporting" roles around the products are also motivated, but at times they may not be as committed as your team needs them to be. Ultimately, there's a poor work and life balance at Apple.
As intern: contest to come up with business ideas, executive speaker series where you get to hear from the whole apple management, snack rooms where you can get candy/redbull/etc, food in the cafeteria, beer bashes
Get to work on all the new hardware. Get to work my own hours pretty much.
The Culture. Apple is all about innovation and really makes their employees feel that even they can make a difference in whatever role they are working. I was impressed with all the management I encountered and the open door culture at Apple.
You learn alot about software and hardware. The people (coworkers) are great and it truly feels like you're a part of something bigger.
It is one of the most exciting tech companies in the world that is re-writing history with it's amazing products. The compensation and benefits are great. And the work environment is ideal.
You get the opportunity to enrich and transform lives with some of the coolest technology known to man.
Great vibe and great place to move up. The level of stress in the job is also pretty small. Only on product days do things get crazy but on the usual day its a great vibe to work there. You get to help people out and its a good feeling.
one of the best reasons to work for apple is that it has a really creative, young, energetic culture. i think a big part of it is that the company makes really awesome market-leading products that people get excited about months in advance of release. whenever a new product launches, people who work at apple get really excited, and there's a certain amount of pride associated with being a part of this company. another cool thing is that i think that the senior management share a pretty common vision of what the potential of their products are, where they want to take the company, etc.
If you're lucky you get to work on cutting edge products. Employees are generally happy to be working at Apple which creates a positive environment to work in. Free Apple products.
People are friendly, talented and interested in their work. Managers respect employees and appreciate their hard work, and are most often technically adept themselves. People really care about getting the best quality possible in our products.
paid training, great people to work with (aside from management), paid training
Information is shared all the way down to the lowest levels. For example, when I worked in manufacturing in the nineties relatively sensitive information about sales, forecasts, and new products were routinely shared with the lowest level worker. In addition information about salary guidelines up to the director level were readily available to all employees.  The ability to move horizontally in the company is fairly easy. It is not uncommon for a person to have had jobs within the company in several different distinct groups. For example a New Products manager may have experience in Human Resources, Materials, and Facilities.
Benefits, good people to work for, great customers on average.
Passionate, devoted, creative employees. Bleeding edge, great products. Industry visionary and leader. Average compensation, stock has been great.
Opportunity to learn a great deal about the products. Flexible work arrangement. Great group of people to work with and to learn from while enjoying superior products.
Fun environment, good training, nice people, excellent discount. Company always seemed to care for it's employees, even at a retail level. Low turnover and company maintains high goals for moving people from Retail to Corporate.
You're at one of the leading companies in the world. Where if you play you're cards right it might lead to growth in both the retail and corporate life at Apple. If you're really smart you will be proactive and take all teh little benefits that come your way and make as much from it for personal growth.
Fun people, fun products. There are lots of smart people to learn from and plenty of opportunities to try different things.
Exposure to new technologies. You will work with amazingly smart people and learn how to fix everything Apple.
The work environment is fast-paced and the people genuinely care, at least for the most part. There is a strong sense of community within the store, and it has been a great place to develop friendships and to learn. Some days you get the chance to really make a customer's day, or to turn a bad situation into a positive one, and that can be very rewarding. The chance to make a customer's day is worth coming to work for in the morning, and management is (mostly) supportive of employees who go out of their way to do this, which is encouraging.
Benefits and time off. The benefits are very good. So is the time off and vacations. I also think there is good work life balance. California laws allow for great benefits. Steve Jobs is revered at the company. Is seems to be a great leader and everyone is excited about the products. Employee discounts on products are a plus too.
Passionate people, awesome products, great technology. Things aren't always done by the book, but things get done. There aren't strong guidelines in terms of procedure, just make it work.
A chance to say you work for a "cool" company, that outsiders admire for the most part. There's also a chance to be involved in a great innovative energy that you might not get elsewhere. Sort of a halo effect from the creativity that occurs all over, not just in engineering. At the end of the day, its nice to be recognized for being part of the effort. All in all, its a good community to be involved with.
Keeps you on your toes, always improving. Great HR services.
Independent work culture making you manage ur workload.....
Better than average pay, excellent benefits for full time employees, including stock options. Above average training for skill positions, opportunities to grow if you are the right "type". Access to internal knowledge of products. Excellent corporate support for employees. Often get a "bonus" at end of year - usually an iPod. Somewhat "glamourous" I guess, you may impress your friends if you work there. Excellent discounts (25% off one full system per year, 15% off other systems, 10-15% off product including 3rd party product, lots of partnership discounts and offers.) T-Shirts provided.
The company is charged and on a roll. Products are exciting and the recognition is good for the ego. If you want to get to the heart of all things Apple, you need to work there. Few outside experts exist. The facilities are top notch, the food great (and subsidized) and the general culture makes day-to-day interactions easy. The benefits package offers the best healthcare (United), a 401k match, stock options plan, health club, and an extensive discount-sharing program with third party vendors.
Great people. Challenging and interesting work.
Plenty of potential for promotion from within. Company encourages a balance of work and home life, so they try to minimize work calls or emails during days off. Company has a lot of respect for employees diversity. Company culture is geared around a great customer service outlook. Initial training provides a great customer service training. There is a lot of promotion potential inside the company due to growth. Employee morale is high. There is a lot of communication between managers and staff. Compensation seems to be higher than in like companies.
Great place to work if your an Apple "fan Boy" and think the company can do no wrong. The benefits are good and you can purchase Apple stock at a discount. This may be the best reason to work for Apple. Discounts on hardware is OK, but products must ship from CA, can't be purchased from retail stock. Retail stock discount is only 10% and excludes some products such as Bose.
Apple hires very well, your coworkers will be extremely talented and smart. You can learn a lot, fast, and you have the satisfaction of working for one of the best loved brands in the world. Too, the employee perks are good and getting better, albeit under pressure from GOOG.
Great company to work for. Great products. Good employee discounts (Were better before iPhone 3G became subsidized). Good discounts with other businesses as well. Very laid back atmosphere (Never been somewhere that didn't have a dress code before). People have even interviewed while dressed up in costumes and gotten hired.  Unlike many call centers I have worked at, Apple actually has time available to be used in the case of a family member being sick. This is extremely helpful when you are a parent with children in daycare, which is all to common these days.
IF - if - you qualify, getting benefits for a retail job is definitely a plus. Currently I'm scheduled for 39 hours a week - just shy of the standard 40 that pushes you into a "full-time" employee. It's frustrating. It's not uncommon to be asked to pick up shifts for other employees, but in the end that doesn't affect your status as full-time as opposed to part-time.  The camaraderie, though, that's something else. I've worked in two different Apple stores but always felt like I had an instant group of friends when I've joined. The employees are usually smart, savvy people. Nerdy to some degree, yes, but also very often very hip and very passionate about something in the creative arts. If it wasn't for these guys, I never would have come back to work for Apple retail in the first place.
Cool company, outstanding growth potential, and enough action in a day's work to keep you from getting bored. You'll meet all sorts of people. Especially if you get into the habbit of doing Personal Shopping appointments, or you are entered into a GYO program.
The brand and reasonable discounts. People tend to be excited to hear you work there. Usually is fun to come to work and be able to interact with a wide range of people.
Simply put it's a very relaxed company to work with, while there are also fantastic advancement opportunities. Due to the two divisions, corporate and retail it makes it so there is quite a bit of advancement opportunities, if you can make the networking connections.
Discount on products. Teach people not to use PCs.
Apple is an exciting place to work. The people who work at Apple Retail are intelligent (for the most part) and very excited to work there. In addition, it's a great place to network with the customers Apple attracts.
Working with a few very bright and creative people.
The Apple atmosphere as well as the oppurtunity to be on the inside line of Apple products
friendly work environment, solid new employee training, paid technology training, flexible hours for parttime employees, great product discounts, very satisfying to provide terrific services that change lives, best customer service provider in the world, great cooperation and support among non-management employees, cool & modern facilities,
The best reasons to work for Apple is the ability to have exciting work. You can work on exciting technology that changes the industry. Furthermore, many managers at Apple provide ample flexibility in coordinating work and personal life. There have been many instances in which I was able to accommodate a personal task within a work day or work vacation in when I wanted, not necessarily when the company wanted. The amount of respect the company gives you is also very rewarding. You're not treated as a replaceable piece, but rather as a valuable asset that they would like to keep around for a long time.
Awesome Discounts and you work for one of the most amazing companies in the world. You always have awesome coworkers but theres always that bad egg in the batch. Awesome Pay and Free t-shirts! The also have a amazing benefits program with awesome perks. You are also always in the "know".
You can say you work for Apple. At least you always get paid on time. You get good health benefits, discount stock purchase every 6 months, 401k matching up to 6% (less than 2 years 50% match, 2-5 years 75% match, over 5 years 100% match)
Apple offers excellent medical benefits as well as a 401k plan and employee stock purchase plan. In addition, Apple tends to give their employees free promotional items when major new products come out.
Apple is one of the most high profile companies around, so when you work here, you constantly see the results of your labors out in the world. Apple's customer base ranges from loyal to fanatical, so even when the company makes a mistake, there is a sense that a lot of people stand by the Apple.  Apple pays well. It is a large company with huge financial resources, so when they want to, they are not afraid to spend money.  Apple is a global company. People travel all over the world routinely, and Apple's presence is continually expanding across the globe.
Rewarding experiences, working with people who enjoy the products. Above average base salary, perfect for students. Very flexible weekly scheduling. Impressive employee discounts. By design, you aren't paid on commission, so both you and the customer won't have to go through the motions of selling/buying products you don't want to.
You're in one of the most cutting-edge technology companies around. Apple is constantly striving to come up with the next great thing, or the next big surprise that crosses over whatever the technological bar is, leaving the rest of the competition to follow along or be left behind. The products are amazing, work simply and efficiently, and are beautifully engineered. It's a classier establishment that you don't have to be ashamed of, and the brand recognition is among the best out there. Everyone knows an Apple product when they see one.
Brilliant people and products to be proud of.
It's one of the few places where you have the chance to change the world of technology, and work with some of the smartest people in the world. Anyone's pet project can wind up shipping to millions of Macs and iPhones - but you have to be great at what you do, and really be passionate about it.
An upbeat work environment, complete with superb benefits for full-time employees, as well as significant purchase discounts and a great discounted stock-purchase plan. In addition, Apple offers its employees access to discounted purchases with its channel partners, as well as incentives for programs like employee wellness & fitness, mass-transit and carpool transportation.
The company knows the type of people they want to work there and they actively search for them until they get them. They are a well rounded company that focuses on the customers' wants and needs. I love the product and love the people that I work with because they are equally in love with the product. They are always the most coveted product and far more advanced than other companies in design and technology. It is a fun and safe environment to be a part of and everyone makes you feel as if you are a part of something bigger.
benefits and culture make for a very fun place to work.
Amazing people to work with, great culture, great products
The stock option package is decent and benefits for full time employees are generous. Discounts exist, but aren't all that great given what you have to put up with as an employee.
To be part of something bigger, something that is changing the world. To work on products anyone can use, to see your products all over, and to be able to be a consumer of the products you work on. To be part of the excitement and the glamor (from what people see on the outside).
Great products and a passionate customer base
There are always really great opportunities to work on neat products -- iphone/os. There are also really good discounts on Apple products.
They really care about making things people will like, and find useful. That makes it immensely satisfying to work there.  Brilliant co-workers.
It's great to work for the coolest and most important and influential tech company right now. It's crazy when you realize people will wait hours in line around the world just to buy a product your company sells
Free Stuff and a great place to work
It's Apple. The discounts are good (25%) and even part-time employees are entitled to a 401K, employee stock purchases, transit subsidiaries, free Apple stuff, like software. Along with a lot of 3rd party discounts. 3rd Party vendors will occasionally, like Bose, will visit the store to give a hand and provide lunch for all employees. It's a laid back environment most of the time, with the possibility of career advancement and of course having access to Apple recourses. And there is the occasional possibility of meeting a few celebrities and what not. It's all good stuff.
There's the atmosphere, its great, full of energy and excitement. Helping people every day and watching them leave with a smile after you told them they lost irreplaceable baby pictures is powerful. The stock discount is pretty awesome too.
stock options, reputation, prestige, close to my house
Cool products. Feels like a young company. We get an office of our own unlike other companies where you share a cube. Shuttle service from SF and Fremont. Pretty decent cafeteria. Casual atmosphere. One can walk in shorts and will not be questioned.
Cool projects, good benefits, employee discounts :-)
Awesome company! Invests a lot of time in training employees, from an initial 3 day seminar to weekly videos to update employees on new products. Workplace is very upbeat and fun. They applaud the new employees as they walk in on their first day of work. Co-workers are very friendly and always willing to help each other out. Great discounts on products too!
The company keeps its employees in its heart. It believes in the employees, and i like that. I am able to do my job and not get micro-managed. my managment staff really belive in my abilities and what i can accomplish.
"Us against the world" mentality really brings a sense of family to the group that you work with. Working on bleeding edge products that you are sure to see in the mall, and on every news outlet Enjoy not only working on the product, but enjoy owning and using the products - actual pride in the product itself a casual and fun place to work for, very liberal and open-minded culture
- lots of smart and really passionate people to work with, you will be challenged - most teams are small and the work you do will have an impact on the product that you are working on
A great company with long term vision and ideals. Apple truly is changing the retail industry as well as the computer industry. If you want to be challenged in the areas of customer service and expectations , there is no company that lights a candle next to Apple with the exception of extremely high end luxury boutiques.
The pinnacle of technology, working in the Apple Store gives you the opportunity to be the face of one of the most talked about companies. There are plenty of opportunities for advancement within Apple Retail should you decide to go down that path. Show them your strengths and they'll move you to where you need to be within the store. Apple Retail corporate's senior management is supurb.
talented and competent co-workers, exciting products, pride of ownership when shipping a product. excellent corporate atmosphere
Fun, easy-going place to work. Good pay, allows computer nerds to get payed by talking about computers. Lots of attractive girls that work at the store, fun place to meet up with friends who enjoy seeing me work, lots of shiny products to have hands-on time with.
The mission, the passion, the chance to work with the most remarkable people in the world. The people factor is the single biggest reason to work at Apple, they are without peer and some of the most intelligent and creative folks on the planet. Aside from the culture and history, it's the biggest reason why I still love going to work every day.
You get to be part of a company that makes some of the most recognizable, and, in some cases, some of the best, products in the market today. Most people are proud to be there, and that's a plus. Also, despite the recent down turn, in terms of financial compensation, it's still very good in terms of stock options, and so on. Salary is at least OK.
The work is cutting-edge, fast paced and interesting, my colleagues are enthusiastic and capable and management is really excellent: mentors and leaders, not tyrants or bureaucrats.  I noticed the difference in morale immediately when I first walked into the company. People looked relaxed and like they were having fun. Contrast with some of my previous companies where people were walking around with frozen faces or hunched over in cubicles, the atmosphere was like a labor camp. Give credit to the management at Apple: this high morale doesn't happen by accident. Managers here respect the engineers, and help them to get the job done. Questions are encouraged and ideas are rewarded. I've worked for enlightened managers in good teams in previous companies, but it never seemed to last: they lost out in the unending political infighting and they were soon replaced or their projects were disbanded. Here I see the exact opposite.
My favorite part about working for Apple is the people. I work with some amazing people.
Well, for instance, I wore board shorts to work today. The environment is mixed and ALWAYS lively. Due to the stress involved, all the employees tend to shrug it all off with one another, meaning they all tend to have great collective sense of humor. For those on the sales floor, the absence of commission is a great way to have team unity. For trainers, having actual time to learn at work is something that I had never heard of and for techs, the ability to make important decisions with very little micro-managing is a testament to the trust Apple has towards it's employees. At any given Apple Store you will find cheer and unity despite the stress of dealing with entitled and spoiled consumers this has much to do with the craft behind the hiring process.
Great products, as sales person its wonderful to be able to represent the best, campus life is good (great food, beautiful surroundings, and the occasional party/fun activity at the main lawn). Compensation and overall benefits (matching 401K, stock purchase when the stock is rising :-)) are definitely competitive. Smart people and overall the company feels 'well run', they deliver great products somewhat on-time, they market these products well. Management seems relatively flat and so you can know/meet the top execs and that is cool.
Good benefits, Employee Stock plan has done GREAT over the last few years, diverse workplace, fun people.
Great brand to be associated with. Really good team of pears in entire company and division. Tremendous products and a feeling that we are the leading company in technology. Good compensation/benefits. Solid resume bullets. Sense of pride in what we are all doing! Nice perks like occasional free iPods/iPhones and discounts on our products.
Apple has some great products to work on. Most of the engineers are very talented and passionate about their work. There are many opportunities to learn from other developers. Since there are so few developers, each one holds a huge responsibility, so there is some pride in ownership. You will not be a "Cog" though you may be treated like one.
Overall, people are really nice - and are friendly to work with. The benefits, including work-life balance and the opportunities to come in and go whenever you want is great. The pay is pretty good.
The best reason to work for Apple is that you will get to see your products go to market almost every year. If you get a strong team that likes to follow process (and there aren't very many of these types of teams), then you will be happy. If you can still get stock options, you'll get a good return on your investment.
The people you meet, the products you sell, great environment. the people you work with tend to be very interesting and very diverse. The stores tend to be very high-energy environments and you should really be prepared for chaotic saturdays and sundays
The amount of knowledge and learning experience. Overall good place to work and is very fun and past paced. Lots of awesome products available, and one large company to grow with.
The people are smart and the products are cool
Driven employees. Folks are passionate about what they do. If you love Mac, you are at home.
Mac OS X, iPods, and all the other great products that have been developed at Apple. And doesn't the man who invented that thing called the "internet" sit on the board?
It's Apple, and you get to be a part of it! You get to make the coolest things around.
Challenging, exciting... dynamic. You get to work on the most cutting edge consumer products.
Fun environment, great people. It's nice to have an opportunity to handle some of the most innovative technology in the industry. Most of the customers are really kind and have a legitimate interest in the products. Apple provides fantastic training and really seems to care about their customers.
Benefits, products, working with good people. Love the product, co-workers love being around the product. The opportunity to get people to switch from PC to Mac.
You get to work with very bright co-workers.
Cool products, life balance priorities. Great culture. Ability to work to live not vice versa.
I get to work on the coolest projects and have a had in the future of technology. When I tell people I work at Apple, they know and respect the company. They get excited and ask questions. My coworkers are smart and driven. There is a lot of autonomy, and with that, responsibility.
If you love Apple products and already have a job that pays your bills, working for Apple retail is a great second or part time job. You get to play with all the new products the day they are released, get NFR copies of Apple software products, lots of cool shirts, etc. As a Mac Genius, you have the ability to be a hero and really make a difference in peoples lives. You have the power as a Mac Genius to make decisions about repairs and product replacements without having to run to management for answers. Flexible hours, paid holidays, decent insurance, employee discount. In the 5 years working there I received, 1 iPod, 2 iPod shuffles, 1 iPhone for free.
Some of the best reasons to work for apple are the we have a fun laid back environment that still gets the job done and that people are great and diverse. The focus on customers is refreshing in a retail store. The leadership team is helpful and supportive.
Tons of motivated people, innovation is everywhere, work is challenging and fun.
Work with the best tech products in the world.
Almost everyone in engineering at Apple is very qualified and capable, and everyone wants to do the right thing for our customers and the company. The engineering campus is modern and nice. The cafeteria is quite good as well and is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. There's no requirement that you be in at work by a certain time. Engineers have a fair amount of control over what they work on and how it's designed.
Health benefits are excellent and the opportunities for advancement, if you make your goals known. Great people to work with, a combination of creativity and technicality. Being around the latest tech-toys is a great way to spend the day. As you reach higher levels in retail, that's when the respect level grows for you.
atmosphere, talented people and lost of new technologies to work on.
Good pay, excellent environment to meet new people. Not really the best salaries for a company of its size, but the access to technology is unparalleled. Working in a an active environment is rewarding, even though some customer interactions are not worth very much. Free tech support via in store staff is helpful, but it is important to be sure in your answer to customers. Luckily Apple provides excellent learning resources both on and of the floor. Every interaction with "mentor" employees at the store is well worth it as Apple definitely picks these people to train for a reason.
I get to work on cutting edge products that I really enjoy and am proud of. Working on products that millions of people use gives a good sense of satisfaction. Overall I think management is competent and has been leading us in the right direction. It's a good, relaxed working environment. There's no dress code, the hours are flexible, and the people who work there are mostly very intelligent. I haven't perceived any kind of discrimination from anyone at Apple. In terms of stress, some people have to do death marches before major deadlines, but I wouldn't say that it's a way of life. Most people can go home whenever they want.
Best products in the industry, period. You'll feel the envy of the industry working here. Highly talented, interesting, motivated coworkers that will drive you to learn & create. A place that you're proud to tell people you work. Excellent perks for commuters.
Good starting place to build up my resume. It's a well recognized company and is known for their talent in creativity. It's a company with good image.
As a 19 year old College student & a Geek You will learn very important things! A great working environment withe other employes. Working one on one with customers -sales,training, teck issues & more is a unique experience that you will not get ANY WARE ELSE!
macs and the tech. dont apply if you are boring. non stop action all day long. very challenging job, but if you like macs and like people you will do well. dont get tired of answering the same questions over and over, remember it is the first time the customer has hear the answer - usually
You get to work on really cool product (iPod and iPhone in my case) and it is everywhere in the states. The stock options/RSUs (while it does good). Benefits are good, 401k price match is pretty decent with a progressive scale over 5 years that ramps up from 50% to 100% matching.
Wonderful company with vision and the coolest products in the world. Customers are almost almost happy, and when they're not it's pretty easy to make them happy. There's a certain cache to working with the best products in the industry. It's very rewarding to help someone make the transition to Macs.
The people and the atmosphere!
Producing products of good quality and refinement that make technology accessible to even non techies. It's a thrill to walk into an Apple retail store and see all the smiles. In general, people care about the work they do. It's not just a zombie 9-to-5 job. It's a place where you can really take pride in the end product, assuming it's not canceled.
employee stock, constant change keeps things fresh,
Very good benefits package. You get to work for a company that makes products you are proud to be associated with and use yourself. Lots of room for personal development and enrichment.
Company embraces diverse life styles with a passion. The company's design excellence make it a national treasure. In this regard there is no American company that comes close. They recognize excellence and pursue it with passion. Superb products and very devoted customer support.
Great people and great products. If you like working with smart people that have a common purpose and want to be part of a great moment in time, Apple's the place for you. Through some of the best minds in the industry and sheer hard work, you can be a part of Apple's huge success.
The challenges are unparalleled. The environment is fast-paced and quirky. Cool cool people abound! The Marcom folks have unequaled taste in hipster music and the latest fashion trends. It's APPLE! What more could I possibly say?! The cafeteria is awesome, too (especially the sushi!).
Quite simply, you make some of the best and most talked about products in the world. Superb upper management, and a great place to learn and develop. Culture is very diverse, and you work with some absolutely brilliant people. Ultimately, you go home everyday knowing you work for a company whose products really get people excited.
I'm proud to work for a company that believes in making 'meaning', not just making money
You get a chance to innovate, making a difference. The tech industry desperately needs someone to show how you can truly innovate in a way that people get, and Apple does that. Benefits are acceptable, but not great. But really, I'm in this job because I like what I do, not because of the compensation. Lately, that hasn't been an issue though, because of the way AAPL has rallied. Other than the innovative part, I like the mentality of people at Apple. People in general are open to new ideas, and if you push for it, you can realize your dreams here.
You get to work alongside some of the brightest, most energetic people in the industry in an environment where creativity is encouraged. Apple really knows how to hire. You can feel proud of what your company does and the products it creates. You get the feeling of working for a startup within a large, established company.
Within the design aspect of things, despite it's secretive appearance, Apple is very open place for ideas and communication. Proper respect and compensation is given to those who come up with good ideas. Apple is also a very dynamic and growing company with opportunities for further professional development and inter-company shifts. Co-workers are very friendly and open to your choice of lifestyle and personality. There is very little room for rivalry or friction between people as the goal is to provide an environment that focuses on product development and not merely coming to work everyday. And I'm trying to hit the 100 word mark so I'll just write this at the end.
You work with the latest and greatest in electronics. You get to meet a diverse group of people that work within your store and who regularly shop at your store. You are able to help make people's lives better through sharing knowledge. You learn more about Macs and computers through your day to day interactions with colleagues and customers than you would in a lifetime of reading blog posts and how-to manuals.
The Products. They are fantastic. Plus it is not a desk job, which is a nice change of pace. There are good oppertunities for growth and a good discount program. Customers are customers so some are great and others are not.
California, secrets, they push your abilities, they turn out great products.
You work with some of the most talented and intelligent people in the world who also have "good taste" and an appreciation for beauty and elegance from the design of the box to software architecture. Also, it's Apple....seriously. The fact that it is such a premium brand which is associated with innovation makes it a point of pride to go to work. These reasons make it worth working their despite the negatives. They give you lots of room to own your work and decisions seem to come up through grass roots rather than top-down.
The products are the best in the world - everyone has a great attention to detail - everyone works hard and cares about the products and customer experience. The company is going in a positive direction and is driven to succeed and lead the market. Everyone follows Steve's direction and if you like not having to think about what your next move should be, Apple is perfect. They are the only ones really innovating in a way that helps the users. The overall atmosphere is good and somewhat laidback, but if you want to get ahead, you'll need to work 24/7 and be the smartest person you know. If you aren't then be satisfied just having a job there
Apple employees are very passionate about the company they work for. They love Apple and the products Apple makes, so every day was fun to work because you were around people who really loved their employer. Apple offers incredible benefits and amazing training so employees know what they are selling and enjoy selling it. Communication was great between management and employees. Managers truly cared about the employees as people and the employees treated each other like family. The atmosphere on the floor of a store and also behind the scenes was fantastic and fun. Apple is leading the technology drive in so many ways and it's fun to be a big part of introducing their genius to others.
Saving someone's bacon on a daily basis. Helping people understand how to take control of their machines.
The best part of the job is that I interact with so many smart and capable people. Most of them share my passion and enthusiasm for what we do here. The work is challenging, I'm learning something new every day, and I have great career growth prospects. It's the best place that I've ever worked, although it's not without its downsides.
Smart and passionate team members: you're going to be working with some of the smartest and most passionate people in the world. You will have good moral and feel like you are doing great work and 'making a difference.'  Creativity and exploration is widely accepted and encouraged: Apple is a place that is willing to explore and introduce new technology and user experience--that is the core of their mantra.  Short development cycles: products ship, you feel accomplished.
excellent products, large emphasis on design and branding. second-rate is not acceptable and being an industry leader in digital music sales and product design is something that everyone is very proud of. People tend to be friendly and extremely intelligent, with a great work ethic at a very young age. Almost everyone works at what they love doing. Also Apple is good about shifting you to other parts of the company if you aren't happy. They want to keep employees.
If you're a geek then there are always cool projects waiting
Good pay, great benefits and Apple is always near the bleeding edge of new technologies.
One of the most interesting companies to work at in the Valley. Individual contributions count. Cool hardware products, great software products, smart people, fantastic stock price ,-). Innovation is something that we actually do, rather than just talk about. Plenty of opportunity to work on different products and get some job variation.
Lean staff means more responsibility for individuals. Amazing sense of pride for working at Apple, even when company wasn't doing so well. People always impressed that you work for Apple.
Working for a company that people love, admire, and respect, diversity, interesting work, and general coolness. Having a senior management team that understands its markets, and never is content to ship a mediocre product just to make a buck. At Apple, innovation, excellence, and elegance are all important. One thing I love about Apple is that when I walk into the company cafeteria at 1 Infinite Loop, I look around and see people of all ages and races. Most technology companies I have worked at tend to have a large number of young people and a few older people, at Apple the mix is polyglot, multicultural, and intergenerational. This means that the company has a fantastic talent pool with great breadth upon which to draw. At a recent meeting, when people were asked how long they had been at the company, the answers ranged from two months to twenty six years.
Excellent benefits, for one. Full vision, dental, mental health, prescription plans, and emergency care. One sick day earned per month, as well as one vacation day. The company takes care of us as well. Caters in lunch frequently, offers a great gym and cafe on campus, fun company activities. Easily, though, the best part is the culture. It's a very laid-back office, and generally speaking, everyone is friends with each other. Office politics don't come much into play here, and no one appears to hesitate when it comes to speaking their mind. Very music-friendly, as working at your desk with headphones on is perfectly acceptable. Customer focus is a large aspect of the job as well - this is a company that cares about their consumers. There is also fantastic opportunity for growth, and quickly.
Apple is a company that continuously pushes the envelope. It is a lot of fun to work for a company that produces such innovative products. I have worked on many development projects, and get to see my products used by many millions of people. It is really wonderful to be out walking around and see something that you've built in people's hands. The CEO is a very charismatic leader, and is able to whip crowds into a frenzy. Our product release have been compared to Hollywood premieres! I've been at events where I've been able to meet stars that I would never normally see. I get to work with some of the nicest, most creative people on earth.
Apple makes some of the best loved products on the planet which makes every employee proud to be there. It's also great to have a Silicon Valley atmosphere which isn't just geared towards single people, meaning colleagues respect your desire to go home and see your family/friends.
Such an awesome place to work, its so much fun! Everyone works well as a team, and our customers love coming here. Its rewarding to be able to really help people see what they can do with technology.
They make some really cool toys. The campus is great. There are some really smart people to work and play with at Apple.
freedom and innovation and i can,t think of any
Prestige. Coolness. Fun. Free products. People.
Apple is innovating the world of retail, and it is exciting to be a part of it.
Small company atmosphere. Exciting products.
Apple is a very collaborative environment, something I love in a workplace. People are constantly exchanging ideas, asking questions when they pass each other in the halls, etc. Compared to another well known tech company I worked at, where nearly all communication was done via email and you could go an entire day without saying a word to anyone, this is heaven.
Great Products and Innovative ideas!
The brand and the people.
coolest products in the world!
Work with some of the smartest and best engineers in the field, and one of the most competent senior management in terms of technology.
challenge and sense of accomplishment. Is it a joy to get up and work everyday because you know that everything you make will be used and adored by the consumer. The atmosphere at campus is also awesome with a great court yard and cafeteria. The location, at the heart of silicon valley is also a great bonus as it allows year round outdoors activities. Coworkers are generally very smart and hardworking but of course there are always lazy bums at both the engineering and mid level engineering managers. The greatest thing I think is to be able to wakeup and go to a wonderful place to work and be appreciated.
Get to work with awesome technology and gadgets. The store is a great place to meet some really bright people, the Apple store is most def the place to pick up some of the best stuff for your Mac and to meet with some total Mac heads. Discount is great too!
People at Apple are mostly very excited about their work and the products they produce. The campus is nice, great perks, and laid-back work atmosphere. The secrecy of Apple makes working there feel perhaps more important than it otherwise would.
it's a cool and very dynamic company with lots of talented people, Innovation is KEY. So is Industrial Design. It has a great cafe that serves a wide range of food, and the best part of it is that it practices Casual Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays!!!! Also, it has now installed free Starbucks freshly-grounded vending machines in all pantries! Great employee discounts as well as discounts on products for friends and family.
It can be a lot of fun, it's a somewhat prestigious employer in the tech community and you work with great people. You also get to work on some really cutting edge projects. They also provided great travel opportunities.
Get to work on technology that is used by so many people. A very exciting place to work.  The Steve Jobs keynote presentations are as close to 'rock star' as an engineer is ever going to get.
The people. The products. The company culture.
Instant product recognition, everyone in the world knows what an iPod is. It's a hip place, and everyone knows it. Lots of smart people to work with as well.
Products, culture and other things
You get a chance to work on interesting products and the people you work with are, without exception, very intelligent.
a truly innovative company - great people - change the world
Apple has great benefits and depending on which department/sector you work for, has a large potential for growth and profession opportunities. There is a wonderful attitude of "You do your job, you look however you want."
Great engineering talent, attracts some great people that care deeply about what they work on. Brilliant people at both the executive level and down in the trenches.
It's exciting and there's rarely a dull moment. You get a great deal of respect from others in the tech industry, and it makes it easier to get employed elsewhere.
Your work gets in the hands of millions. When you win the occasional battle to get something done right, you can help a lot of people.
Everyone there is very competent -- no one coasts. The senior management is extremely capable, and the company is completely focused on everything making a profit, sometimes to a fault. The food at the cafeteria is reasonably good. The best thing about the company is its dedication to making great products (that may sound like I'm regurgitating "the kool aid", but it's the truth), the company focuses on making things as good as they can be (while still eventually shipping a product). Lastly, the benefits are pretty great: the health plan includes dental and vision, and there's a stock purchase plan for employees.
Fantastic cutting-edge company. Extremely exciting technology. Great level of satisfaction relating life-enhancing information to customers.
Apple is finally getting the respect it deserves. The company, on the whole, is a good company. Now, thanks to the move to Intel processors and being able to run Windows, everyone can (and is) using a Mac. The benefits are quite good, and they even provide benefits for domestic partners. There aren't a lot of companies in my area (the south) that do that. Decent discounts on most products. The fact that the sales staff (specialists) are not on commission is both positive and negative. It's theoretically better for the customer because they are not trying to sell the customer on an uber-powerful system that they don't need. They should be trying to match the computer to the customer's needs. No commission also means no underhanded competition among the staff. There is generally quite good camaraderie amongst the staff...we're all in pretty much the same boat, so we tend to stick together.
Apple is a big family. Almost everyone who works here does so because of their love for the company, the products we produce and the technology. Everyone has a stake in the company's success and it's visible in the way business is done.
Cool place to work. Nice (physical) environment.
Apple has great technology. There are many smart people who work there and it has a culture that rewards innovation. It is hard not to want to work someplace that is known world wide and has a brand that is recognized by everyone. When you say you work at Apple, people love to talk about the products. Apple's products are high quality and fun to use. They have a great campus and when you work there you feel important and like you have contributed to making products that the many people in the world love.
For projects that Apple upper management has its eyes on, quality is given high priority. Teams on those projects are also often very good, with smart and experienced people with whom it's fun to work and from whom one can learn at lot.
The projects are interesting and have immediate real world ramifications.
Definitely the discount, and the first hand experience in a one of a kind retail environment. You get to use and become familiar with the products before anyone else is. They also give you very good training, and you dont ever really feel forced to sell. It is your job to sell but the way they go about doing so makes it feel as though you are somewhat of a consultant, where the customer does not have to purchase it immediately. This is one reason that working for Apple is a great lesson. You learn great sales skills, and you learn how to not upsell.
Apple is a very family-like environment. We're all very supportive of each other and very willing to help where it's needed. Everyone is encouraged to give feedback, where needed, and to accept feedback that they receive to make it a learning tool. Apple is also very education oriented, wanting to provide the most opportunity to learn about their products and services as possible to their employees.  The pay is excellent for being a retail store, and the discount is outstanding. In most cases, you're given the opportunity to really shine, where with other companies you're discouraged from making decisions for yourself.
able to enhance lives daily, customers and employees.
interesting products and decent growth
Have you read technology news? We are the leaders.
Apple is an exciting place work if you love to WORK and love the STRESS. Great people to work with if they dont' end up throw you under the bus for their own benefits.
Working at Apple means you get to work on some of the coolest products. These are products that people really love. The structure is quite flat, so you will routinely find yourself in a meeting with engineers, middle manager, and VPs. It's also nice to work on a product, where the BOM cost is not always the main focus. Apple will spend money on whatever equipment or resources are required to get the job done.
Apple is one of the best companies to work for because they genuinely care about their employees, the opportunities for learning are endless and you are constantly getting enriched. Another good reason to work for Apple is that you get to enrich your customer's lives each and every day in everything you do. Working in Apple Retail is so much fun, I go to work and I have nothing to complain about, it's just so much fun to educate people about the Mac, iPhone, iPod and Apple TV. There is always something going on at Apple and it shows when you come in. Between One to One, Workshops and the Genius Bar, we have it down to a science.
It is casual, and doesn't always feel like a big company. People get to dress however they like. You can be gay, straight, or something else. Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton are definitely likely to be very well received at any Apple campus location.
Apple's place in the public eye is unparalleled, with lots of opportunities for innovation. iPod, iPhone, the entire Mac line — there's nothing like it in the world. The products can't be beat — if only that were true for the working environment.
The prestige of being with a company that is still out on the cutting edge, someplace that while fresh and exciting also has stability as a company. It may not be like the Wild Wild West days of the Valley at Apple, but it has moved into middle age more gracefully than some other companies have. They've done a good job of not throwing out all the perks as they aim for profitability, and the management team over the last decade seems not to have put a foot wrong in some time - if nothing else, the stock performance alone vouches for the the choices made.
It is a great environment most of the time. Staff gets along really well. The products are exciting and consistently innovative. There are opportunities within the company to move forward and get training.
A lot to learn and place to put your knowledge to work
It's Apple! In terms of product, it's one of the most exciting places to work for! Watching Apple grow in the Steve 2.0 era has been nothing short of astonishing.
Stability as the company continues to grow and is never without new products. No need to worry about running out of work or not enough new projects. Working at Apple provides an excellent experience in bringing new products to market and working for a company that others outside recognize. It's exciting to be working for one of the most successful companies in the world, although things are not quite what they appear to be from the outside.
The people who work there are awsome. Going from retail to coperate was an complete change. It was comparible to switching companies. The cultures are completely different. The benifits = awsome. The benifits in retail are almost just as good as the cash well at least as long as your a fan boy.
Working at Apple was a very rewarding experience. You really feel as if you are part of a bigger picture and a close knit team with one big goal. You are praised for a good work and there are many activities to motivating employees and satisfying rewards for when you do so. For the big picture, when the store does well, you do well
Apple provides each employee with a chance to move forward in the company, there are always ways to move up and up without stopping. Cutting edge technology and a great team to work with make working for Apple enjoyable on a daily basis. I don't think I held any previous job that I was always early to work and actually excited to be there. Working within the realm of a "tech guy" I find it challenging to figure out peoples issues, seems to always be stimulating the mind when you can't figure something out, you always press yourself to get the right answer.
I'm a professional Graphic Designer/Art Director (full-time), and I'm fortunate to work in an environment that promotes constant learning and networking. I LOVE being there on my weekends.
Currently have the best consumer electronic products and phone.
The name. The brand. The mystique.
Innovative company in product leadership.
The people, the products, and the company. Almost every week when I go into work I meet new people who amaze me about what they can do. The products speak for themselves. And the discounts also help out a college student who is pressed for money. Speaking of money, the pay is great, starting at 10.50 in retail, with room to get raises almost every 4 months. Working for the best company in the electronic industry that cares about its people, its roles, and its products so much that if they dont make you say "wow, thats amazing", they dont do it. Apple is an amazing company that breaks down barriers everyday.
Great people, exciting work, great pay & benefits.
Working on cool and challenging new products
With Apple the computer world is at your finger tips. Not only can one learn the ins and outs about Apple Computers and other Apple products , but also Apple employees are well versed in other computer worlds like Microsoft and Linxus. Also Apple has a very open policies which do not prohibit employee from dressing casually and the required attire is very light usually just a t-shirt.
Benefits, extra circular activities and GREAT people
Great products and interesting look at what's coming up. It's kinda cool to be at the cutting edge of technology hipness. Plus you get to use Apple products in your daily work, which is a definite plus. There's a lot of excitement in the atmosphere from people who are truly energized by what they do. The "coolness" of the corporate culture make it the kind of place where people are impressed when you tell them who you work for. And the overall industry affection for all things Apple make it the kind of place where you don't worry if your company will be in business in 6 months.
There are few better companies to have on your resumé.  Apple is an innovative leader in the consumer products field, and recognized around the world as having some of the best engineering, marketing, and final products in the industry.  Few engineers in Cupertino have to work on infrastructure, as most IT development work is outsourced to overseas contractors.  While the cafeteria doesn't compare to Google's, it's not bad at all, and is improving lately. If you're in the eight or so buildings (of 30+) that are near it, it's a nice choice.
It can be mildly exciting whenever a new product surfaces and you get to join co-workers in a collective ego massage at the keynote. Also at said keynote, workers sometimes get free product, and that is a bonus when it's the iPhone. There are coaches going back and forth to SF from Cupertino and back, which is a plus.
It is still a big time, name brand company with a lot of international recognition. Apple is also continues to ride a huge amount of hype and (relatively speaking) recent business success. The stock options also made many of us multi-millionaires over a short period of time. A number of internal processes, the culture, and the people are also quite unique to Apple, and from a diversity of experience point of view, that's great exposure for one's career.
Apple is an amazing and innovative company. I have seen people grow for Specialists to managers. It's also a very Web 2.0/Gen Y. It's just great being around brilliant young people all day long. Once you start working at apple you have many different paths you can choose. If you are more about customer service and talking with people, Concierge is an awesome position. If you like fixing broken computers, it's not that hard to become a Genius. If you passion is seeing other people be surprised by what their computer can do, the creative road is an amazing one to follow.
If you love innovative technology and friendly, knowledgeable co-workers then Apple is your heaven!
I feel that I am treated like if not better than a customer. Most other jobs that I have had is all about pleasing the customer. At Apple, the management does everything in their power to please the employee. I have only been working for Apple for a few months and I went to San Diego just for the summer and they transferred out to a store there without any hesitation. No other job I know would ever do that. Employee satisfaction is why I work for Apple.
Amazing, cooperative place to work
Apple is innovative, friendly, and people oriented. The management really focused on developing the employee. There are great training programs and there are plenty of opportunities for advancement and growth. It is truly a company that supports the career growth of its employees and rewards leadership abilities and new creative thought. Employees could make suggestions to managers and have these suggestions seriously taken into consideration. Working for apple also has great perks in terms of an employee discount program that allows employees to experience apple products first had. All apple employees are somewhat gadgetiers, even if they didn't start out that way. Its nice to work somewhere where you feel proud about the work and the company.
Apple has some of the best designed and accessible products in the world. Every product is lovingly designed, and it shows in the attention to detail. As a Genius, someone who was responsible for troubleshooting and taking apart these products, even on the inside many design details came to light to show the care that was put into each machine. Depending on where you worked, each store brought together such a wide variety of employees, from kids just out of high school working a summer job to the guy who has been using Macs for ten years and knows it inside and out... the benefits are good and you meet so many amazing people.
Creative people are drawn to apple. There is a good benefits package
Apple is an innovative company on the cutting edge of the market. The company itself has grown immensely in a relatively short amount of time - and that reason alone could be enough to jump on the bandwagon. But when you combine the huge growth over the last few years with excellent products and one of the best customer service philosophies I've seen, it's ends up being a great place to work. Apple employees get to interact with real people on a daily basis, just talking about what works for them and solutions they've found in a laid back, informative, and fun environment. And, because Apple is in the incredibly fast-moving technology market, there's never a dull moment, as new products, services, and upgrades are always just around the corner. Oh, and the discount's not to shabby either.
Get to know the latest technology, and they teach you how to use it. You don't need to worry about commission sales, you just get out there and do your job. Some people would probably like to be on commission, but honestly, it creates a better working environment when you are not. It can be a lot of fun, the coworkers are always very colorful and fun to hang out with, and we always learn from each other. Not to mention, it isn't really difficult trying to sell things, people just buy them, all you have to do is ring them up.
This is really the place where doors open, but Apple also pushes it's employees to take the steps through those doors by applying for higher-ranking positions within the company. The people who work at Apple Retail is enough to want to work there regardless of what exact job one might have. The employees are friendly, diverse (on many different levels) and intelligent. Retail is usually never is exciting, but at Apple Retail, it is. Apple knows its people and the people (both customers and employees) know Apple. One who works at Apple Retail feels local, not national.
You get to help people change how they think about computers and be able to do what they never thought of doing with a computer. The best feeling is them walking out the door so grateful to Apple and you for helping make their lives better. Staff was great to work with, very helpful and always encouraging. Also, almost all the customers who come in are very humble and are great to work with. Overall, working at Apple gives me a sense of self-fulfillment in the way that I know I'm helping people enrich their lives by making the most of at least one aspect of their lives.
Great company, lots of growth potential, you can go as far as you want, great people to work with, very diverse backgrounds. meet lots of people, very high profile company
Overall, Apple has a great and friendly atmosphere, with a good deal of morale and camaraderie between coworkers. You can learn a lot from your coworkers too. Apple and many other third party companies also provide a lot of free software to Apple employees. There are a few great benefits Apple offers, but managers don't advertise to new employees, such as free bus passes for commuters. Even with the stress of being expected by customers to know absolutely everything about electronics, Apple has to be the best retail gig around.
fun environment, gratifying work- they hire awesome people so you never run out of good people to be around.
discounts for their product...? I do not know what else is good about working for them.
Exposure to the workings of a profitable retail business.
It's great for the resume. Better still, it's a great way to meet lots of people who will ultimately move around within the industry -- an excellent way to build a professional network. In addition, you will have lots of opportunity to practice working in a somewhat chaotic, but often creative workplace, and to benefit from the genius of Steve Jobs.
Apple has continued to go out of it's way to see that I not only excel in my current role, but they facilitate my education and future roles. My previous work is always appreciated and I they look for me to be a leader among my peers. They call upon my experiences and ask me to present on topics that I'm more familiar with than my other colleagues. They allow me to work the hours that are most appropriate for me and allow me to be flexible with those hours, coming into the office around 11 am and working until 7, 8 or 9 pm. It is a blessing to have such a generous employer.
Apple is a large company with large stores, but the feeling of working in the store is not like a business, it is like working with family. The co-workers are friendly and it is always sad when one leaves, like loosing a brother.
The best reasons are primarily for the benefits. You get great perks from 3rd parties. The whole experience can be very rewarding at first. Selling products you can stand behind never hurts.
The culture of the Apple Store is what made it so great to work there. Everyone was friendly and become friends and would share stories and go out together after work. If you really love the Apple products like I do then the job is a pleasure. You get a lot of satisfaction from helping others learn how to use a computer and seeing the smile on their face when they realize how simple and easy the interface is to use. A lot of customers are repeats and will ask for you by name and you start to build solid relationships with customers.
There is an energy inherent to the culture at Apple that is creatively invigorating. Apple is passionate about providing technology that helps people get the most out of their creativity and interests while minimizing the obstacles in the way of their visions. Apple Retail's motto of "Enriching Lives" resonates throughout the ranks, which makes the entire team focus on ensuring a great customer experience for everyone. While Apple's retail salaries are a bit above average, the benefits can outweigh any concerns about hourly wage: 40 hours maximum work week (even for management!), employee stock purchase plans, generous employee discounts, and the occasional 'bonus' of product gifts (which have included software, iPods, and iPhones).
Great management, good atmosphere, relaxed working environment, careing people, competent people, motivated people.
Apple honors and respects all of it's staff for who they are. They encourage and support creativity and diversity. The Grow Your Own programs are a wonderful opportunity for staff to gain new skills and move up in the organization. Apple's dedication to ensuring that it's employees are paid for every minute of work related activity is amazing. I recall a recent memo that reminded us all that we should be clocked in when reading our apple.com email, corporate bulletins on iCommunicate or even changing into our uniform t-shirts. I can't think of any other retailer that is this concerned with equity and fairness in the way its employees are treated.
Apple has a name brand recognition like no other in the retail market. When someone sees the company "Apple" on your resume you are automatically put to the top of their list because of their perceived prominence in the retail computer market. When most people think of Apple, they think of the iPod, iPhone, and the lines of computers such as the MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. All of these products have a simplistic elegance and sophistication in their design, which is shared with the design of the Apple retail stores. You are seen as hip, classy, and cutting-edge by association with the Apple brand.
Apple is a great place to work if you are into the latest technology. They do a really good job of showing you everything you have to know to help out customers. The company is always promoting personal growth and does their best to help you and promote you. I started working there towards the end of the summer, buy December I had been made into a part-time employee and had been given a raise. In the spring, I was given another raise because of my performance. And that was due to the fact, they kept training us and giving us lots of useful information to use out on the selling floor. I love the fact that they don't make it all about commission. It's more about helping out the customer and finding out the right solution for them. In the end, that's what retail should really be about.
I have used apple computers during my entire professional career. Even when it was unpopular to do so, I fought and clung to my Apple computers. I feel I have a high level of expertise and I am respected by customers. I would aspire to a corporate job, I would sweat blood for Apple, and so I do. I absolutely love taking an irate customer and turn them back into a promoter. I am absolutely gifted at doing that.
The culture of the company is one of the best I've ever experienced. From the basic understanding that if you do something there's probably a good reason for it to the whole team-integration, there's no fear that there is going to be backstabbing or infighting. The fairly clear paths for keeping a career is a nice touch as well. Even the little things, like the Wellness Program, really convey that the company cares about the employees and values them as a major asset and not a liability.
Personally, the best reason for me to work at Apple was that you get to be a part of something really fantastic. People are changing the way they run their lives, whether business, personal, or both. And often, you get to see things become easier for them by switching to a superior Operating System. Additionally, you get to meet people who share similar interests as you, especially in certain fields. (For example, this might just be that you enjoy using a Mac, but you also get to talk to a lot of people who use software that's Mac-only, like those many Music or Film production applications.) This is also a really great job for those who enjoy teaching. A lot of what you do there isn't as much selling as it is answering questions and solving problems. That can be really fun - especially if you can show them an easier way to accomplish something or fix a problem that they thought unfixable. When you do sell, it's not like other establishments where the pressure's on or you're dependent on commission. Also, the products kind of sell themselves. There's rarely a situation where you feel like you have to sell something you don't believe in. There's something right for everyone and part of the fun is helping someone find the right fit.
It is Apple after all, saying you work for Apple is really the only incentive.
the products, the perks, and the benefits
It is an extremely fun place to be. Coworkers are easy to work with. The work environment is friendly. We get great discounts on our product(s).
Honestly, they're the best company I've ever worked for. Management is both competent and efficient, and communication is fantastic, as well as a sense of doing constant good for the company and our customers.
very fun atmosphere to work in and excellent people to work with. lots of camaraderie and bonding and the company really takes care of it's employees. the meeting are great because everyone gets to know everyone and there's always food and prizes and geez dont forget the discount. the management is great at taking care of problems
Apple is a large company, but often has a small company feel. Most project teams are very small - a few people at the most. Often there are only one or two key engineers directly responsible for features or key project areas. Because of how small teams are, it makes it very easy to approach key players and influence product direction. Conversely, key engineers don't have much bureaucracy to cut through to implement innovative new ideas. It is because of this culture of innovation, as well as a culture of excellence, that working at Apple has been one of the best experiences of my professional career.
Apple doesn't just have employees, they have True Believers. Most people begin working for the company because they're long-term Apple customers. Some grew up hoping to work for Apple one day. It's exciting to be part of something that inspires awe, curiosity, and sometimes envy among even the most stubborn detractors. Working for a company that produces products and services you believe in is much more fulfulling than, for example, hawking hoochie halters at Hollister. Even as a part-time employee, there are supplemental 'perks' to the job, including discounts, weekly training on software packages, and sometimes, even product gifts. For example, during my tenure with Apple, employees were given the iLife software suite, a 30GB Video iPod, a shuffle, Parallels Software, and an 8GB iPhone - all completely free. While those gifts are absolutely welcomed by staff, that isn't what inspires such praise and loyalty. Many Apple employees feel almost like missionaries, we spread the word of Mac, explain how Apple products can improve peoples' lives, and instead of just handing them the 'fishing pole', we teach the customers to fish through online video tutorials, in-store demonstrations, workshops, and even personalized weekly one-on-one training sessions. Personally, I have witnessed everyone from suited businessmen to droopy-jean clad teens to technophobic senior citizens come into the store, use the products for themselves, and fall in love. What's really fun to see, though, is how surprised they are at their own enjoyment of the products. The look of unmitigated joy that spreads clear out to the corners of their mouths and beams right up to the corners of their eyes is not something I have found in any other job I have had. Apple doesn't just give people products, they give them feelings such as pride, confidence, excitement, joy, and yes, even 'coolness'.
Despite the fact that it all boils down to selling products, Apple makes me feel like I'm actually accomplishing something. I leave work every day with the feeling that I've changed and improved our customer's lives, which is very rewarding. The entire atmosphere of the company is really refreshing, and inspires employees to do a great job. Everyone who works there has a great sense of humor and there's not a single employee there that I don't like. The benefits and promotions are a big plus as well, as there are literally hundreds of companies giving big discounts to Apple employees. I always check Apple's list of partners before I make any electronics-related purchase, as 90 percent of them qualify for a discount. The most rewarding part of working at the Retail store is getting to be the person who introduces customers to the amazing technology that Apple comes up with. It's an incredible feeling when you open up whole new worlds of productivity and creativity to strangers.
You can enjoy working there because its a great product, great people to work with, and great management. You can sincerely believe in the place that your working at and really love it. It's a really chill place to work, where you can be yourself, and really develop your talents and skills.
Apple is the kind of place where they throw you in the deep end very quickly and expect you to produce results. There is very little hand holding --- but since *everyone* has been in the same boat, folks are usually very good about answering questions If you can survive and excel in that environment and if you believe in the product and the mission of the company (without being an obnoxious fan-boy), this is a fantastic place to work. The company expects productivity and results, but also is very good about giving you the space you need to get the work done on time. Mico-managers (and those who require micro-management) need not apply.
Apple has a Great enviroment, with great energy, and variaty of person to person and person to peer interactions. It makes for a very interesting work day. theres almost never a moment of boredom. and when there is, here come 30 people around the corner. its demanding, its detailed and its alot of fun.
At Apple, you control your career. Nothing is off limits, and at the same time simply doing your job is enough if you need to focus elsewhere, such as family or education. Apple pays for most schooling and supports employees becoming more educated. I've never worked in a more supportive work environment.
Positive atmosphere, great pay, time when Apple is on everyone's minds, great products, great resources. The time we are in now, means easy sales, positive experiences with customers, being a part of a cultural change. With the new iPhone platform, new uses in education are being discovered and championed every day. It really is like being part of a new religion that everyone is adopting...
It's terrific to work for a place that has become such an iconic and reputable company, not to mention the fastest growing retailer in history. The products are second to none, and Apple has really figured out the best way to attract new customers, and maintain customer loyalty with old ones. The structure and hierarchy in the stores are unique to any retailer, making us the current envy of just about everyone. Everyday there is some extremely fun component or thing that happens that makes showing up to work an effortless task. I would recommend a job at Apple to just about any qualified individual. It's a great feeling to work for a company that truly does change the fabric of peoples' lives, everyday.
The soul of Apple, and it's strong point, is the people. Everyone you work with is proud and excited to be there. Everyone believes in the product(s) and are extremely knowledgeable about everything Apple. This was the first place I worked where everyone got along, where I made close friends with, and felt proud to be a part of.  Working at the Apple Store isn't because you want to make money, it's because you want to spread the word about the product because its changed your life and you want to help others do the same. I love it when a first time Mac user comes in and realizes that there is something other than the mainstream PC that will not only work for them, but that they'll have fun with. I can't count the times when a customer makes the switch from PC to Mac (or even Zune to iPod) and they come back just to say "hi" or to tell us how great it's working for them. Apple employees are not regular retail workers. We are the rock stars of the retail world. When a customer comes in and asks where something is, we don't just point a finger in the opposite direction. We personally help out customers according to their needs and find them the best solution.  It's a common thing to be on a first name basis with regular customers. I love welcoming people back to the store. They're surprised you remembered them from the one time you helped them out, and that you even remember their name and situation. Working with people at the Apple Store is on a personal level, and that is what makes our customer service excellent.
People who put in a set minimum number of hours in Apple retail can actually receive benefits and stock options! I personally didn't benefit from those pluses of working in Apple retail, but I am happy to say that Apple retail managers are extremely personable and accommodating. I worked a regular 9-to-5 job and took on the Apple job to help out with holiday bills. After the holiday season ended they allowed me to minimize my retail schedule to just once a week. Others in my position loved their jobs as well, and the best Mac Specialists were always recognized for whenever they went above and beyond. It was a fun place, and honestly, I only kept the weekend job because I liked the people so much.
Apple is very serious about promoting from within when able and about helping people grow in to the position they want to have in the company. They really do care about both the employee and the customer. Most other retail companies treat their employees like disposable items. When you reach a full time position the benefits are very good - they compete with other non-retail companies I've worked for and hands-down beat all other retail companies I've worked for.
The best reason to work for Apple was definitely the discounts, in fact, I plan to go back to work there, in a lesser capacity, in order to receive the discounts again. Apple has the coolest technology out there, and as a fan of theirs for a long time, it was great to get first hand knowledge and experience on the latest products. Also, when I first started working for Apple in 2006, there were a tight-knit group of employees who were "Mac-heads," and it was a great environment to work in. As soon as Ron Johnson got word that customers weren't getting enough attention due to not enough employees, Apple started hiring everyone in sight, and the environment became what it is today.
I love coming into work every day because almost everyone I work with wants to be there every day, and everyone has such great positive energy! When I was a Mac Specialist before becoming a Concierge, I never felt like I was doing sales - it just felt so relaxed and natural. I love the way that Apple approaches sales and solutions.  I feel proud being part of the Concierge team, because I see on a day-to-day basis how I really can enrich the lives of both customers and staff.
The corporation as a whole is a wonderful place to work. The training is excellent, and the support from corporate is wonderful. You'll learn so much that will help you later in life about technology. You'll also associate with a great array of people in both your fellow staffers and the customers: artists, programmers, health care providers, business people. You get to see new products and new technologies first hand. You also get to have a unique position to learn what's going on in the small developers community. One more thing: it's incredibly rewarding to help guide people to technology tools that are going to make their lives more interesting.
Working with incredibly intelligent people.
In some ways, it can be the most gratifying job you'll ever have. Being able to help 25 or more fascinating people per day, every day, is enormously rewarding. The clientele is dazzling, from humble college students and retirees, through to rock stars and the like, to Nobel Peace Prize winners, people who climbed Mt Everest, pioneers of the computer industry itself, and back down to that old friend from high school that you haven't heard from in a decade. Plus, you get hands on experience with all the new gadgets as they come out, the employee discount is great, and occasionally there's even freebies such as an iPhone for all full time employees as of when they were released. Apple Retail is doing some brilliant things, and some day every smart store is going to be doing things the way Apple is, so it's fascinating to be able to be a part of it now.
The benefits for fulltime employees were great. Stock options and retirement were also a huge plus for working at Apple.
Apple is a great place to be updated with the latest Apple technology, as well as being provided with superior training on their products. Every day, each employee is given a daily rundown as to how the store is doing, what new products are available, and how customers are rating our stores based on online surveys. As a company we can look at the feedback customers are leaving and be able to improve the customers' experiences, which in turn makes our experience better with less customer service issues. Whenever I have a particular question, whether it be how to fix a broken iPod to transferring data from a PC to a Mac, I know that there is another employee who will be able to answer that question without hesitation. I believe that Apple is the absolute best place for someone to buy a computer based on the training our staff goes through, and the services we offer in the store such as Personal Shopping, Personal Training, Genius Bar, computers for children to play on, and to allow anyone passing by to use our computers to both check us out as a product/company, or just check their inbox on Gmail.
When you work at a place like Apple you have an opportunity to change the way the world works with innovation.
The big positive for me is that I really do enjoy my job at Apple because it is always innovative and changes regularly.
The people we work with are great and I can't imagine life w/o the products. However, they are a tool that needs to be taught and used.
By far and away the best thing about the company is the people. Every store, every office, every part of Apple is full of talented, passionate people who all genuinely care about each other.  Benefits package is very good, comprehensive cover with health, dental, insurance, everything you would expect. Very easy to deal with the partners who administer the benefits and all very easy to take advantage of.  Plenty of progression opportunities, either within your current career path or into a totally different one. If you choose to totally switch it up and change directions as long as you're the right fit management will support you all the way.
staff is always funny and nice
salary, benefits, colleagues, environment, team work
Software engineer is my life .
systematically, well-organised, amazing benefits, and culture is good
Apple is one of the best places to work, great benefits, great culture, they nurture feedback and open communication, there are opportunities for growth and training..
overall very supportive work environment.
The people. Apple has an uncanny ability to hire people from all walks of life that really align with the company culture. It's a place to build your career and there is really a sense of ownership and pride in what Apple does. Yes, it is a large company multi billion dollar company, but there is plenty of opportunity to volunteer (Apple matches all your volunteer hours in local currency) and leave the world a better place. I do believe Apple is doing the right thing around customer data and privacy, and with regards to the Envoriment, all of our offices and store being 100% renewable energy. This is quite an accomplishment and I'm proud to part of a business that really cares about it's customers.
Because I know Steve Jobs more than 30th years ago. and I was the person who talked he about a new inventor for the computer technology. (same things).
The work environment is rather “liberal”, compared with most jobs here in Japan. The company takes really good care of each and every employee, and management is always keeping an eye out for trouble and concerns.
Good team and managers.
You work with great people.
a great team and products
Amazing products, very easy sell and very individual centric. Fulfilling job helping others by solving problems.
Just great people, great opportunities, ideas from all levels are always welcome.
Very huge responsibility and being respected
I am strongly saying apple worker .it's my pleasure
Work life balance really good
The training was very thorough
Growth and support. Safe environment to fail as long as you are willing to grow and be better for it.
good benefits and good culture, best company ever
Working Time. Career Track. Discounts available for Staff. No Flexi Time
1. Really smart and collaborative colleagues 2. Supportive and strategic managers
Training is exceptional Flexible around personal schedules
Great benefits, honest, open, accepting, flexible, modern
No commute good benefits opportunities to progress
Everyone is friendly and supportive to each other.
Biggest company in the world
A lot of perks and a friendly environment
The benefits are great and the salary is good.
Product discount and team atmosphere
Work life balance is great
Courteous and fair employer to employees
I just like it because it's fun
Benefits and decent salary (not the best tho)
Great benefits, great hours, flexible
one will have the chance to work with the best and smartest people in the insutry
Amazing company to work for, good perks and benefits, room to grow
Great training, great perks and the customer base are fantastic to work with
Great people and company really cares about its employees
Comforts, benefits, gym and changing rooms and showers are amazing, food is great and you always have help on hand.
Team, Salary, Environment, Experience, Reputation
Good part-time job. All about working as a team. Always busy so time goes by really quick. Discounts on Apple products.
Good Basic Salary package and good in house gym
Discounts for employees, good canteen and good work atmosphere ! Plus, you will become an expert in Apple products !
Good please to work I enjoyed it
Great benefits, great team environment
good trainingand lots of fun
Great team, open conversation about development and upskilling.
Flexible hours, GREAT benefits, paid on training
Salary , team spirit
Greag benefits and great salary
Good pay, Good pay, Good pay
Loved working with the customers.
1: Strong teamwork 2: fast pace 3: constant changes
very nice culture, good benefits
- great perks - great people - great time
Great benefits, amazing people, diverse and varied experiences, improved tech knowledge and high pay
Get a chance to feel the positive and innovative culture of the company, everyone get excited when a new product is about to launch
Caring, giving, humanist, rewarding company and good side rights
- Great training and experience opened doors to different industries and learnt invaluable lessons and skills along the way
Beautiful environment, nice facilities, all types of food is available.
Good hours Works with your schedule Gain a lot of personal competencies
Great benefits Fantastic place to learn and grow Exciting projects
Friendly staff who are your BFF’s during your time there. Some benefits.
Good Pay, Great Benefits, Good Management
- Good products to sell - Intellectual stimulated due to technical products - Passionate colleagues - Good atmosphere in most cases - Very supportive team when facing difficulties
Amazing benefits. Dentist, gym, stocks plan. Lot of training and managers that empower you
Good benefit and other resource
I worked at Apple for a year. It is a good place to work. Enriching experience. Lovely colleagues and management team.
- Great internal systems to make scheduling and other tasks easy - Awesome people - Really good benefits
Very satisfied, Where I want to be working for long years
Super flexible with time off
huge personal growth from both professional and technique perspectives
You learn a lot on how to handle operations that is very different when compared to other companies
Great culture, brilliant company to work for with very inclusive benefits.
Good canteen and food friendly colleagues
Brilliant colleagues and kind managers.
- Lots of training - Felt like a family and a great community - Great learning experience
- Average Pay - Discounts - Able to show your creative side - Good while at Uni
Decent salary for a retail environment
Developed so much in the time i spent there. Prepared me for things i'd never anticipate. Wouldnt have left if it wasnt for personal reasons.
Agile, innovative, creative, modern, love technology
- Good benefits (share program, study allowance, discounts) - Consistent hours - Nice people working there
Learns how to manage time
I want to work cause it’s has to benefits one for my self I can earn money and I will work hard and use the society or customers and I believe that I have an ability to do anything so that I want to work and
Supportive, good way to meet people
Opportunities for advancement if you're a hard worker and good at your job.
Good benefit compared to other company
Growth but most of all the company values
Its a really nice company.
Great staff and work atmosphere
The energy around the people is great.
Respected as an employee, flexibility, great remuneration package.
Opportunities to work on cool projects that are at the cutting edge of technology. Pay is good but not best in class
Friendly, flexible and generous.
mature sales model, supportive management, flexible hours and high quality products to sell
Benefits, Flexibility and a good place to develop if customer service is really your field.
Positive environment Good benefits Learning culture
easy work work from home good benefits free random stuff in the mail
Great oppurtunities for learning. Plenty of oppurtunites to work within the store. Great benefits and competitive pay within retail.
culture and people are amazing
Work culture, products, perks, stocks
Good place to work both at a personnal level
good environment in the company
Diversity, career opportunities, infrastructure, salary
Pays you better than any other retail job.  Got to pretend I worked for a tech company and had a real job even though I just problem solved basic user issues.  No pressure to sell.  Very good hiring practises, I liked all of my coworkers.  You get benefits even when part-time.  You work for a company that generally has very good practises in terms of privacy.  Lots of retention. So many coworkers were 5+ years with Apple retail.  High accountability for workers and management.
The best work of your life A lovely working environment
The benefits are great for a retail job.
Great discounts nothing more than that!
Supportive, flexible and understanding of work life balance.
culture management flexibility with requesting days off discounts and benefits
Surrounded by smart people Benefits
Know the latest technology.
Thanks to unicorn for giving me a chance to show my skills.. Has great benefits, development time, and some of the best employees to work with.
Has great benefits, development time, and some of the best employees to work with. The management is really motivating. Good Work-Life Balance.
Lively environment Fun people Professional Development Easy going work environment
Best place to work,Great products ,Innovation to make lives healthier One solution for all customers need Apple Best in class industry
Good discounts. Looked after staff. Opportunities.
Good benefts and good people
Work culture, benefits , stock plan
Treats employees a lot better than most retail
Great culture. Everyone has each other’s backs. Possibly the best retail work experience you can have.
Great work opportunity, lot of different teams to rotate and gain experience
Variety, people, decent pay (can be better), discounts, training and development
There are a lot of Benefits
Best place to work. Salary is not so bad
Great perks, great team atmosphere
a good place to work with others
fun fun great top best
Great atmosphere, great work for students.
Money is good for the kind of work, overtime is welcome
Working for apple you really do end up making friends for life
Decent pay, good employee benefits (although not as good as you might assume), Get to pick your own hours to a certain extent.
As glossy and professional as you would expect it to be!
Amazing array of benefits, great company structure and the ability to succeed if you work hard
Fantastic Progression and a company that stays true to its core values.
vibrant and fun lavish place to work
good training and clear coach
Great pay €11.80 per hour . Discounts -27% for you and 17% for friends / family(10 per product) 500 off any product after 3 months Stock purchase at 15% off lowest price over 6 months from start of purchase scheme .
Big, open, flexible and generous.
A lot of work life balance Employee discount on Apple products
Good Work/life balance Work amongst smart and creative individuals No micromanagement
Great perks, good benefits, great discounts.
Really good company as you have good advantages. Good salary and good atmosphere. Many events through the year and they help you develop yourself.
Best product today in marketing
Regular pay, no working weekends, close to city center
Lots of Benefits, great culture
-Busy atmosphere, days fly by - good fun // good team - excellent perks (Insurance, Dental, Gym etc)
The benefits are good, however not really better than what other companies offer in Cork or Ireland in general.  There are some great people in the department to work with.
Great team environment full of feedback and team learning
Pleasant atmosphere, and well taken care of.
Needing to job like this is impressive to lean a lot of skills, that helps you to be an expert for the thing you already will work in.
Great environment to work in and wonderful coworkers
The team in almost every store is excellent, Apple does a great job with hiring, if you’re there, you’re there for a reason.
The culture or growth, aspirations with UX focus. Great career opportunity and mobility.
My own Company nothing better than working for you
Great benefits. Well payed position. Job security.
Amazing environment to work at. No KPI no commission needed. And good discount rate
- Learned how to better communicate with people - Work with great people
Work with multiple talent, multiple horizons individual
Job perks - gym, dental, healthcare Workforce - Apple seem to hire great, charismatic individuals
None, great place to work.
Work in a great company in the world
tools, training, fitness ...
Take great care of employees. Tons of benefits. Fantastic working environment.
Culture, Motivation, Innovation, Benefits and Products
Great people, great atmosphere also
Great environment and support. Awesome training.
Good pay and perks, a lot of evolution opportunities after a few years, possibility to work from home, good environment and a lot of activities and opportunity for bottom-up management.
Gym, Pension, stock options, healthcare and salary.
You pick your preferred hours - 20 hrs per week. They can be adjusted to suit your college schedule. Good pay, work from home, talk to customers and help resolve issues, it's not difficult. Lots of opportunities to progress in the company of you want to go full-time.
Organized hardware development process. A lot of great people
Apple is a great place to work, there is a family feel, no upwelling pressures and great benefits.
Get to know many talented people
Good Paying get to know many people its fun
Great health insurance benefits and employee discounts. Work from home, claim tax benefits on rent and electricity.
Fantastic place to work, with fantastic atmosphere
Because it’s a very nice app
Cutting edge products in store
Good great company, nice benefits
Good work life balance. Staff benefits i.e. gym, stock options, etc. Opportunity to understand business strategy.
very flexible and people are open
Great being able to dip your toe in the water with leadership work.
A lot good ppl there
Working at home, no need to dress up
Friendly team as always. Full of energy
Good compensation package and working environment
Great company to work for, nice benefits such as discounts on products and fitness reimburstment.
Great community, focus on growth, really friendly and you can develop close relationships with those around you. Leadership is supportive and lots to learn everyday
Salary, people from all over the world
Culture, inspiration, career development, benefits
Everyone is so nice and good salaries
There are lots of pros
Great benefits, great atmosphere, great people, great managers. I have had a great experience there, the best until that time.
Great Working environment, good pay, and the workload is equally balanced.
Great benefits including stock purchasing plans. Company discounts are great. Up to date training on all products.
The people you work with are nice
Very best place to work
The Monday to Friday free fruit, although you're only allowed to take one piece and also have to make sure only to take from the fruit bowl that is label for you.
good salary conditions multinational possibility to escalate problem wellness
High efficiencies, experienced mgt teams, innovative peers ,young and high energy level
The reviews here on Glassdoor are going to be very positive throughout about Apple retail. Because the company itself uses very clever psychological methods in to making you believe your part of something amazing when in reality you just work in a shop.  The job itself in terms of retail and your wage is not bad. But saying this the company can easily afford to pay employees in retail a lot more when you factor in that you must work weekends and late shifts.  The perks they give have gone worse such as the healthcare is now done through an app where you still have to pay for Medicine yourself.  The biggest pro is you will work with the most amazing people, believe me this is what will get you through your day.
Very good to work for
The Apples in the lunch room.
Very friendly working environment. Well paid ,great employee discount, free gym membership, and generous health/dental insurance package
Great Employee benefits and great culture
Apple is great at taking care of the people who work there via perks and shares. Dream job type scenario
They are supper helpful and you work with a great team!
Very rewarding place to work
Good compensation Good quality of working place
They have the philosophy of "Good is the enemy Great", and that, together (kind of contradictory) with the buddhist Zen philosophy of minimalism, simplicity, marks the whole style and thinking of the company and the way they do business. The employee is quite well looked after. There are great benefits if you are a full time employee.
great benefits and discounts great opportunity to grown and develop skills
Nice mentoring, great place to learn
Great Team, great leaders, everyone is helpful
You work with a lot of fun people who have a very diverse skillset. Additionally, if you love technology, working as an Apple Genius is a great experience because you get to learn a lot about both the hardware and software of Apple products.
Good training, and Apple will employ people of entry level. Great experience for your resume. Facilities, salary and benefits good - above average.
- Team members become very close friends who you'll keep forever - The role is fulfilling and dynamic, with each day being very different - Company benefits and discounts are a win
Worked as an Apple Solutions Consultant..Great place to work good colleagues very supportive management very transparent policies..
money, working from home
Strong corporate financials. Otherwise none.
From flex medical, para medical and dental to life insurance, RRSP and shares, discounts, th benefits are great.
The Apple brand and hype and the cool people
Great Discount, flexible timings and engaging
Better paying job than most retail
- Good pay considering it's a part-time - Very supportive team and management - Nice perks buying electronics
The company has good compensation and performance rewards
You get to work with some of the best products available and help make people's life better.
Great place to work, great team. Leadership that care. All staff are motivated and have great potential.
Diversity and opportunities for growing up working in an amazing atmosphere.
Prices and colleagues and overtime possibilities
Benefits. Gym. Cafeteria. Nothing much.
Great salary Great benefits Great discounts Great progression opportunities
salary, work & Life balance is good for especially students
Good place to learn when you are young, lot if interesting stuf
Decent salary, several benefits, and nice location.
COOL and very fulling to work there
They hire great people and and if you have a knack for customer service its a great job.
Great benefits, amazing team, amazing atmosphere.
Apple provide a good welfare
Works environment is so good
good place to learn and work
Great People doing some great work
Experience improvement technology enlargement programming
- very responsive welfare which covers all areas - provide training to assist employee to settle down and discover job fitting - multi cultural
Company encourage staff to grow and support staff with enough funds. Good benefits with open communication company environment.
- Really innovative - Culture is great
Diverse Culture ，freedom，inspirition, friendly environment
Good compensation and benefits, supportive colleagues and management.
Great working environment, brand new desk, and computers. Cafeteria and relaxed colleagues. Air conditioning. 2 very good supervisors. Ergonomic assessment. The office was situated in a nice location, near the city center and close to public transport. The job itself was interesting and challenging. Some colleagues were great, very skilled, and knowledgeable in their field. People in the team were helping each other.
Awesome place to work I would recommend
Good experience Learn a lot of technical knowledge
- The store has a relaxed atmosphere - no pressure to make sales/no commission
a reasonable payment and big space
The culture here has low tolerance for politics. Leaders are very inspiring that keeps the staff motivated. The benefits here are great, gym allowance, medical and dental allowance. Flexible schedule. 15 days annual leave, 14 days medical leave.
- Well paid - Great environment - Great Teammates
Friendly coworkers who are generally helpful towards one another Good benefits
It'll face you with great opportunities to learn fast, you'll master key skills for the professional world, you'll learn a lot about yourself (if you're set on it as a career)
Very dynamic and enjoyable work atmosphere. Fast and efficient learning.
v nice, exciting , fun and enjoyable
Great company with a focus on excellence. Tim Cook is a good leader.
Very busy environment, never a dull moment. If you can resolve people's iphone issue, people SOMETIMES appreciate that. Good experience if you want to experience working in fortune 500 company.
nice company and lots of hours
The people. My colleagues are like family.
Work with likeminded people each day which is amazing
-Supportive Management -Lots of employee benefits -No commission, so less competition -Work/life balance encouraged
Everyone cares way more than at other high-street companies. Benefits are great comparatively.
A high energy environment with a diversity of co-workers
good culture and good team ethics
good company, with good benefits
Equality, work life balance, social oppertunity, creative collaboration
Work from home, benefits, salary
discount works at apple, can invite friends purchase products with discount.
The company provides with with transport and other necessity
Amazing technology to work with
Great pay, great benefits. Lots of cool people to work with.
Definitely the best job in the shop, lots to learn and lots of great freebies. I have never learned so much from a job and working with a huge variety of different people. Facilitation is definitely fun and great to be involved with the wider community regarding photo walks and bespoke events.  If you want a short term job to boost your CV and gain some facilitation experience then I say its perfect, otherwise avoid.
Stress free with work
really enriching experience - interesting to know how it works for the leading company on the market
-Lots of opportunity to develop -Working for an ethical company that cares about you as individual -Lots if flexibility as part time to fit around your life
Team atmosphere, misc perks, opportunity to move around, management
Training, good management, ability to progress
Great career development and teamwork. Focus on internal and external customer. Positive team environment. Great benefits.
-Really strong culture -Fantastic support, team environment A+
Employee benefit is relatively good.
Cutting edge tech, a lot of learning experience
Discounts of Apple products and merchandise
Get 420 Euro every 3 yrs off a product Discount on their products WOW. Like every company doesn’t do the same!! Nothing new!! Why everyone is talking about benefits when all corporate companies have similar. Free apple stock if you are willing to stay long enough to see real benefits. These pros are drowned by the way you are treated. Read on.
Good benefits Good pay for retail Easy work
Greater pay than most retail positions Great benefits Positive culture, even sometimes too positive that it becomes fake Great people for the most part
Constant training, great atmosphere, amenities
you are valued all the time
Great place to work I liked it a lot!
Salary is competitive Great management Holidays can be taken easily
None at all whatsoever ok
the people you work with on a daily basis.
Great environment, paid to talk to people and help people. Diverse workplace. Amazing brand and products. Great benefits and care for employees
Working at Apple is an experience and one that you need to really own to get the best out of it.  - Pay is okay. - Fittness Reimbursement - Free shares - Discounts
- Casual and horizontal culture - Great perks & flexible vacation - Well structured organization
- The people - Discounts - Striving for improvement
Friendly, Fun, Organised, Career development opportunities
Really great place to work. I love the culture, the benefits and the amazing people you get to work with. I’ve worked here for several years and progressed three different roles. If you want to succeed you will, if you want to just come in, get paid and go home you can do that too.
Always busy at genius bar
Fun working environment Competent management Caring company Excellent benefits
Teamwork, benefits, career experiences, customer attention
Love my job different challenge every day
Growth within your role ,Excellent Training, Wellness activities
good culture and good pay
Flexible hours, good benefits, nice colleagues.
it is a very productive environment to work at
They have a lot of
loads of different perks and stuff
Great work environment. Very enjoyable!
Amazing people and amazing experience
Product discounts for friends and family. Good outreach programs.
Great Part-time job in college. Tough as a full time job working inside a retail store. Corporate best option for less stress (not having to deal with customer's directly).
- Great management - Great benefits
Travelling business class to San Fran, great pay, access to latest technology
Great benefits and pay and good colleagues
Bonuses Well Developed teams Nice office and big parking lot
Great manegment, great people,fantastic environment
It is a big company with a lot of amenities always events to keep employees happy absolutely relaxed working atmosphere Canteen with fresh, varied and inexpensive offer Camaraderie with colleagues Private health insurance ( verry important in Ireland )
very good environment to work
Very never place to work great environment.
Medical coverage it is exceptional
The culture is extremely fun and positive. The workplace encourages you to be yourself.
Good work/life balance Stock Package Good working environment Product Discount Great working culture Professional Development
Amazing team environment Great work/life balance Ability to work on skill sets and develop as an individual (personal development) Flexibility and support when issues arise
All the great Apple values and a sense of being part of something big and important
- Easy Job - Great working from home
Best company to work with They have a lot in store for the employees in terms of knowledge and benefits, the a management is really motivating
Good pay, benefits and fun
First of all working at Apple is fun, we're trying to give the best customer journey. We want to customers come back again either to buy another product or to help them fix their issues. Relationship between colleagues is respectful, also we give fearless feedback to our peers to keep the Apple standards up. At Apple we embrace the diversity of humanity. Benefits of Apple are amazing.
Nice colleagues , nice canteen
Apple was an incredible place to work at, meeting people all parts of the globe. Great co-workers and felt like a family, even in such a large organization.
Good salary for retail job
Great culture and a really genuine commitment by the company to develop and grow as a person.
They were one of the best employers I have worked for
Great Brand, adds value to your resume. Strict discipline cultivates you into a better person.
Flexible Work balance Good Environment Free food Free Pool
Fast pace environment. Family feeling once you get to know your peers. There are great benefits and you learn important take aways that can be used in the outside world
good team work and happy people
One of the best companies i have worked in. Super smart and driven people in the organisation. It is always a team effort in the projects that i am involved in
Incredible people, great atmosphere, rewarding work, amazing benefits.
1. Great mentorship, 2. A comparatively good working environment that values hard work and a team with great teammates, 3. Good pay and benefits, 4. An environment that promotes fearless feedback, 5. You will love its culture for sure, including the care for employees.
Excellent team. Lots of room for development. Great benefits. Positive company culture.
It feels like a family! The job can be stressful (but this is purely because of the customers), but your co-workers are always there to support you. Lots of perks and great employee discount!
You are part of a community, a family
- Amazing people - Relaxed atmosphere - Great benefits - Mentoring and Development within role
• Good discounts • Looks really good on CV • Inspirational people that work for the company • Boosts ego • The old credo is a brilliant look into the mind and thoughts of Steve Jobs • Amazing induction program
For the AppleCare Advisor via Phone position a one month paid training is provided, making this a great entry level position and it was interesting to see how things are handled at Apple internally.
Great company with engineers and management full of passion and dedication to product
Great benefits in the job
Great environment surrounded by great coworkers.
Awesome environment, good benefits, lovely colleagues, great team spirit!
Good Benefit Established Process Diversity Stock Package Product Discounts Great Work Culture
Awesome vibes and experience, friendly people, flexible job
The discounts on new devices.
friendly, positive culture, have fun at work each day
Good company to work for good holidays/training/discounts
- such a good wage for the kind of position. - Great benefits: fitness center opened 7d/24h with great equipment, cafeteria with great cookers and good food, health center (dentist, gynecologist, ophthalmologist) on site, reduction on Apple products. - There is a lot of career opportunities in AppleCare if you have a good manager who will support you and advise you.  AppleCare department is good place to learn about competition, stress, patience and perseverance.
Company genuinely cares about its employees Great benefits Always learning something new Awesome culture
High salary, nice colleague
Secure, good salary, benefits, cheap fitness
fun place, alot of people working
Every department and work process is very structured. Direction from management is clear most of the time. Depend on the role, can have flexibility at work.
Great benefits - discounts, healthcare, etc.
- Good Benefits - Good way to gather experience
- A great team seems to be almost a universal thing! I’ve made some really great friends. It’s insane that you can work on a team of 100 or so people and like 80-odd of them.  - Can’t argue with the benefits, gym, dental, private health care. If you go away on business, the expense allowance is insane.  - I worked here full time for a year after graduation and struggled with boredom: however, I can see this being an Amazing part time job for students, and would encourage any one looking for part time work and a little extra money to apply - pay is very fair. If you do need to stay in retail for a while after graduation, you’ll be in a much better position to progress and pick up some more exciting work if you’ve put in a few years as a student. My old store has TEs and geniuses who are 20/21 who’ve been working their since they were 17.  - progression seems to be good (at the moment - BATTERY GATE) on the genius bar! If you’d like to stay at apple for a couple of years, I think the GB is definitely the way to go. In general, the GB seems to retain more staff as well - PZ can have a bit of a high turn over.  - I did actually feel like management cared about me and my progression. I think the culture at apple, over all, is very caring. Just little things - like people being prepared to pick up stuff like coffee or pain killers for you while they’re out on break - if you go on holiday, everyone will ask you if you enjoyed yourself/where you went. And after putting in my notice, everyone was very congradulatory and supportive.  - as you read over my cons REMEMBER: as far as customer service jobs go, this is by far and away the best one I’ve worked.
- Great People - Kind Management - Stimulating Work - Great Benefits - Extreme Flexibility
Great benefits and compensation Chances to travel the globe if you are in the right team
None I can think of.
Eager place to work there
Challenging role with the opportunity to talk to new people everyday, Hellenes you to think at all turns.
-Gives amazing training and skills that can be used for the rest of your life -The people are wonderful and basically extended family
- Great people - Great culture
get the latest technology surrounded by great minds
"Private Health Insurance", Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, Wellness Centre on site, Gym on site, Employee Purchase Plan,
Build your skills, great company, looks good on CV
The people are amazing and you make friends for life The environment is awesome and the the access to new technology is cool
- incredible flexibility - benefits - great training program - amazing colleagues who are always happy to help you - always so many new things to learn with all the product knowledge
Great products, great people and culture.
It is a big international Company.
- Good environment for proactive go-getters, definitely lots of room for self-growth - The chance to work with lots of smart people - Customer satisfaction obsessed
Work in a global leader company. Good benefits.
pay, fun, colleagues, manager, work
Amazing environment, great place to work, long hours standing up, it's quite annoying those Apple Fan managers who see Apple as a God
Great working balance Amazing team Opportunities to progress internally
awesome support from team and leads great benefits, medical, dental, fitness and health subsidies, educational support as long as it lines up with what you want to pursuit with the company in the future
Good salary is satisfying and it can leads to motivate the employee
Good pay, flexible shift, good training provided
Ability to work from home
-Work environment is very friendly and positive. The general atmosphere is something that definitely retains employees. -Pay is definitely decent as far as entry level retain goes. -Great discounts overall, not just Apple products.
Great company values that are brought through with some excellent benefits.
The benefits package along with Cafe Mac is amazing and goes a long way in keeping employees there. They treat their employees well and that goes a long way in keeping staff.
Work with an incredible team. Fantastic managers who want to see you grow and eventually grow into a better person with great aspirations. Fantastic benefits, including education subsidy and health insurance...especially as this was a retail role. Learn invaluable people skills which will easily translate into the corporate world.
Benefits, Employee Discounts, Informal workplace
Lots of shifts Transfer availability to different stores
Excellent benefits, ok salary, discounts are decent, structures are clear and staff infrastructure is simplified and reliable. On site facilities are very very good
Benefits are great, it’s not a 9-5, fast paced environment. You won’t be bored working at Apple. Generally you will work with great people who are fun to be around.
Not being afraid under the threatening of China, and situated in Taiwan, the country with most freedom of speech and freedom of press in Asia.
Pay , culture , capability of employees , values , they listen to their people
Great Team and Great work!
Benefits Sports & social Fun environment Nie management
- Benefits are actually good. Eye and Dental are covered, and their Employee Assistance Program offers referral and free sessions to anything from accountants to psychiatrists. - Very good pay for a job where you just walk around and play with products - Good variety of tasks which 1. teaches you something new at all times 2. allows you to become a jack of all trades - Depending on your management team, good support when it comes to life events and compassion are always appreciated
good work, good salary and rcu
Good benifits, challenging, team work, diverse
Think it's a fantastic retail job. Benefits are unheard of in most retail environments - full dental, medical, great purchase plan and stock plan, great pension scheme.
Easy going environment, very friendly staff.
- very fun people, and everyone for the most part is happy to be there and wants to help you - lots of opportunities for personal development, you own your own journey
Great team, Benefits for both part-time and full-time employees 401k
Wellness- doctor onside. that's all.
Easy going environment, really relaxed
Good benefits in terms of health. Free gym (pay back at the end of year Good perks over busy periods - lunch provided
Great people Great training Able to move laterally
good pay free time people
Learn a lot of things. Good people. Life work balance
It's a place with dreams. You will fit well, if you love Apple sincerely.
Lot to learn, can make an impact
Good Money Easy Job It has Great Perks
Computers are there. If you like the computers then go ahead and enjoy the computers. Phones too.
Average pay, discounts are good but not great. Stock Options are 10% maximum, but they have RSUs now for almost everyone but if you stop working the RSUs that you haven’t received will evaporate if you stop working for them. There is training but that doesn’t include in-depth learning of products, you will have to learn almost everything yourself, in your own time. If you are an Alpha type that has to be numero uno prepare to battle with others like you, everyone else is ground down over time and leaves or possibly gets recycled which is what they love to talk about.
Good company , nice benefit , nice people .
Culture, flexible, work hard, play hard
Great Staff RRSP Contribution Health and Dental Plan
Amazing culture - everyone is charismatic, interesting and different Great benefits
Atractive place, atmosphere, managers , culture
Amazing development and skill building opportunities. Fantastic culture. As long as you are intentional and driven you will find success.
Good boss, lots of motivaion
very good in a paying sense
as a part-time worker they really take care of you. benefits are similar to full-timers
Good Work-Life Balance Good Salary Good Working Environment
- No stress commuting to work - Systematic program working from home - Able to concentrate on repeating work (Just run myself as a robot) - Good company benefit (Health related, Apple product discount....etc)
teamwork, continuous improvement, benefits, great management
benefits, working hours, support for getting lunch, payment
Great place to work, good values, fair salary and huge possibilities to evolve regardless of your academics background
The benefits are great, the people are nice
Pretty fun work environment
Good company with excellent product and supply chain
Apple is as much a magical company to its employees as it is to its customers... but only if you're based in the US.
Supportive team, great environment for self-development
It is an multinational company and its products are very attractive, which attracts the customers to buy it. Apple is an international brand where we have to selling the company products with little effort. I have bacholar's degree in psychology so now am doing Global MBA degree from keimyung University South korea. Its my dream of life to work in this company.
People first , good wage and benefits
Dinamic environment nice people. Discounts on the products and services. Exposure to new products and a lot of possibilities for learning.
Solid salary, sick days, on-site doctors and wellness center, health insurance and pension.
- AMAZING colleagues. The only reason I stuck it out so long was because the people there were great, and really made the job fun. - Solid above-average pay for retail, so great as a part-timer or student. - Discounts on Apple products. - Free food for holidays was a nice perk.
If you fit, culture is great, long career, most people don't quit and like their job. Friends and coworkers are the best part
Good people and good benefits. They now off a lot of training on products which allows you to expand your knowledge
Cool people at work, good benefits
Its one the most realastic comapany wich plays a key role in this 21st century till now
I really can't find any.
nice atmosphere, comfortable location, challenges
Nice benefits..some friendly colleagues nice location
Proactive, dinamic, interactive, and good for hard work. I like this company because is a great company and its universal
Excellent Salary. Great Benefits, Amazing people to work with at your own level.
Great team work globally. Always someone to guide you and great platform to submit change and system issues. Always willing to listen to any employees and instant feedback can be expected.
good people and nice products
Perfect company lots of benefits. You can learn about Apple products. Go to gym and enjoy your life after you are exhausted with discussing your incapable manager.
good company, nice culture, great management
Employee Discount Health Care Dental Salary is above average for a call centre job.
Incredible, fast pace, high level of autonomy, opportunity for intermittent growth within subset of organization
great co workers and great wxpericence
In the end, absolutely none
Flexable with time Days off Discounts The team you work with Learn everyday Pay Atmosphere in the store Leadership are very open and you can talk to them
Very smart people, good facilities(gym, wellness center, cafe)
The people. Co-workers and managers always ready to help and support each other. Best managers I have ever worked with!
Good Company and salary is ok
Friendly co workers and great incentives
Everything is good Good salary, Good benefits!
For the biggest retailer in the world, it doesn't feel like you are working in retail. Apple have developed an amazing culture within the company that puts emphasis on personal and professional development to get the best out of their employees. You develop a special skill set that will serve you in all aspects of your life as the ongoing training provided allows team members to become more self aware. Apple remain consistent in their culture and values so regardless of what apple store you work for, you will always experience a familiar environment if you ever wish to transfer to new stores around the world, making it a little more homely when adapting to big changes.
- good for entry-level - awesome co-workers, at least where I was - decent benefit package
Working environment is fantastic and positive.
Good pay, benefits, and not sales driven
Colleagues are all in a similar age in the team. Super nice and willing to help. I learned a lot even join as fresh graduates.
You can experience what being part of the hive mind means .  You can buy a phone for 100 euro.  The name is all that matters.
Passion Eye for detail Good personality sharp exciting business
Very structured and organized. Great for teamwork in software development. Very high standards.
- Flexible work arrangements - Team bonding and travel opportunities - Good culture from management down
Great experience to contribute on global work
Excellent health benefits Good dental and optical benefits Good share program
Compensation and benefits. Travel and opportunity to participate in market-level events and projects. Training and development.
Fun working environment because of the wide variety of personalities that make up the staff. Most of my coworkers were young adults around the same age and generally laid back people.
Increase patronized rate, increase sales revenue, high turnover rate, high level of customer retention,maintenance and sustainability.
The training they provide is the best I’ve experienced. The products are great and the satisfaction of making a customer smile is awesome.
Health Plan, Staff Discount, Pension, Discounted Shares, Culture and Staff
Best place ever to work.
Work from home, no commute, shifts change 4 times per year, very good atmosphere, very approachable management.
You get to fly business class on international trips but in return you have to work 14 hour days whilst there.
Working from home. Discounts on products
Working from home, Occasional box of chocolates in the post, Discount on an IPhone once a year,
The salary increase and benefits are good.
Great benefits- such as healthcare, holidays, pension, employee discount
Very nice installations,food not very expensive (5€) but not for free as other companies do. Upper management was alright,great benefits and if you are an Apple fan very good promotions on products and services.
Benefits Salary Learn from them Canteen with discount Location (not that far from city center)
Very Positive and constructive environment. Your managers guide you building your career and support you in this journey.
- Great pay and benefits - Get to work with the latest tech on a daily basis - Amazing discounts on Apple and third-party products
Everything apple Decent employee discounts Cool uniforms Cool gadgets
working with so many talented people in challenging projects, you work hard, you build your reputation. people is very supportive cross functionally. benefit is good
Great culture, working colleagues, atmosphere and benefits
People are great and nice atmosphere, you work hard but once you do that you are left alone , canteen is really good and the onsite facilities are second to none.
Great fun up there and great discounts
Good health insurance, good opportunities to grow in the company, great gym.  You meet amazing people in the company and build excellent relationships.
Great career opportunities and equality among people. Lucrative benefits and fair wages are also a massive plus.
Excellent training, opportunities to rise to the top of retail quickly and visit other stores and offices
Good benefits, good team, flexible hours
You work from home and it is easy money
fantastic coworkers, great training. Good friends
Good gym and health care facilities
Have a high level of passion
Good customers. Good graphic marketing design finding the beauty in life.
medical and dental insurance, life insurance, pension plan, discounts, paid sick leave, option to have unpaid leave
Fantastic place to work Get through training and it’s great the trainers, mentors, working from home job it is brilliant The money is good also
An incredible company where every area of the business is trying to leave the world better than they found it. You will work with insanely intelligent & talented people, a real privilege to work side by side with them.
- Great employee discounts and day-to-day perks - Lots of opportunity for promotion and growth within the company. (If you're willing to put the work in) - Flexible hours (for part-time employee's) - Higher pay than most other Retail Job's. - Company hires mostly great, smart people.
Lovely Atmosphere GOod Salary Good Teammates
I got the chance to work with the best people in the industry using the latest Apple products. World-class automated systems and processes and great facility.
Nice interviewers. Interesting interviews and culture.
Great place to grow but not climb up
Loved working here. Great people
Gym 24/7 onsite Wellness Centre with doctor, dentist, physio, optician, massage therapists, personal trainers, fitness classes all a copay or free Great team of staff in all areas Lots of different operational areas at the campus in Cork
Great coworkers, you work with some amazing people. For a retail job, the pay and benefits are well above average
Most colleagues are friendly.
Team focused - nice colleagues Good health wellness benefits Caring mgt Quite flexible on leave application even in retail Lots of Creative and cool people
Incredibly high standards and tons of learning
Great benefits (Life assurance, health insurance, pension scheme). Good training. The company as a company and brand, is great.
A good company worth to work.
great environment to learn and grow
Discounts, discounts and discounts. Couple of other cool benefits, but corporate get more. Of course. Retail get nothing as usual
Apple is a brand, my dream and passion is to work in that company to showcase my talent.
- Great atmosphere - The wage is correct and is evolved along the career - Great advantages when you want to get Apple products
- The hiring process is strict and when you start working there you understand why, Apple hire like minded people who will work well together, the trouble makers are left at the door - Great job if you are still studying or have kids - Full timers still clock in and out so they get paid for every minute they work
- Almost zero politics - Great work culture - Talented colleagues
it is a great company with good name
full health insurance and paid maternity& paternity leave Employee purchase program
Good brand to have on your resume.
Good and friendly people and environment
interesting,engaging,good pay and work-life balance
The atmosphere is amazing and working around like minded people makes you want to better yourself and give a better experience to the customers
- Good Pay - Good Benefits - Good Culture
Great people Ok pay once you get to Genius level Some stores have lovely layouts You get certified training that to other companies is seen as an amazing thing (only as a Genius) Feedback culture You’ll make friends for life Great free food on occasions Stocks programme Health and dental care packages
Amazing team, great perks, good for learning.
The discount is nice and the benefits are pretty good. You get the training on the job, they provide everything you need.
The company is great with many benefits The people are great company and you keep those friendships Good feelings when you help someone or change their lives
Great benefits and compensation plan, outstanding work and life balance
On-site gym, Canteen, on-site doctor, there's not much else to add really
Retail environment is very positive A great place to learn and grow Pay is pretty good A majority of the people are helpful
Variety, opportunities, training, learning , multi cultural , gym , canteen , health insurance !!
Good benefits. Usually good Team Managers
Ge to meet great individuals every day Amazing benefits
Great benefits, health care on site, discounted products, acknowledge hard work
Amazing colleagues Great Christmas parties/gifts/food Lots of feedback and everyone wants you to succeed
Health, dental and travel insurance. 27% employee discount on Apple products. Unlimited access to learning and education materials. Huge range of benefits - health support, remote doctor, gym reimbursement, bike rebursement, etc etc.
- Great benefits - Diverse team - Generally leadership are smart, supportive people.
Good mixture of people to work with happy going fun. Customers are great and always return to you when they feel helped them. Pay is ok as a start. Many work benefits for you which is excellent makes the low pay ok in long term
Good workspace great work space
Non-demanding workload No minimum performance requirements Job security Decent employee discounts on various 1st and 3rd party products Low drama work culture, albeit a bit cultish
Overall ok if you like Stock options and the products are quality and have good demand and have good support systems
Brand of a famous company
Amazing co-workers who treat you like family, feedback and development in your role is important (depending on the individual's motivation), great benefits, recognition to employees
Team Development & Work Life Balance - Career Experiences
Discount on products is very good
Working at Apple allowed me to build upon many personal targets. The company was very considerate in dealing with my university schedule.
At home work for office
Opportunities to develop are there, if you take them. Exciting work environment and inspiring colleagues.
Every day was new channelling day and face a lot of new people, got to know their thinking and learn a lot from my colleagues and my manager. She was really helpful.
nice workplace with good environment, challenges everyday, nice workmates to work with everyday, good company to grow with, excellent products,
I am an Apple At-Home-Advisor as I love Apple products and I love working from home. The job on the outside seems amazing: - Work from home! - The pay is okay! - Company discounts and stock options!
Great benefits and really good pay. Great experience overall
Cheap high quality food (3€ a meal on average), great working environment (sport classes, amazing campus) great learning and flexible work hours.
Great environment , always doing well
People are fantastic to work with Culture Great Compensation Package
good benefits, work life balance.
fine. worked in the shop. lot of pressure
Responsibility of sales team, good interaction
Smart colleagues, and some hyper smart ones -- the kind you work with and feel smarter afterwards as a result  Excellent staff discounts  Nice offices and work spaces (even if the tech rarely worked, ironically)  Frequent beer bashes
Pretty hard and boring work in the store, but colleagues are very nice people and management try also to support and motivate.
- Great leadership (probably depending on what store you are at, I imagine it would vary) - Good variety of what you would do on a day-to-day basis - Great uni job
Good work culture and great team. Focus a lot on delivering the best products for customers
It looks good on the cv to say that you have endured and come out the other side not too damaged
-Great coworkers -Amazing benefits -Good starting pay
good salary, nice manager, perfect team work
Great team Good hours Nice stores Nice customers Chance to do some store visuals Good shift patterns Easy work load
Good salary for the time I spent and effort shown!
Great environment and great leaders!
Feel genuinely valued and trusted with great benefits. Love the high standards and being pushed to be better. Best team I have worked with - engaging and diverse. Always something new to learn and do. Seeing the best in the situation and people, building each other up.
The environment is amazing, the support from the leaders and colleagues are exceptional, and you learn something new every day.
Great benefits and a really cool environment to in
not long hours and not too boring
Bgm the company is ok but sometimes salary is delayed
Love the challenging yet fun work environment.
Benefits , colleagues, work from home
Educational and Health benefits are very good
Job that allows you to learn constantly, in an extremely positive environment! Apple provides fantastic employee benefits also. . .
Big salary Nice food and mates
Good place to work for apple fans
Good company to work for. Good benefits package.
Great benefits with good pay. As long as you know to sell yourself, your pay can be quite decent. Paying for school helps and dental and medical benefits are great.
Good employee discount if you can wait for the new product, reputable company that your friend will be jealous at
Great place to work You will meet lots of interesting persons Mentor ship is amazing
Professional Environment, Professional Management, Good perks and benefits, Good pay.
Very friendly environment Management give you plenty of opportunities to advance in the company Nice training programs for apple software
great place to work for poeple starting there career
Creative environment, fun and positive
Apple has a unique vision of computing and of how IT may improve a daily life, it is a good place to start with
Amazing and smart individuals, customer excitement, incredible products, customer approval of products and excitement to engage on a long term strategy is unmatched
Great Company, diverse, lovely colleagues, amazing work place
Remuneration package is good, Extra Leave for thanksgiving Short-term disability benefit Maternity benefit Complimentary recreational ticket Shares option Employee Product Purchase
Working with amazing colleagues where you can make genuine real friends. Diverse culture within the work place Discounts and benefits
Get to stay in your pjs all day. Great pay (especially for students). All the apple employee perks, stocks, free stuff, pension and massive discounts. Good experience in customer service and looks great on a cv.
- Good environment - Great people - Managers are flexible - Competitive salary
Amazing people. Amazing benefits and compensation.
Great team work environment with great learning oppurtunities
Good team job and food
Benefits and pay are great. I've also made some great life-long friends working here
Amazing team and support Company values are progressive Company that values diversity Great benefits Good flexibility and understanding of uni commitments
Great benefits, great co-workers. Was a fabulous job.
Less working hour in your job, company have many benefit and also for your partner. Many holiday for empolyee, work life is balance.
Nice People, good discounts, nice gym
Best people to work with, made friends for life, company ethos is amazing, benefits are incredible. Work life balance support. The company is amazing
Innovative and smart people , great product to work on, wondered ful brand
A lot of Diversity and relaxed place to work
Great business and great people
Great Team Supportive Ethos Great Benefits Highly paid for a retail job
broaden your vision while restricting your possibility
You work for apple, thats great
Lots of exciting projects to work on - if you're at the right level. Super smart people Amazing facilities - gym, cafe, health Hard work is well rewarded
Well developed processes and good exposure.
Work life balance is taken seriously Great Benefits (health, rrsp, discounts, etc) Culture Overall positive working environment Proper training for the role
Good pay, looks nice on CV
Great team, Great culture, Great products
amazing atmosphere, felt inspired by my colleagues every time I was working. definitely more of a family than a team and every knew everyone which was lovely and helped everyone out when necessary. Lovely environment to work in definitely would recommend taking the job if your looking for a fun, chilled but exciting and fast paced place to work.
Nice colleagues in the office
Management are flexible and understanding, great deal of trust and personal commitment from team members, extremely positive environment, and you don't take your work home with you - excellent work-life balance for decent pay. Not beholden to numbers and targets.
Great benefits, great stocks provided, great discounts, great healthcare, the benefits are good but could be better, could be better support available.
Great people Great career development
Flexible working hours The team was welcoming and inclusive of the new comers A lots of new things to learn everyday
no stress at work, easy going
always meet and work with great people, really rewarding when helping a customer in a difficult situation. fantastic company benefits which you'd be hard press to find at another part time job
- Competitive salary - Work life balance is good - Great benefits and Team spirit
Extremely positive work environment with great feedback culture and positive reinforcement. Lovely managers, colleagues, everyone who works there is really awesome.
Good apple devices are good
Liked the other happy employees
Great training, managers, benefits.
Excellent Community and Benefits as well as perks.
Great working environment Most diverse number of people you will meet
Benefits are great and give you peace
-Great community of peers -Supportive management -Ethical and generally fair company
Everyone I met seemed committed to the company and their work. On the whole people were nice to work with
Amazing people. Fun, bright and vibrant environments. Engaging interactions with customers who love the brand. Lots of opportunity to branch out and learn.
You will have the latest technology Apple produce
There were a lot a lot ]of staff benefits
Great enviroment Good salary Amazing building and facilities
Great diversity and great employees, lots of people with a whole range of different interests and passions  People from all different walks of life
Great morale and team Very positive environment Incredible benefits (fitness reimbursement, stock options, RRSP, school reimbursement) Super flexible schedule  Basically the best part time job possible for any student
We can work in our own pace
They are nice and good people
Really smart people work with you
The staff are awesome. The location is nice. You’ll make friends. They have some pretty good benefits. Apparently this has to be 20 words long.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Discounted Apple Products, High Salary, Health Insurance, Eye-Teeth Insurance
You get great discounts and benefits and its an awsome job
Product innovation, culture, teams, trainings, product access
They provide really great training
Good salary, less stress, but great culture and very people caring
Great Salary and good benifits
global working environment friendly team good medical benefits
Always challenging & lots of responsibility
I love iOS development .
Good culture, nice workplace, fun people
Great salary and great co-workers!
Friendly and cooperative working environment.
-flexible working time -a wide range of benefits -discounts in getting newest Apple products
Famous company brand, work life balance (since there's not much work to do), many employees are good people and avid Apple fans
Very good experience in Apple Store
Benefits, Co-workers, Discounts, Meeting new people
Got a lot of money
Forward thinking and a pioneer in innovation and technology. Always a pleasure to work for the best and good to have on CV.
cares about their employees and culture
The culture is not for everyone, but one of the best in the industry.
Training & Development is there if you are prepared to take advantage of it. Career dev can go very fast.
Staff benefit Technical expertise building Financial compensation
Love Apple, great culture, great learning environment, great people
Interesting , Rewarding , Very smart people
Social network with staff is good
Discount on products, great facilities.
Easy job, fast paced, intelligent people.
Very Good carrier development
Good benefits, Salary is ok should be better!! Worlds richest Company etc Loads of opportunities or it would seem Company Discount
centralization innovation and ingenuity i win in the lattary 2018 i am iranian i am industrial engineer and master degree in business management in need a job for seven manths later
AppleCare is Great, feels like Family. Great place to start to get macOS and iOS knowledge. Don’t have to bring work home. Very competitive salary.
The comfort of working from home. Reasonable pay and company perks.
Continuous opportunity to learn and grow
good salary, discounts
Access to new tech and accessories.
A great environment to work in. Even though I am in the sales team but we do not have a sales target. The focus is on customer experience and we have a set of metrics to achieve which is independent of our salary payout. This creates a less stressful environment compared to the conventional sales position.  Management are more prone to motivate rather than beating you with a stick.
A lot of support from the team and managers
good Company if you want to work for retail...
Strong products portfolio, strong branding
Work environment, facilities, training & coaching, salary.
great food every day at work
- Worked as an At-Home Part-Time (College) Advisor - Product discounts - Benefits - Good Work Environment - Constant training on new products
I get to work with smart people & learn new things on a daily basis & i get to help people
- Work with tech all day  - Looks good on CV  - Staff (not management) are cool  - Private Heathcare  - 27% discount and EEP+ every 3 years.
looking at all the products is pretty cool and getting to play with them when everyones gone
Decent pay, good tech, good management
Management tries their best to motivate you, don't feel under pressure, pay, Work from home
You get to learn how the biggest company in the world operates. You learn how to handle 30 people at the same time.
Great benifits, educational reimbursement, fitness reimbursement etc
Great company to work for,really enjoying.
Real team spirit, a lot of friends that will stay forever. There is always something going on.
> 25% off one device from every product line once a year
Working with a motivated, diverse, knowledgeable team. This job taught me a lot about myself and working with people.
Excellent company to work for.
A lot of opportunity for growth, Good benefits as compare to other company. No dress code.
Open space, lots of internal benefits.
Reasonable discounts, employee stock program is a nice benefit but it vests over three years
Friendly,Happy,Enjoyable,Educational and fun work place
you get to connect with people
Extensive training, good health benefits.
Discounts, culture. Staff members genuinely cares about each other
Work stops once one clocked off. Good colleagues. Ok to give best and honest advice to customers. Good place to see internal software systems.
Cohesion with team members. Great interaction with customers and opportunity to enrich lives. Good working hours and lots of days off.
environment is cool, lots of fun
very good manager, and taught me a lot of tech, and very good experience
great working environment alongside smart people
Culturally diverse company, it's refreshing to see that people of all creeds and cultures are being considered for jobs as there is no reason that any company should not be as diverse as Apple is.  Great benefits including gym reimbursements, dental care subsidised etc..  Fun atmosphere, no favouritism and always given opportunities for things as long as you note your interest.
good work environment, great perks
- Amazing life skill lessons. - Amazing people. - Great structure.
Good pay for a part time job
Team workship/ Mindful people/ Respect of others/ Strong security and rules/ Managers and team leadership very accessible/ Strong advantages, reductions, healthcare, good pay.
No. 1 company but not necessary the best company sometimes. Pays well but they expect you to really work every minute
Nice company to work with.
Great energy in the stores!
The staff and coworkers were second-to-none, making this one of the greatest places in retail to work. We had incredible mental health awareness campaigns, as well as, diversity training
Fantastic culture where focus was on customer engagement Management weren't afraid to let go off staff on secondments for trial roles Paid pretty well in the world of retail Fantastic benefits and private healthcare
Working life balance, good benefits and people care.
It's a place where I can acquire more skills
Structured, great discounts, fun work environment
the best place to be empowered
very good culture, motivating staff to govern himself
Really great environment and people
Good experience for the for uni job, making friends, good career opportunities if you work hard and stay within the company for a few years
Amazing team environment and great upper management
Apple in the good and big brand in all over the world and now a days peoples are going very fast because of Apple company.
It was Ok working at the compamy
I just want to grow up in my life i realy want to do something for my family and i feel that this oppurtunity is good for me
worked as @ home tech adviser good learning path
Top technology, nice multicultural environment, excellent benefits and extras, possibility to progress if ready to take on responsibility, long term prospects
Open space, good benefits including discounts
The people and training were excellent, and I learnt real skills. The pay was decent for a specialist and there were clear routes to advance through the store to more senior roles.
Very fun place to work, made and meet lots of good people there.
Plenty of opportunity to move around in your career, within departments and from one department to another.
Decent job with good benefits
Perks, Benefits, Name, Growth, Pros
The company has a lot of money so isn't overly budget-conscious. If you break/lose a company phone or laptop, it will be fixed/replaced out of the company's pocket. They spend a lot on catering for events.
Attractive pay and full benefits. Pleasant working experience and a guaranteed chance to be promoted and rise within the ranks
great team atmosphere, you can definitely meet some motivated and like minded people here. managers are supportive and look out for you. lots of hours. I made so much money during the holidays especially.
Working with the best in a friendly environment
Working in other corporations, this is the first I have experienced that truly has held themselves to small company values. Personally, I have had a large amount of talk of progression in a small amount of time. Our store has ample staff - however we also have a high guest count, so I can see where some stores may have issues on the other end. Management in this store are extremely transparent.
Great wages, great product discounts
Good pay, nice friendly people too
Great discounts, great colleagues, organised work environment.
Some of the co-workers and some benefits. OTT store meetings are sometimes fun.
Apple is a good company
Terrific benefits, consistent support for any challenges/goals and capable, like-minded colleagues. Systems are always reliable and the store is able to attract a close-knit community.
Great culture, lots of feedback and personal growth.
Some great people to work with. Good product Discount for yourself and friends and family. Heaps Of new toys. Great name to have on your CV.
Unbelievably passionate teams who genuinely care
It is a workplace that you will not get anywhere else. Met many great people from different culture. Working Culture is always helping everyone to be successful. This is rare to be seen anywhere else. You will be thrown to a situation, and trying to make sure everything fall into place in time.
The atmosphere at Apple is fantastic in terms of your colleagues and team. They are selected well and a great sense of camaraderie. If you work hard and succeed, and your managers and colleagues like you, you will do well. Generally most people are forward thinking and open minded. The benefits and perks are fantastic for a retail job especially, probably the best thing about working there. Always encouraging to do well and learn more whether you want to stay with the company or not. Gifts given often, sometimes only small ones, but nice incentives. Constantly informed about the company's values and ideas for the future. Great discount scheme especially if you love buying the products. Great holiday and extra days off every year. Opportunities for career experiences although sometimes difficult to be part of. Most higher managers very pleasant. Would say working part time definitely helps with work/life balance. Everybody welcome.
Awesome benefits Great management Great experience
working in some incredible things. Good perks.
Lots of amazing products, leading industry, innovative, great team of people with amazing ideas, central office location, decent market rate salary
Nice and clean and comfortable
good pay , friendly co-workers
Working at Apple Canada was simply amazing. The training and support system (coaching and mentorship) was second to none with several opportunities of growth across the board! Despite retail hours, they are quite flexible and understanding with individual scheduling and day off requests.
Great medical benefits Gym Healthy food Beer bash Pretty good salary
Great People, Great Management, Great Benefits, Work-Life Balance
Overall not as bad as its reputation. Good company benefits, including 500 USD rebate on an Apple product of your choice after 6 months, work from home options, gym, etc.
Outstanding support for Learning and Development
Good place to work.the latest technologies, variaty of tasks
Dynamic company, innovative, although it is a big one. New and cool ideas propagate fast and do get implemented
People. The people you meet are great.
- talented staff, amazing product
fun, exciting, different, challenging, fast
a nice discount but meh
fun, friendly staff, lots of opportunities to learn
Healthcare, Dental, Pay, Work load
I spent 3 years working for Apple Retail Stores.  Well developed systems ensure that timetable management, benefits readily applicable on maintained portals  Apple attracts some extremely clever, talented colleagues who are fantastic to work with.  Apple makes a point of paying your for any time you are there. This was appreciate in so far that I'm aware that wage theft by employers is prolific, and time theft even more so. Apple encourages a work-life balance where possible.  Apple product benefits where applicable (though limited in discount considering mark-up)
Great salary, work from home
Great place to build competencies for personal and professional development You meet some really great people (customers and employees) You take charge of your own experience
Amazing People, Great Work Excellent Experiences
Good food nice crazy Very fun great people
- Great people - Great benefits - Genuine care to develop you professionally
Lot of benefits: Gym, language courses and a lot of Career Experience possibilities
training every day/ week. get to handle new products stocks benefits
Great environment, coworkers, helping customers can be fun
Great products and a professional company that treats it's employees very well (with private healthcare, share options etc).
Great benefits Fantastic team Flexible holiday
Mon-Fri work constant 8-4.30 shift, or 9-5.30 Good benefits (discounts) Good Work Equipment Games and Competitions to brighter the week (sometimes food, too) Good options of food in the canteen Onsite Gym or Fitness Reimbursement for people working from home
Salary is interesting Possibility to earn a lot of money with overtime Work at home Working machine and software are really good Good Management Discount and benefit
Awesome compagny to work for with amazing team spirit. I started at the Apple Care and moved to the Apple store. Working on chat support was even more enjoyable than on the phone because angry customers won't really yell at you. You can be very busy from time to time but it.s only for short period of time. I had fantastic coworkers who became great friends.
The reason why people want to work here because, they let people to grow for really who they are. They not treat there employees like other person, but they treat each other like a family.
Nice work life balance. Hardly any stress.
You will learn a lot at Apple !
-Great people to work with -Great benefits -Lots of growth potential -Managment cares a lot about your success
Benefits ( health insurance , salary, doctors on site ...)
Good Company culture, all managers were friendly.
Fun, vibrant environment with great benefits. Salary is fair as per market standards. Training is by far some of the best within the retail world
People are great, pay is great, work is relatively easy (If you love tech like i do). Great discount on products.
Exciting industry and company to work for. Great extended health benefits including discounts on hardware.
nothing to be good for anything
Awesome team, great atmosphere, understanding managers, plenty of benefits, fun environment. The best retail experience you could possibly have.
good health insurances good enviroment good job goody
Innovative, amazing products & teams to work with, trusted brand
Great place to intern and get experience
Culture, development, lots of genuinely good people trying to do good work.
Good work culture Amazing people to work with Easy access to products
Staff discount Occasional stuff being sent to you as bribery
Good benefits such as dental and vision, nice stores
Fun team, damn flexible working hours, excellent opportunities on career path
Great enviorment, benefits, challenges, culture
Great benefits and work organisation.
Great environment to work in.
Do not have overtime. Sometimes it is not busy except weekends. Have good discounts on apple products. Can meet interesting colleagues.
a really nice team and meet many interesting people.
Incredible employees I loved sharing the new technology and my skills with staff and customers.
Brilliant training programme - supported every step of the way with experienced people around you - someone in the store will always know the answer
Family environment, peer to peer support, always available for continuous feedback
great benefits, good pay, generally good team, people look out for each other
- Internet allowance $100 per month and $2.500 health plan - Working from home, so you can work anywhere if it's quiet and has good internet - 25% discount on Apple products and other discounts from the Apple Online Store - Get extra days off on top of annual leave for Christmas and Thanksgiving holidays
great place, great atmosphere, great culture
leaders are supportive and kind
It's Apple. There are some truly wonderful and talented people in this department and this company, however it is overshadowed by self interest and self promotion to the detriment of the business as a whole.
I have many pros from my time here. I enjoyed my time
Great benefits, amazing culture. Very good environment. Great challenges. A support network mixed with high quality co-workers, great focus on projects. Open door policies on most management.
Apple, collectively, is full of passionate, smart, and driven individuals. People hold themselves to high standards and great attention to details. Everyone wants to do what's best for our customers.
-Good culture of education and training. You will learn a lot about technology. -Great benefits (Lots of vacation days, stock @ 15% discount, full health + dental, pension, etc.) -Good pay for a retail job. -Decent work/life balance (rotating days off and start times, expect to work every weekend) -Culture of feedback. -Some chances for advancement. -Exciting workplace that is mostly fun. -Most people you work with are easy going, artistic, and committed to doing a good job. -Part time employees hard full benefits
work at home is great
Great management Room to develop personal projects Good salary Many benefits - dentist included 7% matching on pension Challenging environment
Health insurance, dental plan, gym reimbursement, life insurance, discount on apple products Helpful colleagues
Good benefits, free gym, good office facilities, great discounts for Apple products
Good compensation for retail, strong company values for environment and community, fun products and fair amount of training. Easy to move with Apple in terms of transfers to other locations.
Helpful people and training received isn't too long so you'll have to go into the deep end and do your best
- Challenging and dynamic, innovative - Opportunity to voice out your opinions and possibly have them fulfilled /implemented - Good opportunities for promotion - Provides gym, wellness centre at highly subsidised rates - Own Mac cafe with healthy food - Open and flexible culture - Inclusive and diversified environment with people from various countries and culture
- great team - great benefits - flexible work areas and duties
* great benefits * great management * challenging role * never a dull day
- Fun people - Large and dynamic work space - Good perks - Interesting customers
Great corporate benefits to take care of you for the long term as a career. Highly knowledgeable team members
Benefits package, great pay. Always a positive, warm team environment and lots of people helping each other in chat. Room to progress.
Great company to work for. As a part time position, they make the position very very flexible. Would highly recommend.
Some very smart people When you get a chance its very real RSU's
Great pay if you're Studying as a Student.
Good coworkers and good working hours
Plenty of opportunity to learn
- The people you work with are without a doubt the most incredible, passionate, interesting, talented, intelligent people you will work with in your life. - The company has an amazing philosophy in regards to its effect on the environment, it's passionate towards individuality, and has a desire to make the work a better place. - Working here will open doors throughout your career, both within and outside of Apple. People are always interested when they hear you work for Apple. - Busy environment - there was never a day spent waiting for things to happen. This made the days go quickly and I went home knowing that I had achieved something that day. - Employees are looked after well, with fitness and health reimbursements, good discount, and personal support for any issues faces within life. - During busy periods i.e. launches and holiday seasons, you are kept motivated and looked after by the leadership team. - The opportunity to try out new roles both within retail and corporate. - Excellent environment for open communication and feedback. - The ability to develop yourself is phenomenal here, particularly for students and graduates.
Great place to work, benefits and work life balance excellent. Support from good managers with right engagement and career direction
Apple is a worldwide company, provide high lever value and culture.and kinds of benefits.
High salaries in relation to others tech companies
Great work culture, great products and flexible scheduling
nice environment, casual dress code
Great atmosphere to work in, diverse people.
Good company. Learn much more than expected although we are already experienced
Great tools, infrastructure, offices, work environment Strong training courses Good work - life balance
bonus flexi support happy love
1. Work life balance
Great people focused culture, inspiring company with constant change and innovation keeping you busy and engaged at all times. World-class leadership structures enable teams to be nurtured and developed continually.
Free food often A first look at some of the worlds best products
Creatively driven and friendly people, plenty of time to do your best work. Good budgets available to carry out best work.
Gym, Cafe Macs, free goodies, benefits!!!
Apple genuinely is a fantastic company to work for, there are plenty of benefits and the general ethos and vibe of the workplace is amazing. They really believe in a work/life balance which makes for a less stressful life
Great Company with a huge focus on work life balance. Team individuals a awesome and the spirit is very cool. Never learned so much-Great place to work
good perks and practices with customers
working with apple, exposure received
Culture focused Lots of growth exciting technologies
Talented individuals. Amazing leadership team. Great company to have on your CV. Top notch benefits. Feeling that you're part of something big that changes people's life.
Great company Great introduction to the technology industry
Dedication. Great products. Open office and great culture. Family friendly
An energetic, passionate, enthusiastic and diverse group of people to work with, if making a tangible difference in customers' lives wasn't enough.
Great ethos, fantastic co-workers. Love the environment and challenges the job brings. The job is focussed around you and your customers, exactly how retail should be. Done _right_! Can't wait to get to work...seems strange to say...!!!
really great welcoming and inspiring
Good benefits, plentiful opportunities for exploring other job areas within the company
Very flexible and understanding company to work for, the working environment is like no other and there is always room for improvement
intresting &my dreams on iam working in apple
-good wage for retail -work with a lot of nice energetic people -great perks and benefits -sometimes you have really nice interactions with customers
Culture and values based company. Great Benefits
Products, people, attention to details, always striving for excellence. Diverse culture, opportunity to work with top management, even if you are an analyst.
10/10 company, couldn't imagine working anywhere else.
Amazing colleagues Great Benefits Good pay for what you are doing Most diverse and accepting environment to be who you want to be Very strong company ethics
Competitive salary, smart but honest coworkers. It was a great company to do your life's best work.
Multi-national company culture and standardised business routine .
Pay is very good, and gets increased after 6 month tenure. Benefits in Kind are substantial i.e. discounts Work can be rewarding, and there are always incentives to improve your work
Good perks, high expectations & opportunities to grow. Excellent products and company values. Great place to work for your resume.
Apple is a business full of top talented individuals, hired for their experience and knowledge of their specific field of expertise.
Best company to work for. Everyday is as exciting as the first day.
Your colleagues will quickly become your friends. The company focuses on doing what is right for the customer.
There is a good health covers with doctor with specific speciality in Hollyhill, sport center with a lot of equipment. The salary is good when you compare it to some other firm like Voxpro
work from home - no commute - decent pay
Lots, Good culture, Good environment and a great work life balance, work hard, not much play time though
The people you work with, benefits.
Amazing benefits Great team Amazing store A lot of training Useful skills taught Amazing Job to have on CV
free style,. work life balance
A great learning environment, lots of benefits, even for part-time team members. Plenty of room for growth in the store.
Great people, flexible management and scheduling, decent pay for retail.
Cheap Apple products , working from home, no work commute save on transportation costs due to no commuting to work , I can't think of anything else positive
Good pay, fast-paced environment, great training. Working from home is great.
Fun atmosphere Learn a lot Paid overtime
Salary and discounts are great. They are flexible with work hours, especially around exam time so you never need to worry about that. The support system is also very good.
Good company to work and good salary
employees respect each others, various events
Cool staff! Rad people. (Some of them management, even)  You get okay medical benefits. And can buy stocks on the cheap.
Salary and discounts are great. They are flexible with work hours, especially around exam time so you never need to worry about that. The support system is also very good.
- Brilliant company - good life-work balance - Excellent offices
- Great place to work in terms of benefits and the office itself
Cool people and work place
Good discount on products and share
Apple is a good company to work for, you will have lots of benefits, such as health, gym and education reimbursement.
I love working with new people and sharing new ideas and learning new things
A company that truly tries to develop its employees with constant training. They really care about the product, the employees, and the customer.
Great HR policies & great company to work with
Great ethos, career progression & benefits
I like apple support and their customer support. It's really a company. Working is like you got experience but its hard. Let me say if you work there you can fix any where
Looks good on a resume. Decent people. Discounts are nice.
Great place to work. Managers are supportive and people are great Lots of learning opportunities if you seek for them.
great work environment, managers are more like mentors to guide you not their to help you.
Good grad scheme and cultur
Great benefits as soon as you start.
Lots of areas for development, supportive management across all stall managers Staff discount and perks Casual dress code
No pressure to do anything really, even calling in sick was a breeze
Job provides great benefits, pay and does not require much employment history. Manage is very passionate about supporting their employess How happy you are while working is completely up to you
Incentive and benefits for working overtime. Good benefits generally with health care and dental. Treats sent out every so often to boost morale.
Great benefits, good salary, challenging work, surrounded by talented people
True support from leadership. You are actually empowered to make decisions and don't feel like you're being micro managed.
Amazing benefits for employees, full health and dental plans, great stock options, discounts on hundreds of products and services. Apple encourages you to pursue hobbies and interests and will even contribute towards any classes or memberships (including gym memberships). Discounts on their products too is also a great benefit.
great work environment, managers are more like mentors to guide you not their to instruct you
team members, medical, pay, work life balance
Apple Retail is one of best environments to meet incredible people and to enhance interpersonal skills. It is also highly regarded by everyone, regardless of the industry.
You work for a fantastic company Benefits are good You can create beautiful relationships with customers and colleagues Many possibilities to improve yourself Good managers really help you to grow
-Pay - One of the best benefits packages - Ability to work from home - Good people to work with - They are proactive in promoting - Always help on hand in dealing with awkward customers (very supportive)
- best people you could ever meet - really caring management team - great benefits and discounts
Best people in the world to work with, ample opportunity for growth and progression, great culture.
Good benefit Competitive salary Good working environment
Benefits and pay are good
Good salary, good people & fun office environment. I really enjoyed my time here working with everyone.
you are on your own
Fun and interesting people to work with Easy to earn overtime Flexible hours
Large company and nice work environment
Everything is amazing, benefits, salaries, workload and people
When it comes to retail, this really is the best it gets when it comes to benefits (including healthcare, dentalcare, eyewear and even fitness.
good for people with limited job experience nice benefits - staff discount, health insurance, life insurance
Best retail job you can get
Awesome community to work in, super flexible with scheduling. Tons of benefits, and you get to chat with different people about awesome products!
The people that you work with are the best. The corporate culture fosters great relationships. Extra benefits are second to non in retail.
Salary is paid before end of the month.
Great culture, environment and people.
Very flexible. Amazing benefits even for part timers
Good people who sharre similar interests.
Great company - culture is energetic, people share their knowledge to one another, everyone helps you when you need assistance, and management cares about your goal setting
- Very smart and motivated co-workers - Products are very well-known - Looks good on a resume - Institutional prioritization of quality - Most of the cultural issues large corporations suffer from are not as severe
Great health and dental benefits including reimbursed fitness and maternity top up. Highly motivated team members and a culture of shared sucesss. Unique career experiences from training to user acceptance testing.
Working from Home, advancement opportunities
Food is very good and
Working for Apple has been a privilege. It's such a different company to work for.
great stuff, nice people,and friednly customer
Grat team, supportive management, good follow up by mentors
Great environment to work with. Benefits is good. Positive influence from peers and good vacation time. Strong knowledge and skill training sessions.
Great company, good working environment and good benefits. Got chance to meet people from all over the world. Good for fresh graduates too.
Chat support (no incoming phone calls), opportunities to contribute to quality projects, use of SAP system software, relatively good working hours (they changed however around the time I left)
Great benefits, good pay,
it is good. place to working for freshers.they encourage the freshers nad help to learn the new technologies
It's a place where you feel at home since day one. Great benefits for you and your family.
-Great discounts on everything to do with apple -Friendly and great support teams -Life long friends are made
Good atmosphere at work, multicultural and young people
Good environment for learning in tech
Great customer focus, Good Career progression
Salary, Exposure, Buyer Power, Aggressive culture
Great work ethic Working environment is great Loads of discounts Great benefits (therapy, vision care etc)
- Fast paced but relaxed work environment - Strong emphasis on 'Employee Wellness' therefore a lot of perks e.g. subsidised cafeteria, on-site gym, doctor
famous brand and quite nice welfare. nothing else.famous brand and quite nice welfare.famous brand and quite nice welfare.famous brand and quite nice welfare
Relaxed environment. Lots of benefits Good training and personal development Career experiences
The discounts on products were good The friends you make along the way
Apple cares deeply about its employees and their work experience. Apple products are amazing and easy to sell due to its high quality and durability
I worked with a great team and customers also, they were interesting people all round so when busy it was a satisfying day. Flexible on work hours.
Amazing benefits and salary for customer retail position
job security wages are ok the system makes you write 5 pros the system makes you write 5 pros the system makes you write 5 pros
its big company all over the world
Just a good salary and accomodations also.
Great benefits Work from home Good pay Room to move up in the company
challenges come everyday, tight deadline, working with many partners all over the world, business trips at 5 star hotel, chance of working with top managers
work attitude, transparancy, feeling treated equally, possibility to progress, benefits
It's a very easy job and the people are great to work with. Get to know a lot of cool things
Freedom Day goes quickly Meet interesting people Always busy Great staff
Great HR team, they adapt to your own person very quickly and are very considerate in regards to help when you need it.  Acknowledgement for achievements is second to none.
People, places, products, learning, and everything related to retail stores it is very satisfing to the world to get a new one
The people Benefits are really good
Open Culture and people around are nice Good work life balance
Its great to work here
Good perks. (canteen, gym, onsite dental/doctor, employee discount)
Learn a lot about retail in 2 years program. Get to know amazing people, being highly valued at store. Get enough training, and a good way to practice leadership for young graduate.
Great ongoing development, career progression and environment. Health and dental benefits, including for parter.
Positive and challenging environment
Very good company! One of the top!
- Good benefits - Great work colleges - Strong work ethics and morals
Benefits and perk are great: Gym, doctor, dentist... all on site !
Fantastic place to work. Opportunities are there if you enquire and desire. Great benefits. Generally colleagues are nice and friendly and willing to help
Working at Apple is a challenging job. Nice benefits but sadly below average wages. The benefits can make up for it depending on your situation. All in all I enjoyed working for them.
No weekend shifts Salary is okay but compared to Tier2 a joke If you consider the high responsibility you have and the pressure you need to cope. Its based in the city centre.
They have a great culture amongst the store team members.
Good culture good people nice atmosphere
Good friends and environment. Friendly customers usually and management usually fixed issue quickly regarding customer complaints
Great benefits, salary, awespome people
The talented people. Benefits. Lively environment. You can pick a career path and push for what you want.
Many nice colleagues. Generally good standards.
no over time work for specialist
Great company and benefits overall
Good job good ambiance nothing much to say
Many good benefits, many creative people that you can bounce an idea from. Constant exciting projects and announcements. Great feedback system that (almost) works.
- Good benefits package extended to all employees not just full-time - Hourly pay is good (for a retail job)
Pay, hours especially during holiday season, the team environment. Tenure counts for something, unlike other places they actually care about you and your progression as a person and employee
All good things to describe
Best Company in The World
creative environment, opportunities for hard workers
Large company with plenty of experience to gain in a variety of areas related to IT/Sales and decent pay for retail.
Very good company enjoyed my time at Apple. Extremely high salary and a very fun job. Management is very friendly.
Personal Growth Good Salary Good management employee relations
Excellent place to work, great benefits, ran efficiently, excellent salary for retail
Good Benefits Good Pay for the easy work that is is Easy to move up in the company (I got from entry level to supervisor in one year)
Wonderful Co-Workers Decent Salary Benefits (Gym Membership Reimbursement / Study Reimbursement)
Excellente perspective de carrière et opportunités de se faire une place
environment to explore new things
Great perks in health care and the discounts in other areas a great to.
Good benefits including private health care, dental, eye care, discounts and gym membership. Apple respects your work/life balance meaning you don't take work home with you.
Good Company if u follow the Guide, do not think outside the box and you can have a good and quick Career, if you think outside the box, thinks getting SLOW. A good Manager is what you need there, and lucky I had one.
Very good pay and benefits package
benefits, people, good pay for what you do
Very good energy,and all your colleagues will be great people, interesting and creative, the management is very open and easy going
Very good energy All your colleagues will be great people, interesting and creative The management is very open and easy going
- Good benefits - Good rates of pay - Lovely team members - Apple always looks good on CV
Great Pay, friendly environment, enjoyable work
I spent 4.5 years at Apple retail. The company itself offers amazing benefits (really comprehensive healthcare, generous holiday etc). There is opportunity to progress into management, if you really want to!
Well nothing much to say , basically everything about this job .
Fun, cool people, decent pay
Nice ,friendly environment -good experience
Great place to continue developing if you were already using their professional softwares & devices.
free gym/ dental/medical insurance and good discount
Siblins are not considered family and conpany does not consider them as such in their policies.
Good management and good atmosphere
Good company to have on resume Good benefits, health etc, like most large companies
Team, colleagues, training, product, discounts
Very Good environment to work in.
- Management support your decisions. - Company offers share options at a retail job level. - Best place to work to develop better interpersonal skills.
-Great managers -Stock purchase plan -Company nights out
great people to work with, they do hire very talented, amazing people, so it is enjoyable to work there
Good people and a lot of fun
They have very few pros, if any i think none
Good discount, friendly employees, great environment.
Some talented team members, Interesting customers, Great customer service interactions, Amazing technology, Beautiful and ergonomic work place, Clean bathrooms and break room.
A great place to gain experience in a broad range of areas. Personal development and learning is really encouraged. A culture of feedback is encouraged. You work with amazing and friendly people.
- fair pay - good work-life balance - many benefits
Authority in decision making Flexible shifts Great Management Team spirit Target driven
Colleagues and great structure as well as an overall well run business.
Great culture and hiring and on boarding experience for employees
Challenging and fun environment. Great welfare
Ppl you work with, and customers you meet
Working at Apple is overall pretty great. You speak with curious customers who come into the store with wonder. You have plenty of coworkers so it's fairly easy to switch shifts and make friends.
Excellent company with great morals
Working in an Apple Store is all about team work. We are not that interested in selling, but 100% committed to people. Managers are very supportive, guiding you on how to improve your results. This position has clear metrics and the feedback from managers is very specific.
environment good like it ............
Fanatatsic benefits,very good discounts,great team. Good to have Apple in your CV for future career.
Fun and challenging work, with great customer service ethos, a lot of freedom to develop into the best version of you. Incredible benefits package, discounts, career development info, health development info and wonderful and varied co-workers. You get to work with some great equipment, feel part of something bigger than yourself and best of all, see how your work can impact the community around you.  In terms of the business side of things, their model is unlike any other business team out there, no cold calls, no hard-sells and mostly smooth sales processes which you manage from start to finish. The likelihood of you bumping into a senior figure within the company hierarchy is incredible no matter what job-role you start at and can put into perspective why the company is as successful as it is.
Apple is a brilliant company and benefits are fantastic.
- Dynamic, intriguing peers who will push you to become better.
-Good enterprise culture -Fancy products -Various rotations that help you learn about retail industry -Relatively good employee welfare package -Just for fun
Good salary, great benefits, a chance to invest in the company for less than what it actualy cost, you learn a lot about the passion within the company and also Apple is not afraid to invest in theor employees.
Good working environment, great colleagues, decent pay for retail, develop great communication skills. Great discounts and healthcare benefits. Casual clothing makes working comfortable! A lot of time given for self development!
Flexible scheduling and great benefits
Salary and Benefits. Location a good company to have in your CV
nice people, good environment
Good perks , excellent health package, option to buy stocks at a discount. Great discounts on items. Opportunities to grow.
Great people, great benefits, amazing stores to work in. The best products in the world surrounded by people who love to learn.
Excellent school good working environment
- Good benefits - Reputable company - Meet many amazing people
Great benefits, community and family feel across all retail, fun, ability to enjoy your day with other colleagues. Good pay, good discount,
Amazing! Great fun working there!
Great environment to develop leadership in a fast paced retail environment. Awesome benefits, decent salary, prestige. Very friendly work environment and a healthy open-feedback culture.
Friendly people career development plan
Relaxed great colleagues Benefits Don't take your work home with you, You
fun environment, great staff, good pay, discount
High pay for retail Good treatment of employees (breaks, benefits, flexibility) Good discount
Amazing company with amazing people
Most of the people you work with are amazing. They are what keeps you sane through the ups and downs. The benefits are also nice. (Stock options, health care etc..)
good culture, easy going, generally caring leadership
You really work with the most passionate and interesting people
A lot of autonomy, great benefits, and amazing products
You got the chance to meet some of the smartest people, from great education or consulting firms, or decades of years of experience in the industry.  You can see the business impact that you deliver, which is always huge, and I personally found it the most rewarding.
WL balance is the best
Discount is pretty nice. Great people to surround with.
Lively, many friends to make
You will meet some of the most fun, interesting, overqualified and wonderful people. Your work day will be busy, but you will meet some interesting customers as well.
Great working environment Great management team Like a second family
Time flexibility, Good working Place, tee on your place
- great people to work with - managers listen - relaxed
Flexible, fun, engaging. What more can I say? Love working for such an influential company. And I love that they want me to have a life too!
Great learning, awesome team, pleasant open culture with employees, never a dull moment. You haven't done retail until you did Apple Retail!
You will meet some of the most fun, interesting, overqualified and wonderful people. Your work day will be busy, but you will meet some interesting customers as well.
-Positive Work Environment -People are awesome -Learn on the fly from colleagues, online apple portals, as well as learning from leaders constantly through conversations, repor building. -great customer excellence and focus on business acumen and principles
Salary greater than the market average Benefits Discounts Training and learning opportunities Challenging environment Opportunities to promote or move within the company
Excellent company perks, the company provides you with so many benefits. Decent pay for retail. Amazing and talented colleagues from all walks of life. Apple recruits well and it shows in the people they hire. The occasional interesting customer.
Fair Diverse Fulltime Good Incentive Save hours Expats Party Overtime Paid Multiple Roles Cannot tell more as it is kind of unwanted and secret but good place to work where you can get somewhere.
Take care of their people
Apple is a great company to work with
You get global view of how things work at such a big MNC
Great company culture, dynamic and simple, Apple encourage work-life balance, and offer great benefit overall, they establish their own gym centre in campus, and its 24 hour open. i love Apple very very much.
Fantastic colleagues, highly skills, experienced and most importantly passionate You get help easily by asking around, and globally
Stimulating environment, great talented people, amazing products
Dress down benefit. Great food at the Mac Cafe.
Flexible, prestigious, convenient, interesting, fun colleagues and good perks such as significant discounts and gym membership. Managers could be a little strict at times with regard to time-keeping. Lots of time off for exams
Great variety of colleagues from all over the world Great discount on products Positive atmosphere, office itself was modern and facilities were excellent with on site gym, fantastic canteen.
Great company culture, good salary package, friendly working environment
Make that in flow, ya know? Good work/life balance. Nice people. Good food. You live in California.
- Work life super balance. - Huge opportunity to growth your own career at here - Great on job training
Great culture in the company with flat hierarchy. Strong focus on employee relations and customer satisfaction.
everyday theres something new staff are real friendly good incentives
Great team environment. Excellent structure and support from management. Great benefits for all staff
I worked with amazing people while I was there and most managers are really good and genuinely care about your well-being. Good benefits and discounts
Top scale of the industry
Very good environment to work at. You get ton work with good people and management. Great for students or as a first job for younger people
Great work, benefits and people
they are a very good and caring team and have a strong focus on making customers happy and get what they want
Working with people who want you to do well and encourage personal development  Great employer discounts and benefits  Growth opportunities if you want them
It is a great opportunity to serve the a great company who is keeping delivery the great product, including great environmental contribution into the world.
Perks Managers Customer Service Innovative Company Brand
Great people, good discounts, fun if you're in uni
Pays well Good benefits and discounts Work with brilliant, talented, amazing people
A rewarding job with a very supportive environment. Gives you opportunities every day to learn and grow. Benefits are second to none.
Good growth graph and good environment to work in
Great company with really amazing and talented people, decent employee benefits show they care about their people, great corporate culture. Meaningful job.
You definitely get a "feel-good" approach from the team who you work with. They try hard to make you feel comfortable in your role.
Brand image is very good and international
Strong benefits, even for part time employees
Fast, Dynamic environment with excellent team atmosphere.
Great atmosphere and people. Advantageous Salaries
Awesome benefits. Development plans and stock options
The job is unlike any other retail role that i have done before. I am encouraged to grow and develop in the company and genuinely feel good going into work each day.
Environment is one where it is very easy to get on with everyone within your team. It is not hard to be interested in the products that you are selling as almost all of the products sold there (I felt) at least one great feature to show patrons. Despite personally not having retail experience elsewhere, I was told by my colleagues that it was one of the better chains to work for.
Great people, much nicer retail environment than most. All my colleagues were smart, passionate guys. Great systems and tech to handle business needs.
Great environment to work in! Amazing people and managers. The pay and benefits are great. I enjoyed going into work every day and helping people. Loved the product knowledge I got.
Slightly higher pay compare to competitors. Dental and optical well covered. Clinic expense well covered.
-Some of the best and smartest people -Very challenging work -Fast-paced and fluid company
Fantastic co-workers, Superb Benefits, Generous Salary
People are great to work with
Apple treats their employees very well. Very good benefits for even part time employees, good discounts, and managers care about their employees. Overall a good place to work.
Good brand and fast moving working environment so you never have time to get bored of what you are doing.
Free food, Environment, Leadership, Company Value, Culture,
good training, getting to work with incredibly smart people
The first economi Global indonesia just virusnya kill four our forwards AIDSalahuddin say
Great atmosphere and drive, great future for the company and looks great on your CV as well. 100% can recommend.
Inspirational leaders Great chance to learn all aspects of retail Work with exceptional people Premium products with good staff discount
Good employees Pays wells Benefits are great Meet a lot of interesting people
Pays well, good products, strong brand
Good name value. High salary and great benefits, Good working environment.
People & products are the key to Apple's success. Listen to your partners on the market trends especially on the competition.
Great benefits, brilliant management. Company seems to care about the staff, its customers and its place in the world. Excellent and exciting opportunities for employees to progress their career, and move into other areas both within store and outside of store. Best retail working experience I've had.
They make us feel like we're working at home, with lots of privileges
- great environment - great support depending on the managers you get - great discounts - great people, though can get somewhat high school & clique-ish.
It is a very good environment
Amazing company. A lot of amazing benefits and perks. Usually the teams you work with are very interactive and friendly.
Fun atmosphere Looked after well Great training
Great atmosphere where leadership (management) really cares about your development, so long as you put in the work for it
Good perks, health/dental insurance. Good training and discounts on apple products. Working from home is a good experience in the begininning
People are entrepreneurial and take the job as if their own business. People are crazy, yet cheerful and supportive amongst each other. Constantly looking for improvement opportunity, which justifies why Apple achieves it success nowadays. Great perks, huge discounts on wellness programme, food and stock options.
Great team, flexible hours, full interstate training provided, great discounts, a management team that listens and it new employers love seeing it on your resume
Having the brand name Apple in your resume helps you to get job interview for your next company.
I love the opportunity to work on products that affect millions of users all at once. I also really like Apple's philosophy of user privacy.
- You learn how to deal with challenging situations and develop exceptional positioning skills. - You are treated very well. - Flexible hours. - Great benefits.
Fantastic team. Such incredible talent within the company. Tons of opportunities to grow your skill set, lots of tailored and highly commendable training. Each role is well thought out, you feel very well looked after happy to work hard.
More than acceptable pay rate, Positive work environment, Positive feedback from management & peers, Opportunity for travel, Opportunity for internal growth, Opportunity for personal development
Well paid for a Retail in Spain, nothing compared to other stores. Also, great benefits and nice team to work with.
Very friendly culture, Apple make you feel like you are a true valued member of the team
Great company, great products and people
Good excellent place to work good people
Great perks. Great team spirit. Fair discounts. Nice city
Fun and exciting work environment
Personal Develop, Discount for all Apple Products, Share the same benefits as all Apple inc. employees
Work is verry easy,
People - the way that we recruit diverse and interesting people. Put them all together and it's just amazing - if only the rest of the world could follow suit as it's changed the way i think and interact with the world around me.
You really feel important part of the company since the beginning. Networking with other campus rep and Apple employees Educated to important set of skills
Great advantages and discounts. Safe learning environment and a great place to meet awesome people. Good diversity.
Great management team Amazing colleagues Lots of opportunity for growth National travel available Good social life
Autonomy is given to the employees
Nice People, Great Benefit, Often Events, surely Great place to work.
Great benefits such as dental and medical insurance. Excellent discounts and employee referral bonus. Nice treats sent out to at home employees to boost morale. Great managers and nice colleagues. Good overtime pay and incentives to work overtime- lots of prizes for working overtime during busy periods. Fair decisions made on shifts using shift bids- if you perform well you get a good shift. Lots of holiday time available. Good resources for staff to do their job well and working from home can be a pro for some.
-Good experience -Great people -Lots of growth opportunities
Money and extra benefits are really good
You can enjoy lots of Holidays and welfare obviously.
Great people Fantastic company ethos Very good benefits
Good Benefits, Healthcare, Dental etc. Reductions off Apple Products. Not having to leave home to go to work.
It is a great company. I loved what I did and the team was great at 2 out of the 3 stores I worked at. It is very customer-centric which is great and gives you the flexibility to do what you feel is best for the customer. I would go back to work for the company without hesitation.
Lots of room from growth and management support
Best job in the world, for some reason this is the company most valuable in the world
Apple being one of the most recognised and successful companies in the world means they are not short of a penny or two, and it shows. Their benefits are some of, if not the best in retail, from the standard Healthcare, free annual checkups, optical and dental coverage, seasonal ticket loan to partner benefits companies who offer lifestyle discounts (Perkz) to more luxury benefits like support for study in a course relevant to your position in the company.  You are very very well looked after and for product launches, peak trading season (Christmas) and other events the £ spent per head on employees for lunches and buffets is unheard of. Expenses are not spared, but you are expected to deliver. Then there's the discounts on products which always come in handy to soften the blow of the premium price tag of the latest tech.
Far better than average retail, but it is still retail! There are lots of opportunities to gain experience and improve your skills, you just have to be willing to work for them. Incredible benefits, with flexible working hours. Perfect for students.
Benefits, discounts, looked at highly by a bank
Highly competitive but good for retirement
Good private healthcare Great people - some of them The discounts are pretty good You get £500 towards Apple products every 3 years
great discounts,,,3 paid days every fall for no specific reason,,,,,great benefits...... paid parking
The training is good, and you get lots of benefits even as a low level employee (healthcare, pension, stocks, education package etc).
Its a #DreamComeTrue feeling to work with steve family. I was & I will always waiting for to bing a part of apple. I Believe that I see steps without obstacle. I found soul into my working ground.
Great place to work wit a very structured environment. Managers are approachable and your duties and expectations are always clear and easy to follow. The job is challenging, but ultimately rewarding. Great benefits and flexibility.
Very good place to work if you want to develop your career, hardworking and ,of course, technical
Easy uniform policy and really rewarding job
- Collaborative and laid back atmosphere - Good pay and benefits - Highly knowledgeable top management - Good career growth opportunities
People- diverse group of amazing people that become a major part of your life Products- if you like  then the products are awesome Managers- happy to help and support not grille and shout
Well, it's Apple. It's a status symbol to friends and family of course. Working from home is a plus. It's easy to support a product that is so amazing.
Benefits are really good and some time it can be very fun.. The team are good but not leadership
A lot of opportunities to grow
Co-workers Flexibility Great benefits and competitive salary
Benefits and perks, discounts, Great place to stay
Great culture. Great atmosphere. Good people. Good opportunity.
Great culture. Great atmosphere. Good opportunity.
Good office experience overall good
People are the main reason why Apple is as good as they are. Discount. All about the customer. Very good work vibe.
People managers friends products brand
great pay and no dress code
The co-workers are great The benefits are amazing You have great flexibility to change shifts internally. They will accommodate for your needs 90% of the time.
Lovely team to work with. Staff are very knowledgable and work together.
job is great overall. loving it
Good conditions and prospects and they have a union which helps keep the rules in the work place
Great place to work for as a stepping stone. Good Benefits
Good benefits, good location and office.
Amazing environment and colleagues.Nothing compares to Apple.
Autonomy Less micro management than iOS or Mac Technical Support lines Benefits
Great working environment and happy management
Casual attire, friendly staff and helpful
- Good benefits (compared to other companies) - Good salary - Nice office / canteen (if you're lucky enough to receive a place in the office) - Looks good on resume > great to start your career and then move on to a better place - International atmosphere: You meet great and interesting people from all over the world
Great teams, people, atmosphere, pay
- Fun place to work. - Benefits. - 3rd Party Discounts.
Discounted products, good medical benefits, Apple holidays
Great work environment to be in
Things are always changing, uniform, products, and people are very excited about coming into the store to check out what's new. Makes the job easy.
Time goes by fast on the job Great Benefits even for part-timers Usually have a great team to work with Becoming a family with your work-mates
- You learn a lot of things and you work with amazing people. - The office is nice, and offer free coffee.
Relaxed atmosphere, great colleagues, no pressure, safe job, good working hours, 1 short shift a week, easy going managers that have fun at work. You'll never get sacked for bad performance ( after probation)
Great work environment, all employees very nice and friendly. Friendly introduction to the company
Friendly colleagues and nice culture
Good money Life insurance Health insurance Stocks Gym reimbursement Pension plan Great discount Work from home Make lots of friends
Colleagues and management are very friendly. The atmosphere is helpful and encouraging. Lots of opportunity for progression if you work hard.
Great customers and products. Exceptional training. Great pay for being retail.
great corporate support and climate
Our relationship was very professional, they greatly repspected special working hours that I required.
good benefits, clear working hours, good oportunities to change positions within department
- Genuine co-workers - Understanding managers
Great product, very competitive salary
Free food. Lots of it.
Big brand in the industry, good pay and benefits including medical insurance, leaves and RSU. Casual dress and leisure working environment. Flexible working shift.
Smart people Direct Opportunity do things you could never do elsewhere
Very driven company that gets results
Cool work environment. Nice discounts to use yearly and a super nice one every three years. Engaging at times
money time coffe free gym free lunch
Lots of training before you're 'released' onto the floor. Supportive management and colleagues. Clear path to progression. Achievements celebrated and rewarded. Great discounts.
Salary. Job experience. But despite the long hours of hard work, many Apple employees seem to think the pros outweigh the cons.
Always lots to do and lots to learn. Fast-paced. Work with some of the smartest, most capable people around.
Very friendly opening so far. Really emphasizing on benefits
Great passion for the company by all staff Discount Fun atmosphere at times
Great benefits, flexible schedules, working with talented individuals
-Good benefits for full-time workers -Great co-workers -Fast paced environment, engaging
Looks good on a CV, good development opportunities, launches are good fun. Good pay for retail, staff discount is reasonable.
Good pay and benefits Feel like your part of something big (at times)
- A lot of great colleagues. - Good benefits and health insurance. - Decent salary - can get higher salary in other companies in Dublin and even Cork. - It is good for the CV, but that's about it.
Health, dental and optical insurance. Well planned integration of new employees. Adequate training and realistic expectations of new hires. Accessible and supportive managers, specialist and senior colleagues as well as more experienced colleagues at the same level. A real willingness to share knowledge and promote teamwork from everyone. Individual performance is monitored closely. It serves to advise how to improve performance where necessary and congratulate performance when due. Individual information is accessible to employees and can be compared to the team as a whole.
Working at home, or office anywhere available Good for a person with both high experienced technology and communication ability
Great people and products. Exciting to be a part of a successful company.
great people to work with for the most part. definitely some people who drank too much apple juice. Apple store is the easiest place to make a sale, people are begging you to take their money.
Great Products, great company values.
Great discounts, flexible working policies and inspiring culture.
The company is at the forefront of its industry. The talent in the company is really high and there is a lot of opportunities to expand your knowledge and get involved in projects. If you are willing to commit to it you can progress far.
Good benefits and perks.... Good name value of the top tier company
Very relaxed environment. Team likes to have fun and many great friendships and relationships formed. Genuinely care about one another. A lot of customers are also great and you have the ability to form great relationships with them as well. Company takes time to have a store download every morning to get team on same page. Discounts and benefits also pretty great!
- Good products - lots of opportunities to grow technically
Great people, great management, great support, so many opportunities, so many benefits.
Great for students looking for part time work. Awesome benefits and perks.
Salary Discounts Benefits Locations  If you are someone who is willing to spend all your time either working or socialising with the company and become very close to management then you will go very far and the opportunities are endless Re-modelled buildings Initial new hire training
I have been serving for almost 7 years within a realm of revolutionary high-end product firm. As a trainer and sales, I have mastered extensive skills in fulfilling customer’s needs in either service or technical issues. My passion is bringing the best experience to all stakeholders to enhance sales performances in parallel with maintaining brand loyalty. I am a person with supportive and considerate nature, embracing tireless commitment to help clients to achieve their goals. My colleagues found me a cheerful and loving person in both life and work with passion and energy.  My achievement that demonstrates leadership also includes leading toolkit Thailand to reduce working duplication. Also, my level of contributions is highly recognized as I've been selected as the Brand Ambassador of the Apple South Asia in 2013 in exchange program to Sydney and I have award to be ASC of the year in 2013. Moreover, I have a certification of Apple certified Support Professional and Apple Sales Training Online test.
friendly colleagues, nice working environment, friendly facilities, and very diversified background, as a fresh employee you can learn a lot in the apple company.
Great people/ benefits and environment
Meet a lot of people Fun Environment Discount is okay
Great staff Benefits are decent, especially staff discount Quite accommodating/flexible on personal situations e.g. if one employee is a single parent Quarterly work experience roles as supervisors etc.
Good compensation scheme, great offices
Good benefit that apple give to you overcall.
Handy working from home. Money is good. No traffic or petrol attending work. Health insurance and gym membership paid.
People are amazing to work with. benefits are amazing great work/life balance great discount
Comparably better compensation and technology leading company
Very rewarding work, great colleagues, a lot more advantages than equivalent jobs everywhere else. Solid compensation.
"Best leader's to work under,Best working environment,Best of class products,premium customers,good perks,incentives
Great benefits You can create a family feeling at the store and laugh a lot during the day You usually find supportive and understanding team mates when things get hectic Money is better than your average retail job Many rewarding days because of customer interaction or jokes with your work mates Working with a dynamic and large team makes it always interesting You can start to find your way around things and know who you can depend on and who you should simply avoid for a peace of mind (since there are so many people)
Very inclusive, employ great people so you get to work with a bunch of happy, positive, outgoing people.
Apple only hires the best. It's great to work with an amazing team of people who treat each other with mutual respect and a whole lot of love. Management is very flexible and accommodating. It's a healthy happy place and I love it.
Good talent retention plan Great future ahead and solid financial position Offers opportunities to move from one area to another due to the constant need of people to occupy position in different areas
Apple university training is good, especially when they train you to keep asking questions or bring your ideas up and get knocked down. You never know that one day that no becomes a yes.
You can be yourself, and pursue your passions. The creative team is a tight team and will look out for you. there are bonuses of £80-90 every other month. Also we get given 2000-3000 GBP of Apple stock each year.
Some of the nicest people I have ever met. Only disliked one person in 5 years. Great benefits, chilled atmosphere and excellent products which sell themselves!
Amazingly creative team Great products Good benefits
Great pay and benefits. Great colleagues (Excluding management)
good, wonderful, high salary, creative
Generally good management, depending on store. Good benefits and feel like the company genuinely cares for you.
- Great benefits such as free gym membership, discounts within apple and outside, discounted stock - Great team to work with - Fun environment - Reasonable work-life balance
- flexible schedule - well paid - benefits - good training - cool coworkers - great to work for students or part-time - good place to work IF you don't get too involved
- good salary - nice working environment - flat hierarchy - many additional events after work such as beer bash - huge discounts on apple products
Great staff. good benefits for a retail job
Proactive management, great benefits. Team atmosphere, good discounts on products. Training is really good. Would def recommend if trying to get into tech space. Genuine promotion opportunities.
Apple Benefits is so attractive and working environment is also nice.
Amazing Atmosphere and work environment
- Excellent Salary.& Benefits - Benefits incl Health insurance, ( vision-dental incl ) - Pension - Sick pay - Stock purchase program - Discounts for Employees, Friends & Family - Excellent Management & Opportunities
Benefits are great Work life balance is great Unique role ( working from home ) is great
great team, awesome products and events
flexible hours, good perks, good team, a lot of useful knowledge about Apple products.
Good perks, status, working environment, pantry
Apple has been the best company I have worked so far. Very structured and with a long vision in mind. Benefits are good. Career development well in place and working. You are surrendered by talented people and you can learn a lot even if you are already a senior background.
Flexible. Good training. Good people.
Good benefits. Fun colleagues. Great opportunities.
Great opprtunities to grow up in the company.
Great PTO policy Great management Skilled and passionate co-workers
Learn a lot, grow a lot. Meet great people, have good working environment. Be have the first-hand information of Apple products.
Great people to work with
Recognisable company so as soon as you get hired at Apple you become employable anywhere else in the industry. It's a great company if you are a fan.
It's a great place to work
-Amazing benefits, considering it is a retail job - even for part timers.  -Great culture - opportunities to meet often with a coach, talk about goals and grow  -Cheesy as it sounds, the aesthetic of working at the store is great - love working around great looking tech!
I have an extensive experience in advertising and marketing having worked in international advertising agencies in Australia, Japan, France and UAE. I speak English and French and a native Arabic speaker. I have worked on creating brands and maintaining high status brand images all over the world.
Great international environment. Great discounts if you are an Apple fan. Sub-sided canteen. (Still have to pay for everything such drinks or food) Great gym installations. Pension Scheme. Stock options.
-Great training in order to learn how to effectively communicate to others -Peers are great to work with -Launches are always fun
great salary and development opportunities
people, benefits, hours and support
Meeting nice customers who are grateful for your help and assistance, good team of workers around you.
rebates on apple products %
amazing team to work with and great support from management. ability to focus on different interests and pursue them in the retail environment
Collaborative and fun working environment. There is a constant desire for feedback and growth from everyone in the store. Met a lot of people who were passionate and genuinely happy with what they do. Encouraged specialists to take initiative and make their own decisions.
Really fun working at Apple as part time. - Exciting learning about new products/updates - Work with different people in a big environment
Great company, good people, amazing benefits.
Great pay, lots of benefits, amazing people to work with. Could not have asked for a better part time job during my studies.
Decent management and ethos, some nice discounts.
It was great having internet and phone subsidized for me. Also, Apple ships you out the equipment that you use to troubleshoot their products, unlike prior help desk support positions I have held. The training is excellent and the people that work their are talented and friendly.
Superb benefits, tech support data base for advisors is top class, good support from management
It's Apple! World class training with great peers. Drive innovation across all of organisation. Great benefits. Access to great opportunities.
Great salary Great environment Wonderful co-workers Love helping the customer base
Gym membership, healthcare for all dependants, good opportunity for growth and salary scale
Fun culture, you learn a lot while you re there and you meet really nice people. The way in which the hierarchy is formed allows you to communicate well with management and have a good relationship
Excellent salary, interesting work and great people. Not much micromanaging.
- Fair pay - Good people - Challenging - Strong culture
It offers a very dynamic working environment, highly efficient. Feel free to speak up and share your thoughts, even at a management level meeting. No fixed procedure for everything, your talent is appreciated and use it to define procedure case by case.
Great brand that made the job of selling the products and services generally very easy. The team was high-achieving and the dedication to doing good work was always there.
Great team, lots of benefits
Great colleagues, amazing knowledge, satisfying work.
The company offers the best benefits of the market. amazing canteen, onsite services including GP and Dentist, Gym.. etc The salaries are also higher than the average for the same roles
Pretty good discounts on products
Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people, literally. It's a lot of pressure , but people are nice and self-motivated.
Culture, diversity, company who really believes in what they stand for.
This company offer great perks, you'll be surrounded by many great talents. They have new shiny office in CBD location and they offer competitive salary.
Food is good. Good staff discount.
Great learning points throughout the job. Yound and dynamic team which helps each other out by any issue. After all great company to work with.
Great inclusive culture, lots of fantastic benefits and a great team. I enjoyed working thoroughly at Apple, they were flexible with shifts and great discounts too.
Working with the most valuable company in the fastest developing market is like a roller coaster ride - you would experience crisis that might never happen to any other business, and you would learn a lot from such experience. It also opens many doors for future career plans.
Great atmosphere, multinational company. Overtime is paid.
good job with great training
Flexible timing, work from home, government kind of jobs
Friendly staff, training provided, good wages
long leaves, great benefits, great people, etc
great carrier opportunities, always supportive and constant mentoring, everyone is nice, kind and friendly. Everyone tries to help each other out
Talented colleagues, great discounts, stable employment
Great Company to work with
Amazing people to work with. Great salaries. They give employees great benefits too like healthcare and dental. There's also company stocks if you're more senior
Very good salary package, good platform to learn new technology
Good staff discount. Busy environment. Group events.
Make more people in California and give a head start for us vias allication, which is benificial for international student
1. Very potent and challenging environment to work with world class people to deliver best-in-glass product in the world. 2. Great culture.
Good opportunity. Excellent training. Fun staff.
Decent pay, good benefits, lots to learn, and people are nice.
Good benefits, nice people and great environment to work in. You don't need to know anything about apple because they teach you well
Apple has strong culture, good working environment but also tough. Engineering is the first priority.
Great pay and benefits. Fun environment and talented coworkers.
It's good to get a gist of how Apple works
Discounts, teamwork, people. It's a great place to work if you're a people person. The benefits are nice and sometimes you get product access early.
Employee discounted share purchase and restricted stock. Employee purchase scheme, employee benefits inclusive of medical, optical, health screening and dental.
Learn a lot of stuff that help in life
I have learned a great deal from the consistently difficult interactions that happen in the store day to day. Their are great opportunities to learn and grow for other positions both within Apple, and outside the company in other areas of interest. Transparency is an important part of the culture, and innovation is encouraged. I am very grateful to be on a team that is deeply committed to growth and forward momentum, and is consistently present to handle the reality of each individual store's business and resource needs. The company is obviously quite well off so we always have what we need to get the job done, and to get it done well. It is also very exciting to be on the cutting edge of new business related systems, and to learn about the various ways to use Apple products in a meaningful and productive way.
pretty good pay and flexible working hours, woking with some genuinely really nice people who care for their work
Benefits Colleagues Good locations Store environment Buzz of product launches
it is good company to work in
Discount are great, un to 25% off products
Company culture was fun, innovative and social! Good skill set building! You work with very creative and talented individuals!
- Awesome benefits. - Beautiful office space. - Challenges you. - Pays well.
Learning communication skills and technical skills. Stock options are good and good some good opportunities for travel if you can get selected.
Flexible Working Hours and Good Salary
Working on problems which affect millions of users. Enormous scale and resources available.
Work with clever people. Great food. Good on site facilities, gym, basketball court, cafe, ice cream, coffee, outdoor seating area.
- Nice work environment - Open company culture - Talent employees - Well organised Leadership - Learn and get competency from work
Good Medical Insurance Coverage, great employee wellness programs, great gym.
Fantastic development opportunities!!!! :) great benefits!!!! Super customer support!
Wonderful co workers and management team. Great PLACE to work!
Pay is exceptional for retail, the people are incredible, great avenues for development until you reach a senior role such as genius. Even after several years I feel that the direction which the company is taking is admirable. Huge sense of pride in representing the company each day. strongly agree with environmental goals and company's stance on consumer privacy.
I love working in the apple company and it is really great in the apple company I love it there it's so comfy man
They have great benefits and a high base rate of pay.
The best in the world with incredibles benefits and support by employers. Everything is done by the right way and on time along the whole year
This is a great company and will only get better. You have a great workplace and the pay is brilliant!
Benefits and Day off are much more than other companies Education subsidiary
Job security, Medical, Dental, Small Gym reimbursement, Vision plan.
Very good so and i like it
expected to be at your best every day and drive your own growth
Awesome logistics/admin/supply chain experience. Retail in all products of Apple brand
Good benefit good people start people
Good pay rate Great customer service Easy to provide and receive feedback Fun/professional environment Great pre-employment training and on the jon training
Great Team to work with. Upbeat environment, You can use trainers, comfortable clothing, training is great.
Absolutely NONE at this store.
great job environment, great crazy people. good discounts on apple products. the whole organization in committed to make employees grow and develop new skills
Some good colleagues who are there for you and make it worth while, some good benefits, but sometimes tricky to be eligible for them.
-The people are phenomenal -The pay is better then any other job of the same caliber -Incredible benefits and they keep getting better -Paid time for on going training, and opportunities for training with transferable skills -When you punch out, there isn't any work to take home
Great Company to work with.
The Culture is great, people and team are great , benefits are good, newer managers are not great leaders but task masters
Very good management Great atmosphere Work from home Free gym Health/dental insurance Paid maternity /paternity leave Opportunity for progression Training Genuinely seem to care about staff
You get to work with great people and management that listen to your concerns and recognize your success. Great health care benefit and good employee discount.
An amazing development culture. Apple brings in plenty of top talent and these people have a wealth of experience and guidance that one can use whether they are just starting work or have been for 10+ years.
best job I've ever had - especially for only being a part-timer. they employ great people, and want to keep those people.
The team is amazing
Great people and environment to work with and benefits/discounts
Work with talented, interesting people
Really great benefits in comparison to other Retailers
Opportunities to learn a lot and amazing perks
Product discounts are pretty good
People working at Apple are great providing excellent customer service. We have been trained by one of the most professional trainers that motivates us to do more at work. Few Pros: Enthusiasm, Passion, Innovation, Great People.
Mangement is amazing, culture is motivating
Work in PJs!  Work from home, no traffic, no commute. Benefits & pay are decent. Coworkers are fantastic. Training program is cool.
You feel cool working for Apple. The products are cool of course. They mind trick you into thinking you're cool and it mainly works.
Fairly easy work, a lot of interesting people in each store. Good health benefits, competitive pay, school and fitness reimbursements.
Working for a company that is such serious about its vision and its culture is the best that ever happened to me. At the end, you really get to be thrilled by getting your best to offer the best service you can.
Good reputation Company, friendly environment, good salary, I love its products and phiosopy.
Meeting great people and the employee discounts, benefits etc
Good perks Casual uniform Lots of autonomy
Although the discounts are not so big still, every year you're getting a certain discounts on the main products line and some other perks like paid fitness or school course - as long as aligns with the Apple areas of working (part of music management, video editing, law, etc.).  Also, you're getting discounts or free subscriptions for some websites and services.  I can't thing of any other pros.
Well-known and respected brand Decent benefits and pay Cool, fun coworkers Flexible schedule Enthusiasm of fellow coworkers is contagious when you're having a bad day. They are there for you more than any manager
Great place to work. challenging, rewarding, and great support from management. The pay was higher than any other retail position out there. Great for students.
Work with a team of incredibly interesting, intelligent enlightened people, who (with a few exceptions) are functioning at the top of their game.
Good perk! work life balance
flexibility, work culture is very good
Colleagues and Perks were great
Great for learning the best in customer service
- Work from home - Opportunities - good culture and values
Hands down best company I have ever worked for! Tons of training, amazing management, great benefits, great collegues, discounts and you get to play with stuff all day long!!!
Great benefits, they give the last equipment to work and show,
Staff are good and save each and every day from you having a nervous breakdown, utensils are great, Persona of working for the most profitable company on the planet, Self Development is advocated, Benefits are good.
Wonderful company to work for, great benefits, great technology, offices are state of the art. Plenty of opportunities to progress and develop
Great pay, lots of hours
• Some of the most intelligent and helpful people you'll ever work with. • Always exciting to see new tech come out and get the public excited too. • Great customers, life-long friendships. • If you are a young student, it is a great place to get paid well while you study.
Great products, great people, great resources.
- You work with very interesting and bright people - Working with the latest technology is great and helping people use it in so many different ways teaches you a lot. - Opportunities to seek additional training are everywhere, and everything is highly organized
It's ambition of my life and told my friend I'm proud of work this company there lot of achiever and developers show to this world
Great with school scheduling Easy to take time off if you do it ahead of time Room for advancement Good base pay Managers are very open, understanding and pleasant Lots of benefits
Excellent benefits, charitable giving match is amazing, flexible schedules, great coworkers
Great company to work for
Supportive colleagues who are at their best. Good pay Benefits such as stock options, employee discounts, medical/health insurance Great exposure
Good benifit, many leaves and time in lieu, have own cafe but you need to pay for food expect apple. You can have employee purchase price , and also for family and friends
Clean. Safe. Hard working team. Vast resources for development.
Opportunities for development Good on boarding training Great benefits definitely above what's on the market for people working on the shop floor
Working with for the most part, genuinely nice people who are passionate about customer experience. Apple products pretty much sell themselves.
Great atmosphere, friendly managers, competent staff, and the company offers a number of extra benefits from health related subsidies to fitness support
Staff were amazing, really good for someone that likes customer service
Amazing Staff & Management
Good benefits, salary. Great company to start with.
They handpick the most interesting and friendly staff you can find so it's easy to make friends and for the day to go by faster. Everyone is happy to help you.  LOTS of staff perks and discounts.
Extremely innovative company with a very clear strategy and ability to execute Benefits on par or better than other tech companies You'll be proud to say that you work there
Salary City center stock options canteen (depends on the site) employee discount
Benefits are very good for all
Good staff benefits, stable work environment,lots of training provided, quarterly company events.
Lunch breaks, going home, being on holiday, days off, leaving Apple one day oh and free gym membership if you have the energy or drive to even continue to live after every horrid shift.
To solve customers software problems.
People, Experience, Stores, Culture, Philosophy, Credo
Benefits provided are very generous and of great value. Salary, discounts, etc
salary is good but not for what you have to do
When I first joined it became apparent that this was what had happened to the hippy movement. They adapted, incorporated and set out to make some very cool toys. This innovative company's culture fosters an OCD - like attention to detail while embracing open dialogue and mutual respect. The people and the relationships forged in this company are oftentimes the highlights of anyone's career experience.
Supportive team and leadership, Emphasis on growth and personal development, Encouraging of constructive criticism as well as positive feedback
Smart hard working colleagues and amazing work you do feel like you are creating value in a customers life
Great company. Amazing ethics and values to improve the world.
Really good progression, excellent training, good leadership. Adequate challenges within job role but no extra stress
The benefits maybe better than some companies.
Work from home and they sent you a iMac
The atmosphere was very supportive and helped me learn a lot. The campus was also very nice, and the food was amazing.
If you speak French,German or Spanish you have a save job you can be unhappy with for 10 years on the phone lines.
good benefit package, opportunity to work with very amazing people (due to interview process), ways to set specific availability requests
wonderful working environment, great cafeteria, nice co-works.
I like it as it can open new doors and opportunities for me. Also my father is on to me for not having a job
Happy environment and Benefits and salaries
ThisThis company is one of the top runner. So working here is so exciting and I proud of it.
-Great work environment -Allowed to be yourself -Very diverse workforce
Good discount, nice people to work with. Good team atmosphere and decent pay, especially for a job working in retails
Good people and a nice work environment , very good benefits.
You get to with a collective group of professional developers and widely recognised eco-system.
You will be treated in the most professional manner, everyone is happy to help you no matter what it is. great benefits every month or sometimes every other week
The people you work with are mostly, an incredible bunch of people, but they purposely employ people of the same 'type'
Amazing pay and guaranteed raises Very generous health benefits EXTRA fitness reimbursement Stock options Group RRSP with contribution matching Steep discounts on products Great values and overall culture
Great Company to work for, people look up to you for answers
I enjoyed working with most of the people at Apple.
Very fun, exciting and fast paced environment.
Great discounts, friendly work atmosphere, approachable management. Discounted health care (not free! For tax credits they declare it as £1100 per year). Amazing paternity and maternity leave and understanding management when dealing with bereavement.
If you give your all and you are 100% committed you will go somewhere, there is always an opportunity to grow with apple.
Good benefits. Great company and environment.
Easy job, somehow paid hourly so overtime is time and a half.
Nice experience, good and motivated co-workers, good salary and all of the other benefits.
Apple Culture. Better working environment. innovative products.
If you look past all the 'cult like' indoctrination it really is a great job. Apple is a good company to work for overall. They provide lots of extensive training and offer competitive salaries.
working with intelligent people, interesting work
Apple can be good as a first experience for your CV.
If you want a place where we really care about the mark we leave on the planet, then this is the place
Great people, cool products, great benefits
Great people, great opportunities for growth, great pay. The benefits package is incredible too, best retail company you could work for
Good culture, great talented people, amazing workplace.
The work was interesting the staff was friendly.
Discounts for Apple products as well as corporate discounts. Free apple shirts. Improved understanding of an Apple Store. The pros is a very short list
Learn new knowledge thru Job rotation, relatively good employee benefits
Good salary and learn many skills
- Great training - Fast paced and active environment
- Get to work with the best people. The hiring process is tough, so only the best get in. This makes for a fantastic work environment  - Very flexible. Easy to swap shifts with others if you can't work a certain day  - You get to work for Apple. Everyone knows the company.
love culture and good working environment
Great benefits, great opportunities for growth.
Felt like I was part of something important. Liked their positive approach towards customer service. Really learnt a lot.
Innovative cutting edge technology from all aspects
Fair benefits, fair work schedule arrangments, fair work hours, overtime is rare.
Great culture and way of thinking. People are amazing, surrounded by some of the best minds in the world.
Truly the best people to work with, the place is amazing for that and I made some really fantastic friends. Store is great fun, work can be fun too with a real family vibe on the floor. There is a strong team ethic and everybody wants to help each other out. Management and people team are really understanding and there is wicked support available if you need it. Company benefits and discounts +++ Festive period and launch days are always good fun too!
Majority of staff in general absolutely terrific. Positive minded people who have obviously gone through as intensive an interview and selection process myself.
Serious commitment to hiring diversity, employee health and wellness, expanding employee skills and experiences, community outreach, and customer loyalty over individual transactions.
Overall is ok, great company
Very open on opportunities, good to practice professional skills and solve challenging problems, continuously training programs are available, encouraging positive working attitude
people you work it,insurances,discounts with third party companies,opportunities ( I was a leader during closing hours,you can pretty much be trained in anything related to retail operations, sales,technical support,inventory,supporting managers),the atmosphere is great,
Excellent working environment, Very nice people there.
Great and passionate people, interesting projects, subsidized lunch
Been an Specialist at brazilian Apple Store means you will be ready for everything: dealing with back-of-house tasks, presenting workshops, explaining and helping customers to buy new Macs, iPhones, iPads, etc and help in mobile Genius Bar appointments You will face ambiguity, issues and situations with customers who develop empathy and a listening ability excellent. The coaching method of Apple is another great point, with the objective to help you learn life-long abilities and also focus on your "low" competencies to improve your capability as an employee Also, the feedback culture of Apple helps you to improve your capability week by week.
Flexible time schedule, great team, amazing team leaders and team work
Some staff were lovely & friendly, hours aren't too long, pay was good
Working with work colleagues with different backgrounds and how they creative they can be,
Good benefits, facilities, gym, canteens and discounts, busy and exciting environment to work in, large multi cultural environment. Good discounts to staff
Good salary, positive work environment, employee oriented, good company policies, retention bonuses, extra pay on public holidays, provides iPhone Demos unit to entire crew
Amazing culture, great people, supportive, honest, and fun!
It was a really good job, easy, gratificant, Apple is the perfect company to be, i love my experience there
Company 'feedback' culture is great, and there is a family feel to working there. The other members of staff are hired for their personality and they're the best people I've worked with. I truly went in everyday to hang out with some of the best people
highly organised structure for employees
Incredible surrounding People, Great compensation, Focused on Employee Experience, innovative organization, healthy work environment, consistent work perks such as lunches, events etc.
Save time and money commuting
Perks, Work-life balance, career opportunities
Great company, amazing team work, a lot to learn every day.
Good hours, no overtime, engaging work. Would recommend as it enhanced my future prospects greatly. Working under own initiative can be tough but rewarding
Easy to apply holidays, extra holidays every year beside bank holidays. Salary is above average In HK. People are in the same age group.
Travel, good benefits, discounted Apple products
Amazing work environment and personal growth strategies. awesome People to work with and Amazing Management that actually cares about your development.
Can learn a lot of new knowledge
Good benefits and discounts, can be a fun enviroment if you just want to work part time and earn some cash with minimul effort, great pay if you are 16
- Exciting - Fast-paced - Driven - Well-paying - Benefits - Always looking forward - Co-workers who care
great place to work, and great technology
When management is good they are excellent. They moved mountains to allow me to take parental leave when it was important for me to do so. There is a great deal of pride in the company from Apple employees, which is justified. Having the brand on ones resume is surprisingly influential. The employee discount is very generous. Some of the customer interactions are very fulfilling on a human level. It is relatively easy to transfer stores, even internationally.
Great salary and sick leave
Great atmosphere, although mostly OJT, deep understanding of the companies philosophy and various retail techniques. If you have initiative, they allow you to work on various projects.
The company has great benefits for the employees. You have a fair amount of space to perform the role of genius.
Dynamic, lots of fun, great pay and great benefits with minimal pressure on performance.
- As an employee you will be treated really well - Well paid - Great atmosphere - Great attitudes from other staff
I liked some products and how it be developing on ambition however, here in my centre is something new the biggest company from Apple is coming also i will be happy when i be one of officer that support me to i learn something new .
Good environment to work in with great development opportunities
Great pay and benefits, opportunity to do special projects, meet inspiring people.
It´s a good playable job without forced overtime. In case you do Overtime you get a nice bonus for doing it. Inside of Apple Care there is a great spirit.
Great place for graduate, you can learn a lot. Great benefits, Great salary (especially for retail in china),lots of learning experiences and resources,you become really good friends with your peer group, or maybe even family!
good place to work, higher salary compared with other companies in same industry and good benefits
Great for a part-time job.
- World Class business practices - Great opportunity to learn technology - The people they hire are incredible - Good benefits and they pay for provincial health insurance - Fantastic employee discount - above average pay for retail
No pros in this company, even the piddly discounts are not work the abuse and bullying.
Team, benefits, credo- amazing company ethos.
Because i love very much this Brand.and i wanna add this company for lifetime . Am fully enjoing your work with this company
Great stores, great products, great customer service
Products are good. And are free. Offices are amazing. Which makes coming to work. A treat. Very well supplied kitchen
Good environment Open mind management Excellent products
Good friendly staff and focus of customer experience
Great teamwork ethic and bonuses
The direction of the company is very clear and focused. Apple manufactures some of the truly most remarkable products in the world today.
I've worked with a couple companies in the computer/electronics retail industry and Apple has provided me with the best experience so far. They are very structured with how employees are managed however they also empower their employees to do what's best for the customer. I definitely enjoyed my time there.  Pros: - Great pay for retail industry - Great benefits - Great environment/people
good life and brand equity within the org
1. Work Environment 2. Job benefits
pay, team setting, always busy
good salary and good mamnagement
Great hi-tech brand, friendly environment and hight motivation
The people are great and the benefits are pretty good. Pay seems to be better if you stay there for a long time. Nice product to support.
Great discounts, lovely people to work with, free tea/coffee and a lovely canteen
culture,Diversity, Benefit, salary Okey, interesting, accept all kind of people
I worked there 5 years. Very good experience overall.
This is an excellent job with good opportunity and Many other davantage. I like This compagny also for good managment and team spirit
Feeling of accomplishment. Pay. Working from home. Time with family. Deals on all products. Great work hours. Opportunities for advancing your career.
Great organisation, comprehensive training, very professional, dynamic and fast-paced environment. Good employee discount, health insurance and other benefits.
Great culture good for people who wants relaxed lifestyle and not bring work home.
Opportunities to grow within company, friendly staff, support for employees, discounts for employees, gain knowledge quickly, socialisng and fun events
Good explaination of the use of apple phones and other devices from the staffemebers as theu showed good communication skills and knownledge in their field of expertise.
Team effort happy staff kind staff
Great work environment, Friendly team and supportive management. Great place to start a career in sales. Further opportunity to develop and become a manager through in store leadership programs.
Lots of benefits and great start off pay
Office is mainly empty after six though some people do bring work home. Benefits such as in-house gym with classes.
Good salary. Nice people. Nice atmosphere. Nice place
The overall culture is great. We've got a great leader in Tim Cook and for someone who truly loves the products we make, being close to the action is fantastic. Not to mention the wonderful employee discounts.
Very cool and peaceful work environnement, food is great, managers are reliable and there's a good atmosphere in the floor, feels really friendly. We have great benefits, the pay is great, everyone is equal and you have a lot more opportunities once you're inside.
Smart people around and there are plenty of opportunities to learn. Pay is not bad.
Diversity culture. Able to work with different people across geographical locations and business functions
It is a fun place to work.
Great people and culture, good pay, challenging role, good incentives, plenty of training and great discounts
Substantial amount of benefits for all employees. Managers talk to you like friends, not robots. Relaxed and chilled environment to work in. The ability to be yourself without having to restrict your personality. Looks great on your CV. Potential to grow into the Corporate business building. Selection of trousers and shoes/trainers to your choice (exc. tracksuits) also can wear any accessories on arms, legs etc.
big company, hi tech start up... people will think that you are important as you work for APPLE . Impressive achievement on the CV even though ...
fantastic product, really good cultur
most recognized company in the world
High salary than other company
The people you work with are awesome.
Great benefits for full-time and part-time employees. Staff are of a very high calibre and exceptional quality (we're all devoted to the team!). They try very hard to make sure the retail employees are happy. Great support of RRSPs and stock purchasing.
It's been a good company to work for.
Good work environment and nice coworkers Very flexible for work schedule
Great benefits, wonderful coworkers and interesting and moving environment
You have fun while working and helping members if the public.You meet a diverse range of people and are engaged in a fast paced working environment.
Good benefits, most store managers are great people to work for. If you want to develop your soft-skills, this is great place to do so.
quite good for your resume
1. Pay is good compared to other companies in china.
Everyone is very well educated about the products and services provided, and everyone knows what they are talking about. Most of the employees of the company are very nice and kind and do their best to help you out whenever you need it. Of course there are always those mean, snobby people like in every other company but there are way more nice people. Overall a great place to be a hardware engineer.
very Interesting environment to work in
You get to wear those apple shirts!
good benefit inclusive working envirinment Apple is in the spotlight again over working conditions for the people who make its products, following ...
good environment, good people, no need to persuade customers to buy things because apple product sells itself
Wonderful place to work but only smoke and mirrors
great pay! great benefits and support. always busy so you're never bored
Company has a good stance on the environment, privacy and sustainability.
Apple dedicates a large amount of time training their employees and treat them with respect. Apple embraces diversity within their teams and is understanding of student workloads/ cultural values.
good to work and people are very nice
The only pro are the benefits they provided.
Working with Apple Retail was one of the best development experiences of my life, it is challenging and fast paced with opportunity for growth and upward movement.
Great benefits, great people and great pay for the work. Opportunities to explore and usually a decent channel to make sure your voice is heard
- Valued on merit. - Possibilities to grow quickly. - Great team atmosphere.
good money, good gym, good canteen
Structure, people, nice managers, feel part of the team, excellent benefits for retail, healthcare, dental, pension, gym. Relaxed attitude to dress code real feeling of team spirit, very enjoyable place to work.
Team is like a family, not targets for sales, you are just there to help the customers! Everyone in the workplace is always so positive and friendly
An excellent, friendly and cohesive team to work with. Great pay and health/pension benefits. Amazing staff discount.
Great organization, best salary among retailer
I like the working office and colleagues here. Great food as well. Healthy drinks too.
The company cares for your well-being. Flexible working environment. It is a very collaborative environment because nobody can truly work without other teams. And that encourages collaboration.
Pleasant and honoured to work here, we enjoy great benefits and treated with respect. This group is all about people!
Not honestly many other than the 1 or 2 people a day I speak to that are genuinely happy I helped them. Benefits.
Able to purchase Apple products at discount price
Large well known world brand named company
Great people Interesting problems Investment in tech
Great company to work for. Loads of percs and things to look forward to. Especially around the holiday season.
Competitive salary plus excellent employee, dependent benefits. Culture of excellence. You will be surrounded by driven, smart and highly collaborative individuals. Everyone is an expert in something, you just need to be willing to ask for help. Asking for help is not a sign of weakness within Apple. Cool Apple gadgets at the workplace - carrying around a MacBook Air is way cooler than carrying around a boring corporate black IBM thinkpad. Good food at Cafe Mac, most new joiners put on a few pounds within weeks if not days of joining. However there is always the gym and numerous wellness programs offerings on campus to smoothen the 'food impact'.
Business is changing everyday, which provides new challenges everyday. You feel important and proud of working for the company because people talk about it everyday.
Great working environment, provided with plenty of support and pushed to your potential at all times.
My co-workers at Apple were, on the whole, some of the best people I've ever met, much less worked with. The senior management was awesome and very supportive, and I appreciated feeling like I was trusted to make my own calls in the day-to-day interactions with clients.
Great interaction between management and team, great team spirit, cultural diversity, great benefits/bonuses, excellent trainings provided,
Great company over all to work for. They Encourage against the grain thinking
It was really nice before Steve died, everything was just about showing the customer how great the products and technology was.
people you meet and hang out with are pretty cool and everyone is pretty friendly, staff discounts get to know some interesting stuff
not bad place to work
Best Company in leading innovation and Technology
Highly motivated employees, cool environment
You learn a lot, very quickly. We say that 1 year in Apple worth 3 years elsewhere. You also have the opportunity to reach to a lot of people easily, develop your expertise, your network, your understanding of the business in may different ways.
The best work environment I've ever had in my life.
Great environment and tons of flexibility. You can get time off as desire. They're are great perks t working there and they take really good care of their employees
90% of co-workers were great and supportive. Stock
Great training, warm environment, decent discount
everyone is always willing to help out, they invest a good chunk of time into training which is extremely helpful.
Good in Service Level Sector.
Big company, international opportunities, good salary
Strong culture and values... Everything is driven from the culture/credo - as it should be for all good businesses. if you truly buy into them, you'll find it a great place to work. If you don't buy in - you'll find it difficult.
Good work environment. Lots of interesting challenges.
Apple is a fun company to work for. It is of course great to deal with such products and sell them to customers that usually love them. It is also an amazing place to develop team spirit, technical skills, and value all feedbacks. Working with companies is even more fun because you have a chance to build complete solutions for larger companies and work on third party solutions as well. It is more a collaboration with clients rather than selling.
The people there are amazing
Great discounts, friendly team members. Perfect job for those who want to experience a new challenge every day.
Great culture, solid process, lots to learn, high potential to grow
Campus ..... ........ ............ ........ ............
1) Great work environment 2) Can ask for different shifts 3) Good pay according to retail sector 4) Amazing discounts and EPP
Great bunch of people, the recruitment department does a great job!
Great team and great environment to meet people
it is the biggest IT giant yet?!
Great salary Amazing perks - company laptops, phones, lunch vouchers etc Really cool people to work alongside with, great team atmosphere
I enjoy working in an ever changing environment, keeping up-to-date with technology and getting lots of training. The products and services offered are fantastic, so it's the best retail work you can ever hope for.
I think the only pros for me were the health insurance and the discounts on products every once in a while. training is helpful and 60 % relevant for the job
Extremely challenging opportunity to grow at every level
i love apple. It shows that it has the best technology in tech community these days. Another reason why I love apple is because they really do listen to other people what they want to see on another device or what they should move out! siri is also better than ever :)
I have always loved Apple and enjoy all the technology they afore I used almost everything they have to offer
good best better and nothing could be best
Friendly, fun, great training, good work-life balance, great benefits. Managers are helpful and don't just lord it over people. Always has a good atmosphere. No pressure to sell. Great progression routes.
keep you motivated, manager really available for any questions
Good benefits, Great career opportunity
Incredible culture - people - support - best place i have ever worked don't think you can top it tbh
Relocation package, Good salary, good job opportunities, brand new buildings with gym onsite, etc...
great team work to be in
Brand, relaxed environment, not a huge focus on ££, behavioural based (teamwork & innovation), culture is amazing, work/life balance great, bonus
great people, you will lear a lot about customer service and how to cope in stressful situations
Great benefits, great community, great tools and you are made to feel like yp matter
Global Gaint. Great brand. Rich inheritance on product lines.
- working with amazing people - learning something new everyday - learning the business processes of a great company
Work with amazing people Really fun place to work Socialise with other young people your age. Job is simple and not demanding at all. Get to work with amazing technology every day! See celebrities very frequently Good benefits
It's very easy work where engaging with customers is placed above tech-knowledge. Paid much better than retail staff (Red zone/Family Room specialists). Revered in stores.
Decent discounts for self, family and friends. Very positive.
discounts fantastic working conditions and benefits  There isn't really much else to say, theres gym reimbursements 3rd party discounts great hours and breaks. Educational support and even paternity leave.
Great place to work.  Had a great time at Apple. Fun and relaxed environment. Great colleagues. Quick progression if you work hard.
You work with an amazing team of people. You are usually given a certain measure of autonomy to use your creativity and unique skill to do your job. You are given personal development time to hone your expertise. Always busy, days fly by.
big company, good for your CV
they had a friendly atmosphere and it was a great experience. good customer service experience and sales experience
Awesome job and love it.
The atmosphere was great as well as the team. We were allowed to go to work with our day to day clothes. There is a lot of different things you can do in an apple store.
good salary and benefits.friendly environment.
Salary OK,work as a customer gather you respection enough. big company reputation.
• Medical Insurance - 100% from day one onwards • Pension Plan - Apple will match up to 7% of your contribution to the company pension plan • Product Purchase Plan - Discounts on the purchase of Apple products • Stock Purchase Plan - Discounts on the purchase of Apple Stock/Shares • Life Assurance - 4 times annual salary
Fun products, exciting launches, good salaries and benefits, great team consisting of amazingly talented individuals. A very feedback friendly environment!
Great working environment and culture
Amazing company to work for!
Can influence the product, supplier quality
Great salary, easy sales. Easy to learn all the products, great enviroment...
Company develops a lot of talent from within. Was given many opportunities to develop and expand my role. Fast paced and challenging environment, not many dull moments.
Great pay, flexible work schedule, great experience for future jobs/positions
Great company to build a good career in !! Lot of opportunities all the year long, nice work atmosphere, two different locations in Cork City both easy to access.
Great people, decent pay, excitement for the brand is phenomenal.
Positive environment, very focused on personal development.
great environment, people always happy to come to the store excellent management, very transparent and clear good salary for a part time job
There were good benefits, but I didnt stay long nough to get them all!
Feels genuine! Also has a great satisfactory salary and work experience! And goes good with the reputation of the personal and professional outlook!
??? The product discount is nice but not reason enough
You're most likely to be working with some great people, the job is fast paced and usually fun.
People you work with are amazing
Apple Retail's training program is second to none (especially for new store opening). They take you seriously, even if you're working part-time, and invest in you.
Soo good that it's amazingly good man
good benefit that is very good
Collection of likeminded individuals with a great culture.
Great people, great vibe, great culture,good work perks
best place for learn new things to improve technology
apple has a good atmosphere
Their wages are High comparing to other companies in the industry. So their salaries are high.
salary as working from home Imac and Apple devices lend by the company
Working hours are really flexible and your job revolves around your hobby aswell. Also the salary is not so bad but its the bonuses that add to the job.
Amazing continuous training that you will use for the rest of your career, opportunities to advance, great teams and long lasting friendships, typically supported to follow goals, learn and grow. Excellent benefits and employee stock program. Discounts on your cell phone plans at most, if not all, cell phone service providers.
Brilliant perks - I used my discount to purchase a Macbook, and got it loaded up with so many free programs. Also, was a very positive environment in that I was permitted to spend a long time helping consumers, even if they weren't spending much/anything at all.
You can have good medical plan , even can cash out your annual leave
Innovative company to work for.
- fast grows if you work for it - great management team and coaching - great place to learn how to multitask like a champion - discounts (ton of them)
great staff, awesome salary, wonderful opportunities
I really enjoyed how people listened to my ideas
Lots of benefits Great environment Good life balance Free breakfast
Discounts and benefits can be very useful. The management are flexible with regards to activities out side of the business.
-Good Hours -Good Pay -Good Environment
Huge and rewarded company, multicultural and resourceful. Good benefits and great office location with outstanding canteen and gym facilities
Work environment is fun. Colleagues and teammates are great. Healthy discounts on Apple products, including third-party accessories. Occasional 50% discounts on third-party accessories. Leadership is passionate.
It feels good to be working for such a valued and respected company!
Great place to work. People are fantastic. High ceiling and room for growth
Easy job, don't need to think too much. Most colleagues are fun to work with
Relatively good pay but you'll really work for it
Good perks, great people to work with, great atmosphere in store.
Great co-workers. Decent pay. Flexible time. Relaxed atmosphere. Great Benefits. Yearly free Apple products. Discounted stock options. Innovative company. Great facility. Good canteen, free coffee and apples.
-super collaborative workplace -positive feedback and support from all areas of the business -opportunities for growth -active coaching -fast pace environment -great company culture -LOTS of benefits
Good salary and health benefit. Long vacation for all employee. Annual bonus is available at every year end. Good review on salary adjustment.
Amazing culture. World class training. Interaction with lots of interesting people in the form of customers and colleagues. Fantastic discounts on all Apple products an a great career booster for those looking to work in any industry - technology, hospitality, customer service, logistics. No two days are the same. You get to work on different tasks every day so you'll never get bored.
Fun working environment, good benefits, great team
They hire creative people so its great to mix with a variety of interesting and fairly intelligent colleagues.
Good environment high salary and once you start your job you will like it and can work for even long hours
Amazing products, software and hardware. Shops everywhere. Great learning experience. Training is great.
Company with its head screwed on, great pay and benefits, very organised, great employee discounts
One of the best products on the market Great company culture Great talent Good commission and earning potential Successful company with a lot of new innovations
good place to work -great flexibility -good health care -Good discount
you get paid really well and make new friends
Good pay. Good location. can build great connections.
Good teamwork environment, flexible hours. Very friendly management and positive co workers, big area and beautiful store, very enjoyable work
Everyone is charged up to deliver their best . Apple makes employees Fanatic ...
It's the best job for a student. You can change your schedule two weeks in advance.
Great environment, great perks, challenging work.
The facilities in-house (i.e. fitness centre, good food in caffe macs, concierge, wellness programmes) are all great. They have a wide range of fitness classes to suit employees' needs and fitness levels. The food served in Caffe Macs are excellent too. Able to interact with employees from diverse background and build your cultural intelligence.
great management performance related pay raises
work with competent professionals good apple cafe with quality food at food court prices good staff benefits
Great culture and real values. It allows you to see what a great customer centric company looks like.
Good working hours Good pay Good benefit Good for retirement
One of leader companies and succeeded on the world of technology and electronic market which it make any one proud to be part of this company and face a new challenge
Everyone is respectful, everyone is organized, and everyone is willing to help at any time. Very friendly and a great environment to work in.
Great development if you drive it yourself. Can be just a job or can be a career. The best job I've had, including the bad times (I have well over a decade in retail)
Great place to work on becoming a better person and learning new skills. Also work with an amazing group of people.
Apple was a great atmosphere to work and learn. Managers were great at supporting the staff. Dealing with customers can be tricky but always felt support by the company and the people who worked there.
Some of the best employee training you can receive. The culture is absolutely amazing and you're working for the most successful company in the world!
Sales base salary is ok. Perks, like the gym, is great.
Innovative atmosphere at a higher level
A company that really does care about their employees. If you let them know exactly what you want to work towards, they will help you achieve it. Great pay for a retail job, and the best team I have ever worked with. Some say its the hardest job to get, but because of this, you'll be working with the best.
Great culture, exceptional training, lifelong friendships, access to cutting edge technology. Team environment with lots of learning.
Great customers and great people to work with. Excellent training and HR policies/department.
Best job conditions, can interact with great people, great job satisfaction
Could determine time of work myself
1. Great team - depending on the store 2. Great benefits - discounts & Employee Share Scheme 3. Flexible hours based upon your availability.
The people around you are amazing and hardworking. Everyone gets on like a family and you can have some really fun days at work
Environment is fun. Good facilities excellent food. Fast paced and good social aspect to working here. Discount
innovative place with great guys you may get lots of innovatve ideas each day
Work is easy, all follow sop
Great place to work in a great environment
Good package and you can get it anytime
Discounts on products, Vacation time. No work after-hours.
comunication skils, team work and
Good company to work for . Great benefits and oppurtunities to progress, excellent work ethic, great buzz within the company and managers v.helpful
Excellent compensation thanks to share plan High level contacts within the industry Some interesting challenges
Apple offers a lot of possibilities for personal growth. You are encouraged to improve, without the feeling that you are being put under pressure.
It is a job, you get money and okay benefits. Being Apple Certified is better than nothing.
Stock options, team and culture.
While at Apple, I had the privilege to work with the best co-workers on the planet. Though it could be challenging at times, each store that I worked at offered an exciting and encouraging work environment. Especially when I was working in the UK, I found that management was very encouraging and even coached me on how to better my self and further my career with Apple.
Workin for the best company
Family like environment. There will be senior advisors who will catch you if you can't handle the issue
I like work with Apple and Apple products. I like my job. I like learning new thing everyday.
- Good overall vibe. - Not a very stressful job: generally very clear instructions from management. - Help people with technical issues so they can get on with their lives (lol).
Attention to detail: For an obsessive character like me I always loved the attention to detail. The way the tiles for each store come from a particular part of Apple's quarry. The way the own the forrest where they get he wood to make the tables. The way the guys that made the wooden tables, travel around and then stand and refinish them. This fine psychotic attention to detail is why Apple is Apple. This is why their products, packaging, stores, OS etc all are so far ahead of everyone else. They are uncompromising on this and it is a beautiful thing.  They were fairly dynamic in managements ability to make change with in the store.  Some cool discounts on products (none on the iPhone when I was there).
a very good team, inspiring
Supportive staff, awesome training, great environment
Supportive, challenging environment always working with great people, great products, with lots of different types of work experience on offer
Relatively high compensation Incredible people Challenging & rewarding workload Many tools for success Low turnover
Fair compensation , highly skilled coworkers ,hours flexible at least on my level. You get access to the best tools you need to get your job done
professional friendly management and good environment to work in
I recently finished my undergraduate degree in Psychology and took this job, despite being way overqualified for two reasons.  First, it was conveniently offered straight after I graduated. Second, I wanted to find out why Apple is considered to be so special.  Everything within Apple is transparent, peer reviewed and abuse trough colleagues or management is systematically eradicated.  A comprehensive health insurance package is provided for myself and my wife, covering a wide range of options.  I can work from home and all the required hardware and internet cost are covered by Apple.  There are a lot of different benefits provided that range from chunky discounts when you buy hardware to incentives if you work overtime.  The most important aspect is that you work in a sane environment with mostly emotionally and cognitive mature individuals.  The environment at Apple is constantly changing and depending on your background, relatively fast paced what makes every minute spent working feel like it was worthwhile.
Meritocracy, flexible working hours, good sense of belonging to the best company in the world
Great working environment! Employees all look out for one another. Also, a really flexible work environment. Room to advance and grow through experience.
Great brand, good for resume. Conducive work environment with generous staff benefits. If you are eligible for RSUs, it will be akin to making a small windfall given the premium price of Apple stock, which will be an asset for years to come.
First experience, good ESPP offer
The staff and overall experience of working at an Apple retail store is hectic but valuable. You will learn a lot and develop skills that will remain an asset throughout your career.
good and nice, environment nice
Having lots of different benefits for part time and full time. Very flexible hours and lovely staff. Also you learn something new every day. Turn over for staff is roughly 5-7 years. People love it there. Great break system and your time is yours work stops after you leave.
because i heard about this company good news and it has professional mangers and i hop to learn more from this administration
Good perks, Apple general treat their employees well with Gym benefits and all kinds of schemes. They often do competitions for overtime, etc. This role gives the employee lots of responsibility if you like that its good and will give you much experience in dealing with difficult people. When waiting for a product launch, phone queues can be slow, waiting up to 15 minutes for a phone call.
Interest, ambiance, people, salary, much to learn
A pleasure to work or go to the company's prestigious reputation is a good spread across the world, which always seeks to continuous development and Tmizhaalmtephana for the rest of the companies in the world through the development and accuracy in work and more importantly, to satisfy its customers in various places and the Bekaa.  Will be the latest of my friends about the opportunity to work, which will be made available to me in the company, a company that everyone aspires to work in. I have long waited for this opportunity and I Banthazha apply for this job
- good benefits - good location in city center - above average pay
Great People. Energetic environment. Always something happening. Opportunities for growth. The pay is very decent.
Professional, friendly, co-operative working environment.
Earn Money, increase myself and company
Great people, easy work, fun times. You see the impact you make on people.
Training is very elaborated and extended (theorical + practical). Working environment is stimulating. Crazy benefits even for part-timers (Stock purchase plan, complete insurance, paid vacation, personal discount, friends and family discount)
I ilove the creation and my job
because it is very good company
The best Reason of work at the company is related international reputation which is reflected to the quality of the company and standardized
Nice and clean office, good cafeteria
You get to work with the coolest and best products in the world. Massive organization that is trained to take care of issues. Clear escalation routes makes your problem somebody else's problem.
Good multilingual atmosphere and great team spirit among colleagues.
Company run extremely well, senior management knows what they're doing.
Great work environment, learned a lot, wonderful benefits, above average pay for the job. Very stimulating environment, hard to be bored.
-Competitive salary and benefits -Nice working environment -Great management
Experience in your CV Colleagues and managers in London Hannover Street are great 27 days holiday Management motivates people to apply to new internal jobs
Huge company, great salary and benefits, world of great opportunities that only depends on your performance, multicultural environment
Laptop, cellphone provided. Travel for training.
Great benefit which can take well care not just the employees as well as their family.
Great starting marketing job for freshman
apple is all what i do
No any bad thing, have best management
Great benefits package Equipment discount. Good training. The technology is interesting.
Very casual, dynamic and innovative.
Very satisfactory company to work for, treats employees well.
Great for students and recent grads
Great products, tech, cutting edge
amazing environment, rapid pace and was fulfilling at the start, before it became a revenue driven goliath.
best company ever, gols, products and nice work place to improve your skills,
When you are under great leadership(objective and critical in thinking you are doing great) pay is great.
Allows on the world to work in the app on Apple, but the best way for the first place. To the point of view the third party in my life
Very positive experiance working for Apple. Team was well organized which made everything clear and transparent. The brand is so loved that the customer enthusiasm adds to the excitement of the job.
Apple focuses on growing you as an individual first. Their process may be difficult to understand at first however it does make sense in the end. The culture is A+, note there will always be some individuals that go against the culture but for the most part it is fantastic.
cool company and good reputation
Great career, great people, great products!
The team was amazing
Im planing to apply for apple inventory specialist. i need advices how to succeed. this is my dream. i feel that apple created this position according to my wishes
Great culture. Great training. Work with passionate and tallented people.
Great Training Great Work Life Balance Brilliant People
good in company culture and facilities
Working with a small team encouraged team building skills and exchange of ideas.
An amazing company to work for
Great benefits and discounts, great environment, lots of resources to help you out with.
The training and ongoing support is amazing. You do daily warm ups before hitting the floor and you always get your breaks.
Great Pay and Benefits and also overtime
Benefits are amazing, the schedule is set up very well, you're treated as a person, not as a number. You get to enjoy your job.
Great atmosphere, professionism, creativity and competences.
Good wages, benefits, well looked after during christmas period especially
Additional hours are well paid
nice people,very good salary,good management
Benefits include decent discounts on products. Good employee paid benefits & extras including healthcare/RRSP's etc.
High Tech, Nice co workers, fast pace, good benefits
Apple has a great culture and the people that are selected to work there are just great people. You feel like you are doing great things while you are there. The customer experience can be enjoyable and it is a great place to start a career, very solid foundation.
Work life balance, great benefits and produces awesome products!
Very good very nice no complain exellent
Opportunity to work from home. Discount. Relaxed atmosphere if you're on top of everything. Coaching.
Great independence, with the ability to develop the business direction. I get to work with Apple products and Apple minded people. Has great potential.
The people are by far the best!
Pension, healthcare, ease of transferring from store to store as long as you don't upset a manager by telling the truth or opting out of working Sunday's (uk law entitlement).
Smart people, strong culture and great products.
Great people. Amazing culture, intense work on retail.
Amazing culture, great pay for retail (no one complains about pay). Extremely supportive management and colleagues.
Although working remotely from home, online applications like chat allow a lot of communication with fellow employees. Lots of benefits and overtime available.
They are excellent at celebrating success when achieved. Training is always on, you will learn a lot. A lot of support available.
Leaders are very approachable and constantly challenging employees to know every single aspect of the business. They invest in their people, their development and career paths which is a great opportunity for internals.
Great products, tremendously talented team members in all areas of store. Very loyal customers. Fast paced environment.
Salary and benefits, targets are reachable, internal processes are quick and not too much compared to other companies. Nice office locations and some on site benefits.
Great big company, good benefits and competitive compensation.
Fantastic atmosphere, good culture, interesting people, challenging work
Great people who are motivated and proud to work for the company and believe in the vision Great products
Excellent work environment and a strong company culture. Store leadership was good and flexible with working hours when I worked part time.
Apple will give what you demand if you are good enough in your career.
Good benefits, lots of training if you are motivated,
Good benefit, friendly and supportive culture, sometimes you feel like being at home
Great perks, Strong brand, employee discounts, global company with international mobiloty
Very supportive work environment, with help on hand at all times. The company's commitment to integrity and putting the customer first is very refreshing.
Great peers, good pay for retail, initial training is in-depth and excellent. They are good at hiring fun, social people. It's easy to make close friends and that makes coming to work a lot more fun. Discounts are pretty good. At the end of the day, for a retail job, it's great, but people shouldn't come into it expecting that they are going to go from a Specialist to the marketing team or something like that.
I love working for apple, Every day I get to learn something new about the company and my coworkers. Its a very encouraging and happy place to work!
Great talent and always at the forfront of technology
The discounts, the good people you work alongside in the trenches with.
apple make great products, great design, great advertisement. you can learn a lot in a short term, you have access to great tools.
Taught me a lot and I enjoyed most days
- employee discount - health insurance - sports & social club
Good salary International environment Amazing canteen!! Good benefits
Great culture. The ability to be who you are while learning and developing from peers and leaders alike. The ability to provide fearless feedback with the utmost positive intent, giving each other an equal opportunity to grow not only in our careers but in life.
The salary between employees varies a lot within the same role, so you can be compensated very well if they want to. The people are the best and well educated. Growth within the business is very possible... however at a high personal cost, you will need to work all the hours of the day.
Feel like you are part of something great and meaningful. Very driven peers and management
Salary, personal health insurance, Product discounts. Personal and professional development Chance of working with so many highly talented people.
smart people to work with great brand name
Stand by the shoulders of the giants, Apple is a great company to provide you a wide vision and the leading trend of the industry.
The people you work with are fun, kooky, and the real beauty behind the work. You learn a lot and are exposed to what retail can be in a luxury style environment. There's no commission for this job and lots of encouragement and resources to expand your customer service skills.
Experience good look on CV
There's order & drive when Jobs was alive.. the company is alive & exciting.. culture is great, colleagues are collaborating & you are working with smart people who are willing to make a difference..
It was magical for most of the time. Took great pride in the freedom to develop opportunities
Its a great place to work, a lot of highly intelligent people who are motivated and passionate
Good salary No stress or commissions Healthy company Stability
good environment, good colleagues, lots of benefits such as gym and stock purchase plan. Even as business is big, each department functions as a smaller company!
- International - few benefits - great products
Gym is 24/7 and it is free to attend classes there.
Good work-life balance, lots of opportunity for personal growth here especially if you're a part-time student, good pay for part time, excellent training
Exciting company to work for. If you're suited for the role, it's very rewarding to provide solutions for customers. I had a phenomenal store leader - don't know if everyone else does, but he was pretty spectacular as a management figure. Comfortable working environment Not 100% target driven. Good morals/values.
Only join it if you really love Apple and would like to spent lots of time to develop some lifelong skill
It's a job, ya it's different here!
Nice environment, smart employees and great bosses
The company has compassion on staffs, and everything is moving fast. It is a fun and interesting company to work with. The company has resource to help you to learn.
Poor pay but otherwise decent company to work with. Looks good on a CV
- Learnt a lot about the company and respected its values - Met a lot of like minded people who I still keep in contact with - Great pay for a university student, with great benefits - Customers always willing to listen to advice, unlike in other retail stores
Nice benefits, good salary, interrsting job
Great people, nice environment, enjoyable job
Great working in the store
Lots of new things to learn.
The opportunity to be part of something big in the history of Retail--and to witness it first hand, in the Asia Pacific region.
The only reason to work here in Apple is my passion and Money making.
Salary is ok (but not representative of the leading position of Apple) HR is doing a great job selecting incredible people. Job ambiance is great, you can feel that most of your colleagues have a passion to share with their customer. Teamwork is very good also. Apple's values as an employee really helped me to be a better person, to enjoy challenge, to deal with so many ambiguity, to understand the meaning of excellence and to have fun working and providing a such nice experience to many customers.
Very fast paced work environment with a huge emphasis on results.
Great team, excellent training along with alot of skills learned on the job.
I enjoy the freedom and flexibility of the culture at Apple. If there is a problem, peers are encouraged to provide feedback directly, enabling one to have an impact on the inner-workings of their store.
great benefits and above average pay scale. great place to meet people and feel part of a team.
If your good at your job, your not micro managed. The company is about teamwork and open communication.
They pay well and schedule around school very well. Every day is eventful and they do a good job of picking well-rounded employees. Great employee benefits and discounts.
Great working environment great colleagues
Great benefits, good working environment.
Met a lot of very dedicated, passion and smart people who make Apple, Apple. Regardless of your position, feel that your work contributed toward the success of the company. Do not mind the hand work and long hours as there are wonderful staff benefits.
some discount on apple product and all third party, health insurance free for you and your family
The stores are so busy, it's far from boring. Colleagues are great, which means they know how to recruit. Salary is decent.
- If you are french, speak french or have been to a top french business school - this is a great company to work for in Europe - All your friends think you work for the coolest company - Employee discount - Stock - the only reason most people stay is because of the share options.
Amazing couture Best co-workers on earth A brand and products you can believe in
* STOCK PLAN + BENEFITS IS GREAT ( PROBABLY THE BEST THING ABOUT BEING EMPLOYED THERE ) * PAY IS BETTER THAN OTHER RETAIL JOBS OUT THERE * PEOPLE YOU WORK WITH ARE ACTUALLY DECENT, KNOWLEDGEABLE & HARDWORKING PEOPLE * YOU WILL LEARN ALOT OF TECHNICAL INFORMATION ABOUT COMPUTERS, IPHONES, ETC
Work life balance, Good compensation
now let me think,can't think of much,good discounts on products thats about it
Fun staff to work with Limited but good discount Was a family environment but this turned to high turnover and profits. More care given to customers money rather than their experience.
good benefits, perks, nice cafe
-okish salary if you survive to get a permanent contract.
You have the ability to create your own success and will get support if you do it the right way.
Great to work from home where you can wear what ever you want and be surrounded by your pets (if you have any), no need to fork out for transport to and from work or put with with the trending office virus. 10% - 25% off Apple products.
Reasonable pay You get to work from home
good company and culture shared values and intelligent people
Money is good. All expense paid trip to Cupertino. Fun working with Apple products.
Brand name, permanent contract, deal with technology.
Regarding compensation, benefits, this is one of the best companies in the world. They really care for your fitness, health, education, etc.
Salary, benefits, training and most of the people
The leadership team is always willing to offer support in developing your skills. Development is self driven, so you get out what you put in. It's not a career for everyone, as opportunities to advance are limited.  The culture and team are amazing.
Worked with a lot of really rad, unique people
If Apple does anything amazingly, it hires well. I can't speak for Corporate but the retail team are amazing. I doubt you'll ever work in a more engaged, creative, unique team again
Brilliant people, good place to develop your knowledge.
Apple Retail gave me some great life skills that I have adapted to work, now outside of Apple. I wouldn't be the person I am today without these. The culture of inclusion within the stores can be hit and miss but when it is just right you will feel like you are part of a big family. I have made friends for life and will never forget or regret the time I spent there.
Great team around you. Always supported by managers and staff. Great discount and employee stock purchase plan.
best location in Beijing CBD, a lot of big companies there, global 500 companies.
Inside edge on technology, knowledgable staff, positive environment
looks good on resume. Nothing else
They are friendly, wear causally. They respect every candidate, and you will feel warm welcome from Apple.
Apple is truly a world class brand. It's an incredible place to work if you enjoy interacting with people and getting to know them. To find out HOW these products affect their lives is truly a blessing. If you like constant development and face pace, Apple is for you.
- Came across some of the most intelligent people from across the globe - People outside of Apple (or even those working in the retail store) think it must be amazing working for Apple (really it is not if you work corporate) - Nice offices (the illusion to keep you in the "wow" factor) - Business Macbook & iPhone (some departments get iPads too) - If you survive in Apple Corporate, you can survive almost anywhere
they are friendly and fun
Best place to work at
Good people, good wage, and an interesting environment - doesn't feel like a retail job but rather an advisory role. No need to sell the product, it sells itself. You are just guiding customers to the best option for their needs.
For this job which is really good on your resume. People always have questions for Apple Inc and the products. You will have lot of things to talk about this job
Company itself, health benefits, culture, a carefree corporate environment
Reasonable wages, good employee discounts and benefits.
Best place to work and learn
The environment is good. Work life balance. Apple Provides very good benefits for employees and their family members.
Products are great Values are super
Good career progression, fast paced environment. Good pay and benefits. A good place to develop a career with on going training.
Medical benefits for your spouse, children & yourself. Staff discount for Apple product. Different types of leaves.
You feel like a family, organisation is almost perfect, ideas are coming from everybody, lots of training, lots of evolution in the company
1. Apple Retail tends to hire people who are sociable and creative, and it was fantastic to be part of a vibrant team with many shared personal interests. There was a strong community spirit and a willingness to help each other out. Working with the vast majority of my colleagues was a pleasure, I made many friends during my time with the company.  2. The Genius role is split between seeing customers to diagnose their issues, and physically repairing Apple hardware. I found a great deal of satisfaction in both the problem-solving and customer relationship management elements of the job. Diagnosing and resolving issues within tight time frames kept a healthy pressure up and provided clear performance goals. There was good support from management for personal development within the role. The service strategy changed a lot during my time at Apple (less attention on individual customers in order to serve a greater number), but that was an unfortunate reality of the growing demand. I still enjoyed the day-to-day work right up until I left Apple for a new opportunity.  3. Apple Retail has a young and diverse culture. Tattoos, bright hair and piercings are all completely acceptable among staff. Dress code was very relaxed... Wearing trainers every day and shorts in summer was bliss.  4. Genius pay is very good for a job that does not formally require a degree. I worked for Apple for nearly three years and received three incremental annual pay rises, leaving on ~£25k as a Genius with a year's experience in the role. Considerable discounts were available on Apple products for myself, friends and family. Apple employees received preferable rates in many of the local eateries and, most importantly, pubs. Store meetings and product launches were often effervescent affairs with free food, drink and entertainment.
I love working for the company. You learn something new everyday within the company and each day is a different experience.
I'ver worked for more than a year as a specialist at an Apple Store. People working there are brilliant, managers included, and very diverse, so if you keep your eyes open you always have chances to learn. There are a lot of opportuinities to grow and develop your habilities. Every worker is respected and supported in his life and career.
Apple is job that helps make all of its workers progress and be their best. The managers are super friendly and are willing to take feedback. If you ever have an issue with another worker, you can talk to them directly or let a leader know and the issue is quickly resolved. Apple really cares about its employees and will implement almost anything to make them happy.
You are not always pressured for sales, or hitting quotas.
Great care for its people, best paid retail job out there and they love to see you thrive. No pushy sales tactics, just based on your ability to deliver a great service.
Hired smart and dedicated people, good benefits and free gym
Excellent company to work for
Work around you, they make you feel very involved and have a great community.
Incredible & energetic culture with passionate and extremely competent managers. Starting wage is very decent and benefit package is fantastic. Management is transparent and internal growth is encouraged.
People hired are wonderful to work with.
Brand name. Salary cheque that comes every month. Average health benefits. When you cant explain or defend yourself you can always say its Apple way and we are different and I am not at liberty to speak any further about it.
Manager are nice and generous of their time. The salary is good compare to other jobs in the industry, Not alot of room for growth because so many applicants and lack of possibility
Fun and fast paced environment
Good, personal growth, work-life balance, compensations, fun
- It's amazing. - Great culture - Learnt heaps
Great team, great products and I felt as though I was making a difference to the lives of customers and team
I was overjoyed when I first started, within a month I was top salesman in my store without really trying, my enthusiasm and soft sell approach worked really well. It was my first job out of uni and I was ambitious and motivated by the prospect dangled in front of me of promotion to the creative level.  On the plus side Apple does train staff in many areas that will help you land future jobs, the working environment is casual and having Apple on your resume opens doors.
products discounts and atmosphere among agents
Products Experience People experience Improving everyday and reach the excellence
Great culture with great company. The awesome co-workers seems to be everywhere. A good place to learn new stuffs.
Great people to work with, not a bad environment for retail. They try to dress it up as a career, and while it's not bad pay, it is a demanding environment.
Cohesive environment, openness to each other, flexible working hours,
Spirit and corporate values remain strong. Really interesting to read recently about Tim Cook's reaction to "profits-first policies"... remain strong AND evolve ?
An enriching environment to interact and work with some of the most fulfilling people - Apple's open and friendly working environment promotes the most memorable interactions, experiences, technical knowledge and personal growth with both colleagues and fascinating members of the public. Refreshingly, there isn't a major focus on targets but more on human experience and places a great importance on rapport, with a great belief that everything else just fits into place.
It pays very well... it starts with the salary of $17.50 an hour for the least position offered there which is a specialist, great work environment and comes with a lot of prestige. & there are multiple leaders who are always available for you to approach and discuss anything you want with them
good company to work in
fast paced fun environment to grow
good job, blue boy know nothing
Working in a Specialist capacity you get to network and exchange ideas with a large group of like minded, creative individuals on a day to day basic.
If your a retail worker, there's no place like Apple in terms of pay and benefits. The company culture really resonates through its stores and provides an excellent working environment.
Apple is a successful company which gave me the impression it would provide great opportunities.
great customer service taught career advancement possible great environment, specially family room best pay available in retail great benefits even for part time
The company hires amazing people, they really do and they are great to work with. Good benefits and competitive pay.
Very organized, fantastic support system and tons of resources for employees no matter what is needed
opportunity to work with amazing, talented people. great opportunities on discounts applicable to third party accessories. access to stock options, software, discounts on apple products, health benefits and more. lots of focus on training and time to meet with managers to discuss your goals.
Benefits and discounts are good considering the price of the devices
The full time staff in the family room are pretty great to work with. Depending on the store, the hiring teams do a pretty good job with hiring talent. Perks are decent, with regards to computer discount, accessories and partner hookups. Health benefits are wonderful. Trip to California depending on your role.
If you like Apple product, this is the right place. Company's vision is clear.
Meeting a lot of cool people.
- Unequalled T&D - Supportive atmosphere - No commissions means you feel there is less pressure to succeed, but conversely you have more desire to do so
Great Medical / Dental / Optical Benefits
You get a good training at the beginning Even with less technical knowledge you get a channce there
positive, relaxed, fun, fast paced amazing work place!
Great people to work with, enthusiastic working environment
the company is always growing . Every product is a success. New building in Hollyhill .
There is always something new happening at Apple, whether it is a new product launch or some other new process/initiatives, so the work is always interesting. Since they hiring process is very thorough most of the employees that do get hired are great people to work with. And while some would disagree I would consider the compensation an benefits to be very competitive.
The best part about working for apple is its People and culture
The Team. 1. You will work with some of the smartest, sassiest young kids out there, with amazing communication skills. A truly diverse group. 2. Management is always available and supportive. 3. Excellent environment where teamwork is truly valued. There is no such thing as "dumb question"  And working at Apple, although very busy, is really fun.  The job itself is very challenging, yet rewarding. Every day we encounter so many customers (or "restore relationships," as we say at Apple) with different personalities and needs. There is just so much to learn and absorb at such an accelerated pace.  Apple is also a very fair employer who really values everyone there.
Top elite brand Innovative environment Very good benefit
Good name for your CV, quite a decent salary. Very friendly co workers many people I am still in contact with, opportunity to learn if you want. Fun store meetings and good treats and food on special occasions especially product launches!  Some opportunity for career progression within store, but if you want to go to the corporate side your better off quitting and reapplying!
People! I dont have a bad thing to say about anyone I work with  Pay is pretty good for a retail job  The customer interactions are also pretty good fun. If you have banter and smile and do your best to find the best solution for the customer you will find the work very rewarding.  Perks - Apple being Apple gives pretty generous discounts on products, it also offers a pension scheme to all staff, even those working 15 hours a week, as well as discounted stock.  environment - the stores are light and in some ways rather beautiful. Management would rarely micromanage and support you to do what you think is best.
High pay, interesting, great benefits
Awesome group of people. lots of talent. family oriented.
Job satisfaction, mentoring, fantastic management for younger workers, workload versus remuneration is very well matched.
* Great people * Good Salary * Benefits - Canteen - Gym - Health Care - Medical Center * Fantastic Training and Learning * Communication with Management * Social Life and Parties * Excellent Networking possibilities  Obviously Apple will look amazing on your CV and it will help you get your foot in the door for other companies as they are very well respected. So, be excited if they give you an interview.
People are great, company want to support you in any career experience you want to have, and the products sell themselves
excellent pay, staff discount, company reputation
Challenges makes it rewarding to work at Apple. Sense of achievement and never a dull moment. Job rotations are encouraged
working with amazing talent and congenial people.  Getting to help people on a daily basis.  Free Water Bottle for Christmas*.  (*warning - may represent ironic suggestion that Apple rewards its hard working employees with embarrassing and insulting "gestures" from time to time)
A very good companies great service
I am working for apple india as solution consultant for iPhone since last 8 month. I should say its Best place to work at in general. Apple employees are apple-holics.
Great coworkers, idolized product. The stores are iconic in both appearance and atmosphere. Uncapped learning potential. Tons of room to switch positions. The pay is fantastic.
The place is great for young people as well as the creative types. Most of your colleagues will either be from an art, music or media background, which is awesome for networking and being inspired. The environment pushes for excellence, which is also good if you have drive and are ambitious. A good experience for anyone
Product discounts. Candidates hired tend to be very Smart
It is a good opportunity to work for Apple. Apple is the best Consumer products company of the world. You get good benefits. There is nothing negatively to say about Apple itself.
Family oriented company, and managers really look after you.
Employee discount, Casual clothes EVERYDAY!, Prestige...
- Fantastic discounts on Apple products and occasionally 3rd party accessories -Work with wonderful and creative people -New product launches are exciting and fun days -Holiday celebrations internally
Decent pay, full benefits, even for part-timers
Stable, secure, established, great staff discount
Multinational environment Benefits Flexible working hours (depending on your role)
Think different (used to) Flexible work hours
Good pay when you reach top
Good colleagues, good working environment
The pros - Culture, support and product
Apple does an excellent job of recruiting people who are friendly, interesting, and conversationally engaging. The end result being that you're colleagues are a largely awesome group of people who you love working with.
Freedom, flexibility, wearing jeans, working on the most high-profile projects on the planet. Working with some of the best talent in business at the time. Launching products, hiring great people, and just seeing our products everywhere was great.
Great initial training, really interesting group of staff who are most often helpful and friendly. Nice accepting staff culture for the most part.
Good trainings provided, but very strict about time management. Being on the phone all day long can be very exhausting. Especially when I was level 2.
Fun place for work Good benefits Great product
They hire great people consistently, people you will befriend for a long time. The perks are amazing (just not for your wallet!) and the launch events are always memorable. There are opportunities to develop your career by switching roles and getting training, if you are good enough.
Great pay and culture with solid training resources. Great benefits package, ESPP plan and RRSP matching.
standard big company benefits, decent discounts on gadgets, 30% sunday shift bonus, 39 hours week
-People! Most people are great, passionate and really gifted. A great place to meet young talent and have fun. -Obviously the benefits
Great culture to do great work
Enthusiasts all around you, right on to the products and 'hands on' experience. Understanding and motivating leadership at Apple Retail UK.
Awesome Co-Workers and good benefits
- Great food  - Cali weather  - Focus on customer  - Engineers everywhere
- Good salary - They employ quite a specific type of person so it's easy to get on with the majority of other employees - Good discount on Apple products - Food/drinks supplied on special occasions - Quarterly meetings have a fun theme to them
- You'll be working with a group of great people – a great chance to make meaningful friends and connections.  - You'll meet interesting customers too, and along with this comes good opportunities for networking. It's how I, and a lot of people, got their next job.  - In most stores, when it isn't too busy, it can be laid-back and fun!  - Wages are good for retail, and benefits (in terms of discounts and health insurance) were pretty fantastic.  - You get to work with and learn about amazing, fun new technology. Or at least tell customers about it...  - You're never expected to do anything off-the-clock, including emails. Good work/life balance in this sense.
Great training, good colleagues and *some* good benenfits
Great development, lots of learning opportunities if you are driven to improve yourself.
New Technology Good Perks Benefits Team members can be informative and useful Customers can be fun to work with Management can be on your side sometimes
Fantastic products and interesting roles but flat organization resulting in limited career advancement opportunities. Could be mitigated by job rotations, however, limited opportunities provided to employees.
Career opportunities, as the business has been growing in Europe there's a lot of new roles. Working your way through from Specialist can be really tough but it is possible and you need to constantly perform at a high level. There are incredible people all around you and the standards are so high that I think many young people give up after a year or two because they expect instant promotion or a career on a plate.  Its a brand thats easy to be passionate about, the product quality is second to none and its not really like any other retail business. I think the biggest win for Apple Retail is the culture, it stands apart from Apple Inc because of a very specific people-focused credo and entrenched standards.
The people you work with and meet whilst woking
You can be very focus on your own responsibilities, so that you can have enough time and focus to make do it really good.
Benefits including health cover, life assurance, pension scheme and sick pay scheme according to contract of employment.
Flexible(ish) hours, decent salary + commission structure, pride in getting to say you work for Apple, decent employee discount for personal and friends/family, relative freedom in this position as you work largely on your own.
gets you out of your comfort zone. Things are always changing and you have to grow and evolve with it. Prepares you for many different situations whether its for work or personal.
Great place to work best place ever
You will get to help people in one of the most fair, committed and customer-friendly retail experiences on the planet. The products are fantastic, and the people you will work with, in the vast majority, are young, excited and motivated.
Salary was really good, but it took me some time to see that money won't buy happiness and contentment.
You get to tell people you worked for Apple. It does look good on a resume. You'll get some discounts on some cool products and possibly be able to go to Cupertino (if they REALLY like you)
Work with the besy and learn a lot
its a best it company
At Apple as an employee you feel important - the culture of feedback is central, and while you get great constructive feedback from the management team, you can also give it back, as well as sharing feedback with your fellow team members - and it is actually listened to! There is also ample room to grow for the right person, and if you work really hard it's quickly noticed and rewarded. The difficult application process and extensive training means you'll be working in a team of intelligent, creative and fun people and every day will be different.
Amazing people, positive work environment
good pay w.r.t other c++ employers, development in c++ , worked in data structures and algorithms and work is good and interesting ,
Interesting products, offering great future scope. Great conversations with clients who appreciated the value added for business. Personally engraved sign at desk..
every work is well organised over there
high pay,top company , nice infrastructure, free transport, nice co workers
Unlike previous retail jobs and especially in this store you are ALWAYS busy, which makes the time fly by. You meet some really interesting people from a variety of backgrounds who use Apple products. opportunity for promotion is there.
Working alongside with the smartest people in the industry.
creative and fun environment to work in
generally speaking, co-workers were great to work with, same with customers
Working in the retail stores is fast paced. You'll barely get a chance to breath and you'll learn a lot about yourself. Some of the career experiences are fantastic and you'll get exposure to lots of information and learn a lot about different areas of retail, training, B2B etc.
Some very smart and hard-working people Well-run (in California)
It's a great company with great culture. And you feel people in Apple full of energy, driving them to develop great product there
-Amazing People -Great for resume -Keeps you on your toes -Always in the know of new technology
gets you out of your comfort zone. Things are always changing and you have to grow and evolve with it. Prepares you for many different situations whether its for work or personal.
The people are all so friendly
Good Employer, not too restrictive, and understanding
Very high skilled inter personal people. The stores and offices are one of the best. Always keeping up people, who are well talented in their field.
- Leading "New Technology" company, just a great place to be at that time - Company philosophy and commitment - Flat organisation - Work place
Great colleagues, okay development, good training in competencies and personal development. Best possible discount on Apple products (still not that much). Best part is colleagues.
For a retail job it pays slightly higher then a clothing store
Gym, health screenings, employee purchase plans, equipment is top notch, on-site mailroom is handy. Culture is informal yet fast-paced, innovation encouraged
Apple is filled with people who strive to succeed and people that are always there to help. The office is extremely modern with an iPad controlled coffee machine. The discounts on the Apple products and benefits are extremely good.
Work with great educated people.
Apple has excellent benefits and a very competitive salary. It's a great place to work and the people are super smart. The culture is incredibly strong so if you're an apple person, you'll love it there.
none what so ever your a cog in a money making scheme with no chance of promotion, benefits, or anything i can think off
Rewarding, good pay considering the sector, great discount, meet some absolutely amazing people.
Competitive financial compensation, but you'll never be busier in your life. You will learn more about customer service and managing relationships than you ever have before.
Good colleagues and good working enviroment.
Great product, great people, great company
Most of the time it doesn't even feel like your working. Good pay. Great room for advancement. They really provide you with the sense that your part of something bigger. A company that communicates great internally. You will meet some amazing people working at Apple
It's a great experience to do , discounts and awards with Apple products, challenging job, and possibility to advance career if you are good of course
Friendships, culture and discounted products.
a very innovative, and intensive 13 day training process, good wage, excellent work environment.
Employees are provided with the most comfortable and amicable workplace and work environment.Every single employee is friendly and supportive
Good salary and nice office.
Real sense of achievement. Having been there a long time, seeing it grow from niche to global player was truly special
Great company to join if you're a hard worker, passionate about what you do, and want to develop new skills in a challenging yet friendly environment.
passionate and interesting colleagues. great work environment. generous perks.
Working at Apple truly does not feel like working at all. You are with people that truly love to be there and do not drag their feet in to work everyday. That feeling you get when spending time with family during a fun occasion or with friends at a party...this is what it feels like to work for and at Apple.
It is a globally trusted brand and have a very high value of its name.
Great coworkers with a wide range of backgrounds and experience. Possibility to gain insight into how a large and hugely successful retail organisation is built, specifically with the way in which Apple runs its business as it is considerably different in approach to many other high street retailers. Good advancement up to a point if you are willing to play the corporate game. Great up to a certain point but then if you really want to do anything beyond Retail you have to leave, which culminates in Apple losing their most promising staff.
The team you work with are a great, talented bunch if people. There is always a buzz and you're never bored.
Great people, active and fun atmosphere, flexible, will help you to develop, training is the best in the business.
good salary, benefit and good development
Co-workers, product discounts, occasional interesting client projects.
Excellent innovation, think out o the box culture
Great benefits, positive work-life balance, the employees tend to be interesting people who are passionate about their jobs, a company that is never content and constantly seeking new ways to innovate and be leaders in the industry.
Great environment to work in
Very flexible around my college class schedule. The people at Apple are great, always willing to help. Great communication with coworkers and management. Great tools for learning and doing your job better.
Great A-Players all around. Culture that is fast paced, demanding and laser focused on results forces you to perform to stay on top of your game. Great culture to be in.
good company. good environment good culture.
Benefits, work experience with Apple, potential to Advance.
Great benefits overall. Great corporate stewardship.
I have many of my friends over there
great company to work for
Fun, fast-paced environment. Great team spirit & diversity.
Other employees are amazing.! Great sense of teamwork and management is usually on your side and will defend you during a difficult situation. Pay and benefits are great as well.
they pay on time and the contract is regular
Good pay and great benefits.
great people, job opportunities and wages
I have enjoyed working for the past few years and have learnt quite a bit. Made good friends and will recommend this place to any of my friends.
Learned a lot about customer service
Nice working environment. Fantastic to have Apple name in the resume.
Great in terms of having Apple on your CV, as it is a prominent name in technology today. Great people that you work with, and a moderately good salary for retail.
One of the best companies in the world - very exciting to be a part of, and does wonders for CVs Chance to work with smart, interesting and motivated people Very friendly Also something new to learn Challenging
One is always learning new things whether hardware or software.
- Great benefits - Enriching journey - Amazing insight into the works of one of the best companies
Relentless commitment to design, quality, and user experience keeps everyone focused on doing the right thing.
Amazing experience, and great life skills that will be taught.
being around computers all day
Benefits of the employee yea
The work environment at Apple is really great. The company is responsive to employees and customers. They enjoy keeping talent and (within all means possible) do their best to retain people through great benefits and a stimulating career.
Excellent workplace Good working times Overall, most of the employee experience was good except for a few things here and there that could have been better. Discounts on Apple products.
Its because they have the mechanisms that they deserve to called a Huge Industry in related to Gadgets and Technologies.
- Excellent health benefits at a very decent cost. - Average to above average pay for position and it was full-time. - Work with exciting products. - They reimburse you for internet/phone. - You get a pretty nice iMac to use at your home for job functions. - Working from home (Can be a con as well, see below)
exciting products (it's never dull) highly regarded (your friends will be envious) good salary and benefits and perks
Comfortable working enviroment and considerable traning system.
great produrcts that truely work
You work with very interesting people who are totally committed to the company.
Great Creative talent. Nice people
- Certifications are paid for - Great for networking with people to find a new job - Non-mangers and customers are amazing - The company is great to work for if you are interesting in getting experience with various technical issues - Job security
Apple is a fantastic company, albeit going through some major transitions right now. - Great insurance benefits for full time and part time employees. - Good discounts and lifestyle benefits. - Positive atmosphere for the most part. - Apple only hires competent candidates, so you're on a team you feel good about. - There's lots of ongoing training. - New Career Experiences give Retail Employees the opportunity to explore new facets of the business.
Discounts were great, and met some really great people.
benefits, good pay (now), flexible hours
Pays pretty well for retail. Training (when you can get it) and opportunities (if you have a supporter) can be good. Products and services are outstanding.
pays more than your average retail place. The employee discount is REALLY generous too. Considerably laid back environment compared to other retail jobs.
Great benefits, if you are on time and don't steal you really don't need to worry about losing your job.
Great Company to work with....Lots to learn
Changing people's lives is amazing
- Fantastic pay, fantastic hours and a great management structure. - Staff were trusted and were able to enjoy the freedom of the internet while doing their work.
- Great benefits - Always learning cutting edge technologies - comfortable work environment and culture
Lots of new technology, fairly easy to navigate, and not a lot of bureaucracy in a lot of ways. Good pay, good benefits. Lots of fun, smart people there.
I currently work at Apple and I been working for past 1 year and half. It's been a great experience with great part-time benefit and support you receive.
Apple prides itself on hiring the best people for every store location. It's fun, always busy and the folks there are pretty happy.
the touch, the touch flow
Great benefits, overall good working environment (for retail), training opportunities, internal promotions
treat employees excellently, healthcare, onsite wellness programme and canteen are unmatched. Hiring process and induction are excellent a really positive and energetic work environment.
Great people you work with, even better demographic of customer. I'm supposed to enter a 20 word minimum this is on giving.
Working in a true team - there has never been the most satisfying Customer Service ever
The people that work here are generally great and the products are awesome. Pay is decent for a retail job.
Dynamic environment. Good team, good products.
Nobody is selfish and you get lots of help from people in there. Besides, its one of the most recognised brands in the world and it'll definitely look good on any resume.
Great health insurance and pay. Not a hard job.
You will work with the best technology and the best team out of any retailer. You are given the authority to make the right calls for your customer at any time.
Fast paced, for anyone willing to put heart and soul into their work. The products and the strategies of Apple can lead to challenges, but the air of mystery around the company brings a certain unique and exciting feel to belonging to the Company that has changed the face of IT.
Great people, and atomosphere made for a great experience.
amazing people amazing company understanding of their employees needs
For the most part, fantastic co-workers, very highly skilled, and intelligent. Engaging work environment with lots of possibilities.
The reward of gaining really solid management experience is evident in all facets of Apple. You will learn how to be a leader in ALL fields, not just the one you technically occupy. Add to that the diverse an amazing people you work with and get to meet everyday, and it is one heck of a positive experience.
Great fun always enjoy my job there is never something i and upset about, I also love the apple products
You get to work with really smart people who are driven to succeed. They pay you really well and care about you.
very good company to work
its a big co & famous for its product good
opportunity to grow at your own pace, no pressure, no commission or sales targets. Mangers are open to feedback of any kind, from any employee.
If you love to be busy and never bored than this place is for you. If you’re someone who enjoys interacting with a diverse crowd and a variety of cultures you will love Apple. If you enjoy some of the technology it’s even better. If you aren’t into tech you’ll still enjoy working there. Also receiving free software is a great add on. You must be a go-getter to fully enjoy a Specialist position at Apple and have a ton of patience and think quickly on your feet. The compensation was also great for Retail.
Customer focused with world class products and service - great place to work.
Apple has a great environment and do really care about their employees. Not always in Salary but more in working conditions, entertainment and contests between team.
Some of the best reasons to work at apple are the people, the culture, and upward mobility. At Apple they usually hire some of the brightest funniest people that you will ever meet. Everybody there takes pride in their roles and work. For a retail job there is a lot of room for personal development and growth. I cannot stress the last part enough, there is so much room for growth.
Fun, good managers, casual atmosphere  The company has a great HR team that will work around your schedule to ensure that you are satisfied at work and ensure a good work-life balance
Very good job satisfaction, high performing stocks, challenging work.
great people to work with, great products and happy atmosphere Train staff and let you grow on the job, also give decent staff discounts
Stock rocks and keeps getting better
Apple stands out in terms of retail jobs. You have the ability of doing some great things and having great experiences which you do not have the ability of doing elsewhere.
It's second to Google. Depending on the department you report to, depends on your happiness.
everything you will see here is the best you can ever get
Great co-workers, interesting customers, clean workplace, friendly atmosphere, access to the latest tech - and most of all, getting the chance to help people make good decisions about how technology can fit into their lives
Fantastic benefits with a work environment that breeds a certain connection between team members, with most of the management team being competent enough to work with you on most issues.
Brilliant colleagues, excellent benefits, fantastic environment
Over time you really to see the superiority of the products and software. They hire fantastic people, so work is always fun.
Great people, and great pay for retail.
Benefits are great, learn a lot about yourself and personal limits/what you can do, working for Apple is kind of like working with one big family - you have an amazing network of people around you.
Awesome Products. Great benefits. Very beneficial to have on your resume.
Everyone wants to hear about your day Surrounded by talent Always something happening which can be excited Great employee discounts Great employee share scheme You get the opportunity to be yourself
Great products and listening to positive stories from customer's experiences with Apple.
- Working on great products with very talented people is very rewarding - Employees get a lot of responsibility and ability to get great experience quicker
fun, nice people, easy going
Growing company with plenty of opportunities.
Great benefits, decent discounts, mostly intelligent coworkers, fun environment to work. Very good training program that continues well into employment.
The most innovative products and company in the world.
Great management and team to work with. Apple does take care of its employees and the benefits are great.
Good environment to work in, fantastic people and culture, no pressure to make a sale
fantastic team, really energetic and passionate, managers who really look out for you there are some amazing opportunities if you want to make retail your career and even if you don't
I worked in 4 stores. Apple Retail gives you the opportunity to learn how to communicate with infinite personality types on a daily basis. You will learn how to relate to people that are nothing like you. The atmosphere forces you to come out of your shell and learn how to make small talk. These soft skills are very useful when you move on.
this is very suitable for the apple mac
Fresh enthusiasm keeps an Apple retail location going, and there was no shortage of new faces enthusiastic to share the Apple experience with customers.
Great benefits package. We have the ability to use some of our time to develop ourselves in any area of the store that we see ourselves a fit for. With constant new positions opening up at the stores, it allows you to continually grow within the company, and even many higher positions at Corporate.
Awesome benefits and depending on your store leader you can have a lot of control over your work life and career.
- Amazing coworkers - Get to play and fix the newest toys - Meet interesting people (customers)
Best retail job in the market. Great benefits for full/part-time employees. Great work environment and co-workers. Cool management.
It's Apple - everyone wants to work here. Saying you are an Apple employee gives you an elitist persona.
Products are amazing and they are some great people who work there
Working with cool people. A direct line of communication with management. Freedom to grow at your own pace.
Can't think of any really. I suppose having any job is better than being unemployed - but then again maybe not.  There were discounts on Apple products for those into Apple's gadgets - but that wasn't me.
Networking opportunities with other companies within the retail store
-Great job in the retail sector -Decent starting pay in Manhattan -Will meet lots of interesting people
Lot of passion amongst people. Lot of young enthusiastic people.
store discounts stock options various roles free t-shirt
- "Truly changing the world" level work..
Best reason to work there are the people. Colleagues and customers are amazing and the products you deal with daily are irresistible. Pay is not sales based so your under no pressure to sell sell sell
Great job security. Employee headcount increases each year.
Incredible products, passionate people, and a stimulating environment.
very easy to improve your career and to talk to anyone there.
Great working environment and benefits
Gives the opportunities to grow in terms of career and knowledge. A fun place to work at with a soothing atmosphere.
Challenging, dynamic, ever-changing, diverse work environment. Everyday you go to work, you go in thinking you're ready. The moment you hit the floor, you realize time and time again, there's no way you can truly prepare for what comes at you. You just gotta work hard
this may contains a benefit's to your life...
Excellent on the job training. Constant opportunities to upgrade. No egos, approach anyone at anytime about anything. When the internal tools are working, they are second to none. Suggest a great idea, no reason it won't get implemented. Focus on repairing relationships not just repairing technology.
Discounts are good, the group of people you work with are fun, and the customers (for the most part) are a blast.
absolute well known brand, but brand is not enough
Good Products to sell and share
Great products, concepts, values and thinking. Good benefit plan. Top environment in some locations. A very good school to grow to senior postions afterwards
I worked in the Apple Retail store. I got to interact with customers all while being surrounded by things that I love. It was great.
-Plenty of room for growth and development -Very good pay (especially with the recent raise) -Health, vision and dental benefits at good rates. -401k options and stock purchase plan are excellent. -Fun, constantly evolving environment -Surrounded by highly intelligent and creative co-workers -Management is extremely supportive and approachable (store-specific) -Low-stress environment as far as selling goes
Oppurtunity to grow. Excellent pay. Benefits internal & external. The people who work their are always so much fun to work with and become life long friends. Management actually cares about you and your thoughts & opinions on how to make the store a better place for you and the customer experience. Quarter meetings are nothing like your typical job! :)
very good had amazing time
interesting products, great co-workers, BUT it is retail
Good friendly work environment, good salary, high enery, exciting, new technology , agile environment, not too high pressure environment, work hard play hard environment
Mostly young, intelligent, degree-holding co-workers.
its number 1 nd its product are no. 1 in the whole world
Great job to have must work here
Great benefits, decent salary, smart people, great products, and a lasting feeling of doing something great. It just feels good to work here. Systems and internal processes are designed well and are constantly improved. As a Genius, it's great to feel like you're helping people every day.
Culture is really great there
good enviornment and great atmosphere
- The world's best management team is motivated to build the best products in the world. Nothing less. - Talented and humble employees that are willing to lend a helping hand. - Working on cutting edge technology innovations
wonderful work environment, new learnings every time,challenging and exiting role, great team and best product
--Employee discounts are awesome, both from third party companies and Apple. --401k matching of 3% of your 6% --Health/dental/vision is great --Employee stock purchase plan
stable company, great products. decent discounts
Lots of great benefits Focus on Development Other employees are amazing to work with Ongoing Training
-Great Managment -Great People -Good Compensation -Great Product
- Working with amazing, brilliant, intelligent and funny people. Apple can afford to be extremely selective in the hiring process, and it shows in the caliber of the people they employ. - The pay is far above average for retail. - Part time employees are eligible for benefits. - Great discounts on Apple products as well as some third party products and services. - Good environment for learning technical skills and troubleshooting - Apple looks great on your resume.
great products and good atmosphere
Training and development with growth opportunity.
Great place to work with lots of smart and motivated people. Great benefits but low paying salaries for non-management positions in retail.
Software benefits, cool employees, GREAT Health benefits
Good pay Fun coworkers Lots of toys
high energy. Learn something new everyday. As far as retail goes, the benefits don't get any better. People you work with are great people.
you get some great benefits and competitive pay. Moving on to ANY other job - mentioning apple is almost a guarantee in.
They have a pretty decent employee discount.
- Stocks has rised so high that some people can't leave the company to get all the ESPP/RSU benifits
fast pace environment to work in
Professional environment. Lots of freedom/flexibility.
Networking with customers, diverse coworkers who are truly inspiring to work with, discounts and health care
The products, people and room for growth is amazing. They empower you to make a decision, and support you almost all of the time.
selling the cool gadgets at the store.
Great people, great atmosphere, products you can believe in. A job you can li Iove, not just trudge to each day.
Great pay, benefits, and supportive management.
Benefits, culture, chance to move up. The discounts are great and you actually have the customers best interest in mind.
Employees highly valued, work on a team with a diverse group of people, great benefits, excellent training, support from leadership
Amazing group of highly talented, motivated, diverse individuals. Obviously, the products are superior, so having the ability to be hands on daily with them was great.
Awesome Products good facilities relaxed atmosphere good colleagues high holiday balance good benefits employee assistance program good possibility for promotion support for personal development (study)
Exciting place to work for. Offers opportunities to grow professionally.
At Apple you are empowered to do the right thing. For the customer, for the company and for yourself. They make it easy if you are competent, empathetic and motivated.
You work with amazing people who are very talented and intelligent. You can also develop a broad base of skills. The culture pushes you to learn more.
The company has Exciting products The company is financially healthy There are numerous growth opportunities There are Good benefits
• Product discounts. • Working with selected - brilliant people. • Good retail environment compared other companies.
Enthusiastic and passionate peers about the company. Management definitely looks to satisfy its employees on an individual basis and make sure all of your needs are being met.
I joined Apple because I wanted to be part of something bigger than myself. Part of team and community. I wanted to be stimulated intellectually and wanted an emotional connection to a brand. I had all of that for the first three years I was there. I was inspired by my leaders and in turn could inspire my team. We were in it together. :)
Its fun, and diverse and you get to see a lot of the world, depending on your role. Autonomous working style and dealing with wonderful products and people ....very motivational working environment.
At Apple we are constantly being encouraged to better ourselves through training and educational reimbursement programs. Apple takes great care choosing it's employees which results in amazing teams of people which are greatly diversified but yet extremely cohesive.
For a retail job they paid well and offered great benefits. For the most part the people hired are fun to work with.
1. Excellent people 2. Exciting products
The staff is great. The Apple culture is friendly, great, and overall just fun to be around. There is room for growth within the company and I strongly recommend it.
They have amazing hourly pay, great benefits, great discounts, and a very fun place to work at with constant business.
Pride in your work, incredible challenges, phenomenal culture, great people, good food, many special events, discounts, terrific benefits options. It feels great to be excited about going to work everyday.
The Product are Magical, the customers are so often Apple addict if you like Apple product you will enjoy working in there.
Pay vacation health retirement sick
Overall, it is a fun place to work because there is always a huge buzz in the environment based on customer excitement about the projects. The management is good for the most part and they help you get better at your job if you want to improve.
Co-workers are great. Customers are great.
Great & latest technology Managers who really know how to work with people and are professional. A lot of training time to make employees equipped with all the right tools they need for the job. The best standards for communication and constructive feedback are implemented. Awesooome benefits - even for part timers!
They have good food and the people are nice to me. There are nice bosses. I get to play with cool stuffs
The pride of working for the most admired company. Great products and care for employees.
fast paced and fun great place to make friends constant change and training plenty of room to grow very satisfying customer interactions Focused training on being the best at customer service
Great opportunities for growth and avancement
You will work with the most amazing people you have ever met. Fast paced and lively.
Constant learning Great co-workers Busy most of the time Nice benefits (even for part-time) Casual dress code Opportunities to take on additional roles (downside = without pay upgrade)
The people I work with are fascinating, upbeat, and downright fun people. There is little down time, so you're busy all day but it makes the time go by quickly.
Job security, fun new technology, great employee purchase plans, stock purchase plan, roth 401k, decent health insurance although it is going up and up every year. fun diverse group of people to work with. a tad bit "glamorous" to work at Apple even though everyone is shocked when you tell them your salary.
The atmosphere is fun and exciting. The culture is the most positive culture I've have the pleasure of being a part of.
Great products, exciting atmosphere, diverse customers, many wonderful people to work alongside, and occasionally great people to work under.
People and life there are very nice. You can learn a lot through working there with them. They are all willing to help you. (internship)
-Good money for doing very little -Interesting people to work with -40hrs work week, nothing more -good benefits -retail politics
Opportunity to move to different departments No dressing rules Nice environment
-Great Pay -Benefits are amazing -Management Team are very knowledgeable and want you to succeed -Flexible work hours -Great team partners
Apple has an excellent hiring process, so generally your co-workers are great people who you actually want to be around. There are a few exceptions, but that's life. You get wicked benefits like stock purchase options, decent insurance, etc. Relaxed dress-code, and a lot of freedom when you're out on the floor to spend time with customers and give people a good experience.
Great benefits, awesome people and huge room for personal growth and advancement with the right attitude and work ethic.
-The title and the prestige of working for "Apple". -Generally, a decent work environment, (though this is diminishing rapidly as the company has grown over the last couple years). -Decent pay (considering it is a "retail" job). -Opportunities for personal growth and knowledge enrichment. (training is emphasized initially, though the company's expectations exceed their commitment to ongoing training). -Generally great people to work with, though I have noticed a recent decline in employee morale.
Great group of people that come from diverse backgrounds... You can learn a lot about the products, on a day to day basis. If you love Apple, this is the place to be at.
- employee discount - fair treatment - advancement opportunities within the company - various cultures - lots of traveling - met a lot of cool people
Benefits, great people , discounts, job security
Its a great environment to work in. Your coworker are great and the will help you get acclimated with ease. Management is understanding and they act more as friend with constructive feed back than managers. The company is really about personal development and help you becoming a better person because that's what will generate the highest ROI. Your people skills and communication skills will see a dramatic increase because you have to interact with so many different people from different backgrounds. How do you teach a 78 year only women how to make beats on Logic Pro? Its interesting and you'll have fun at work.
Technology driven, great energy, great and diverse workforce
Awesome coworkers and products Great perks Learn alot
management, co-workers, hours, pay, changing lives day by day
The brand is top notch. The people are friendly. The products are fun to play with. Not sure what else.
friendly and innovative environment to work for
Over, working at Apple Retail is an awesome experience. The training is fantastic and really thorough, the management are supportive and provide feedback constantly, and the people you work with are (for the most part) fun and easy-going. It can get crazy in the store at times because it's usually super packed with customers, but the facilities and processes that Apple has in place make it easy to get things done faster, simpler, and more efficient.
Innovation, The Apple Shuttle, Apple gym and Cafe Macs
Fun place to work Meet lots of cool people Part time benefits are very generous Great flexibility (for part timers anyway) Decent salary for retail Annual raises for good reveiw
Great Leadership. Flat org. Always working with the "A" level people in whatever discipline. It was well stabled there was a true caring for the lives and balance of work life here.
Organized structure for retail environment Great Discounts Free software Fun co-workers Flexible schedule
Loved the customer interaction. Loved my coworkers.
- Great products and no commission. So we could be honest to make sales - Extraordinary team workers. Always here to help and step up. Great technical skills also. - The Apple Fame - A few discounts as employee
The desire to educate people about technology in a way that meets their needs is unparalleled. The use of technology to streamline customer service is outstanding. The people who work for Apple really do want to "change the world."
- Wear anything you want - Family & friends feel proud for you - Helpful colleagues - Good health programmes & gym
The culture was was amazing. Everyone saw the vision the company created and wanted others to see the same vision through the product that was offered.
Average pay and benefits 25% employee discount
cool products at every six months keep employees busy and excited. cross functional cowork allows for seeing out of the box view points.
Product value, innovation, leader in his market.
Fun and excitement when it cOmes to looking into the future
friendly atmosphere great leadership employee recognition equal opportunities for advancement
You will work with a lot of fantastic people. Benefits are excellent and customers are, for the most part, great. You will learn a lot, have a lot of fun but probably never go very far. Apple retail is not a career except maybe for managers.
Feedback system is incredible! At Apple your voice is heard and people genuinely care! The managers are there to support and help us progress based on our indivual goals! If you're ard working and passionate about enriching lives, this is the best job!
The job roles and work is enormously enjoyable. You get discounts on Apple stuff Your colleagues will be brilliant Apple is great to have on your CV
Money, product knowledge, knowing internal procedures
-Benefits: I was a part of the College Program, so we worked 20 hours minimum and still get good benefits because we are under Corporate -Work at home. Yes, we do work out of home, although that is a bit of a con as well. -Apple Brand Name: except when you say you work for Tech Support.
You meet a lot of new people, you are around some of the best technology and up to date all the time.
unforgettable retail experience, chance to learn top of the range retail solutions, very creative environment
Decent pay for retail. Its fun to play with Apple products all day. Decent Discount. Okay benefits. Most co-workers are pretty cool to work with.
Great people, Great Product, Extremely friendly coworkers, and stellar customer service. I would recommend this job to College students and Artsy types.
- Excellent knowledge base - Good benefits and perks - Competent people - Good place to learn, good college job
Unique company culture, actually effective in daily business. Pride in what we do and how we do it. A lot human thinking and knowledge —positive values— go in our products. It can be truely beautiful. A lot to learn from the ability this company has to focus and to stick to a direction.
It was magnificent to get an inside perspective for the development of all these great gadgets that Apple is credited for.
great wage, and fun environment to work for. discounts, job security, great benefits
great products, forward thinking, good people
It really is a very fun place to work. Apple is growing like crazy and it is exciting to be part of that growth.
decent pay, you get the opportunity to meet lots of great people, learning experience, good life work balance, management really seems to care, catered events, fun team
Coworkers are typically fun people. Good outlet for creativity. Managers give you good deal of autonomy in your work. Not bad.
Fun atmosphere and interesting people, very clean and organized, friendly coworkers and enthusiastic management as well as diverse experiences every day
It's a work with a good pay, a lot of benefits (discount, mobile phone, computer, ecc.) and (if lucky) with a good team.
- You work with awesome people - Salary and benefits are great - You can have a great carreer - The products are amazing
Apple is an exciting place, and certainly was when Steve was active and involved. It was a good boost to the ego to be known as the brightest and the best. The financial reward is also great - the salary and stock options, combined with the ESPP opportunity, can lead to a very good compensation package.
Good fun positive nice people
It is Apple. Getting to work with and help customer with the best technology created on Earth.
Passionate people Job security Personal development Discounts Professional development Great benefits
Where else can you regularly work on products lusted after by so many people? Great opportunity to have a real impact.
If you have to work retail, I'd highly recommend Apple Retail over the drone services at other electronics stores and other retail outlets...just not as much excitement or that type of personality.
good for a career path
Great products and great growth ( applies more to us employees as corporate growth in Canada is very limited)
The free shirts, the discounts, the part time benefits. The apple store is a perfect part time position, the company truly does care about its employees and makes sure that the employees are well trained to handle decisions normally left to managers.
There are some real opportunities for rapid growth at Apple. There really is. That makes this job, in my opinion, the best retail experience you can have. I came into Apple without ANY retail experience and I'm now confident enough with it that I really could take on any kind of retail sales experience. If you enjoy staying busy, being surrounded with questions coming from many different ways and being part of a company that has arguably the most in-demand technology in the world, Apple is an amazing place to work. With that said, it's a tough place to leave because people end up getting so emotionally connected to the benefits of working for such a profitable, growing and family-oriented company. I love every minute of it.
Better pay than most retail Discount on great products Opportunities to move to different roles Healthcare and Dental Flexible hours for students
work life balance not the case
Exciting environment. Company is currently thriving. Lots of opportunity for advancement. Start-up oriented work environment
Everything is great! I love working
Just a few good words to describe Apple Retail: Fun, Products, Friends, Flexibility, Understanding, Compassion, Learning Opportunity, Benefits, Relocation, Discounts.
There are many exciting products born at Apple, and they are truly an industry leader. If you are a fan of the products it is really interesting to see the development of an idea into a game changing product.
The company as a whole focuses on the needs of the customer better than any other retail company. The products are solid products and work well. Apple acknowledges that their products are more expensive than the base products from other companies, but the performance from Apple's products are exceptionally better. They provide extensive training in their hardware and software products.
Working at Apple retail offers people the chance to share their love of Apple products and actually enrich people's lives. The model of fair compensation, without comission, allows workers to focus on meeting customers' needs above all else.
Opportunities to learn, great product, great people
You get to learn about the products before anyone else. You get to play with gadgets and test things early. Its also fun helping people.
The technology, the innovation, the experience
the people are amazing, when I'm at Apple I feel more at home than I do at my own house. Everyone is accepting and from the start acts like they've known you for years. I automatically feel as if I had a place there, and I can't envision working anywhere else after my experience at Apple.
because its the most greenest company among all computer / gadget stores.
The management team is by far the best I have ever worked with. Your coworkers are some incredibly interesting people, and you are constantly surrounded by the energy and excitement of both customers and employees.
When you work at Apple, you are working with some of the most talented and fun people in the industry. Management trains you well so you are prepared for almost any circumstance that may arise. The work environment is great and management listens to your requests.
I work at a vendor site which is a good place to work. The oay is good and the hours are nice.
they have an amazing community built there, with wonderful people and products as well as great incentives, and a push to always better yourself.
If you like people and want to change the way technology is looked at every, this is a good job for you.
opportunities, people, relationships, interactions, support
The best thing about working at Apple is the ability to be who you are. Your uniqueness can shine and you can be the best you. Everyone strives to help each grow as better workers and individuals. There isn't a stupid questions and managers motivate you to ask so you can learn. The relationships you build within Apple feels like you've been developing them for years!
The people behind the customer service. Those of us who go into work every day to help Apple customers find the most benefit from their products.
the staff is all motivated as they enjoy what they work around. it creates great working enviroment and makes life alot easier day by day.
We have the choice to do whatever it takes to make the customer satisfied. We can go above and beyond!
Quite simply, it is an amazing company to work for and it is unlike any other. It's like working with and for your friends and work is actually something to look forward to.
Apple is the leader in creating innovative and unrivaled products that keep you coming back for more. Great place for long-lasting electronic devices.
people think you're cool when you say you work for Apple.
Healthcare for part-time employees that have worked for +6 months, stock options, and the feeling of being needed by customers makes the experience differ from other retail positions.
Atmosphere. Awesome coworkers who are knowledgeable.
Apple has great teams. Folks respect each other and also management demands a lot from its employees. That si how co has succeeded. !
fearless feedback, opportunity for growth, great facilities, product passion
it is a great team
salary, opportunities, team and benefits
Keep produce new ideas, new products. Keep creative and learning new technology.
reputation, innovation, top employer, great products
Good pay for a retail sales job. great co workers, awesome company, it feels like a privilege.
Health benefits, paid time off, stock purchase plan, flexible schedule
They have great benefits, discounts on products, health, and stock purchase plans. Management want to help you exceed in the company, but only so far.
Great Job. A lot of fun and I learn something new every day. I also perform small miracles every 5 minutes. There is never a dull moment, the people are great, highly intelligent, a mix of many backgrounds, and easy to get along with. Management in my store is top notch. I am think I am lucky to have this type of leadership.
great training, good challenges, wide variety of opportunities if you want to stay and put in the time to pursue them, and make a career of it.
Craziness in the Apple Store
The company practises the ideals and values it preaches. Its a company you can believe in. Its kind of a corporation revolution, a movement to change the way corporations conduct business and treat individual customers and employees. It aims to care for each individual employee and customer more so than any other corporation I have worked for. Paid well enough to take the issue of money off the table so people can concentrate on giving their best effort. Company trusts you, gives you the right tools and the space to let you do what you need to do to get the best result. Its a breeding ground for creativity and brilliance because there is an unspoken pride in employess, no sense of oppression, encouraged to show off your colours. Very few people here that are not focused. Management is chosen very carefully, usually the best in their field with a natural people management talent. No managers you would rather avoid here. 20 different positions open at any one time, always room to move onto bigger and better things if you fancy it. Free VHI, stock options, discounts on products, large discounts on everything from other companies. If you're not qualified, Apple will train you, company will bend backwards to facilitate college by night. I think the most satisfying thing for me personally is that I feel empowered to do my job properly and I can really help people. I feel appreciated, I feel my work is appreciated and rewarded. I feel like Apple cares in general. Apple hires people who care and go on caring. Work atmosphere is perfect as a result. I plan to stay and progress my career in the company, while doing college by night. It would take an extradinary job offer to make me walk away from this company, this movement.
Fast paced environment, nice modern surroundings, all the latest gadgets to play with, feedback given at all times, the days go quick.
My co-workers have taught me much more than some of my professors at college. The benefits are great even for part time employees. Also, there are a lot of good looking people, tons of eye candy.
It's a cool place to work with a lot of interesting and talented people.
Amazing benefits, some of the most interesting people you'll ever meet work for Apple. The culture is unlike anything I've ever seen before and if you have a good management team you WILL love your job.
Imagine: Creative atmosphere coupled with a rush to the finish while keeping a laser focus on quality and you have a feel for what it's like to work for Apple.
Shares, but now they have peaked its not worth working at Apple. Gadgets, but they are so cheap they don't even give staff iPhone 4.
Best people to work with  Innovative in every sense
Good employer and employees relationship
Great amount of resources available to employees, job is challenging and keeps people motivated To dotheir best. Flexibility to keep work-life balance
Great products. Great Vision. Great Stock
The job was extremely easy to perform the tasks at hand. As long as you know your Apple products, its the easiest job in the world
The people I worked with were amazing and I made life-long friends. The discounts are great. The Apple Camp T-shirts are nice too. The acting manager was awesome.
You will enjoy working with Apple, as it is the best place to work. Excellent package and benefits with good career growth.
Cool products, great customers, great interaction.
Brand name most people know! Products are AWESOME!
Bar none best employee training with a true emphasis on creating a real positive difference in customer lives and products that have no equal
Being able to work for Apple already means something. It is a great name to put on your resume.
The products, the people, the culture, the atmosphere, the experiences you get to participate in, and the resume building is awesome.
Really supportive work environment filled with many like minded people who enjoy the products that they sell.
Amazing coworkers, management is friendly, open, and understanding, no dress code (aside from the blue shirt)!!!! blue hair ok, tattoos and piercings ok, you can be yourself and you are encouraged to be!
Apple takes care of its employees. Full time workers receive health benefits, all employees are offered stock options and very good prices on previous generation apple products. You are also very busy which helps make a 9 hour shift go by very fast. Free training on device repair and apple software.
Really great people for the most part. I met some great friends. The discount was ok I guess but that is not much of a perk especially when we can't get an iPad discount for 6 months after the product was released. The training was good and I learned a lot about Apple products. Good benefits if you can get management to put you as full time and get them. Freedom to have your own style. Great technology for training and of course Easy Pays. People think its cool that you work for Apple.
Management is transparent and very friend, great colleagues, pleasant work environment in which you encouraged to be who you are.
apple is a friendly and relax environment.
Great co-workers, great management, great products, happy customers
Comprehensive training and target market information helped greatly enhance job performance.
I really liked working at apple. I had a great time with lots of friends I made and friends I made.
I have a very pleasent atmosphere
I was able to sell some of the most exciting tech products while working with a fantastic group of people who became my close friends.
benefits and awesome coworkers. perks and discounts are plentiful too.
Apple on a corporate level is an amazing company. They have great ideas and great plans for the future. ultimately it's a good company depending on what store you work at
A very open, caring, and wonderful place to work. The thing that I like the most about my job at Apple is definitely the people I get to work with.
Great Products and support staff
You work with some incredible people who make your work seem like it isn't work at all. You get to experience all different walks of life in regards to people walking through the doors.
great benefits, work team, great staff, great working environment, great salary, everything about apple is improved compared to other companies-
You get hands-on experience with some of the most revolutionary technology this would has to offer. Also the people are the best.
All your needs from food to hair cuts will be taken care
Innovative, young and motivating environment. Apple is a good place to work if you're looking for a top company level!
great work place to work
people person oriented very accomodating
The discounts! Not only are the internal discounts pretty sweet, but the discounts available to us outside the store as well is pretty awesome.
Great benefits, good pay.Clean work place
brand, nice looking office, product discount for staff
- benefits are far out better in any companies I was in - work/life balance is satisfactory - give importance to family - people are good to work with
At Apple you are always in an exciting environment. The stores are ever changing and Apple develops its people more so than just teach tasks.
Great products, generally nice people, competition between sales staff is less than at other retail locations, good compensation for people who have been there for a while, management wants to make customers happy
You get to work on some of the best products being created. Compensation and room for growth is very good.
It is a store that is on the cutting edge, filled with people who are passionate about Apple products. A very encouraging, family like environment. Many places say that, but Apple is one of the few places where this is true.
Salary,Benefits, Flexibility, Training, Education
Amazing products, superb brand recognition. It's exciting to work with a company that is at the top of it's game and leading the field in such a great product space.
Apple is an amazing company, with cutting edge products, unparalleled customer service focus and a place that cultivates a family atmosphere. Very enjoyable working environment.
This is a good place to work if you like Apple products and dealing with people all day long. You have to be pretty good with people as the store gets quite busy.
Apple is an amazing company with a very successful management. Innovation is at the heart of all decisions. Successful organisation. And great products.
Unique culture, Innovative, exciting, attention to detail, challenging, consumer focused, excellent executive team, rewarding, working with smart people and focused managers.
They are a great company to work for. They make you think outside the box and work hard all the time.
High pace, high energy, change is the norm. Working for a successful company is exillaratimg. Proud of what we do and how we do it. A strong identity, hence clear directions. Room to express yourself. Clever and motivated people. And my kids love the Apple T-shirts.
Great pay for retail regardless of hours and position. Great access to company benefits and programs, as well as stellar employee discounts and options. Decent people to work with. Always something new each day and a experience never quite the same each time around
Everyting is very good so far.
Well-known brand, good pay and benefits
Great environment and coprorate cutlure
Friendly, buzzing atmosphere good people to work with
Benefits. Fun people. Good learning environment.
The people. Your coworkers are by far the number one reason to work at Apple. Honest, hard working, fun, intelligent, quirky.
Great people. Great environment. Lot's of opportunity for advancement. Tons of support from the management team as well as respect for our thoughts and opinions.
Overall, the employees are very nice, very smart, and very dedicated. There's an optimistic spirit. You feel like you're a part of something, particularly during product launches. Look around and you'll find some development opportunities through brown bag lunches and employee development offerings. Seek out mentors. But know your boundaries, too.
Casual dress code, learn a lot about the products
Some managers are nice and knowledgeable.
Work with great technology Sr. Management truly believes in products and services Dynamic work environment Great benefits, even for part timers Some flexibility in roles in store Excellent training strategies
Meeting some amazing people Bragging rights Apple on your CV really does open doors, I can't lie.
Rock star-like products & CEO Top notch innovative people Excellent product strategy
Cutting edge products, enormous global footprint, industry leader.  Diverse team, some very talented like-minded individuals.  Fast paced, skills-intensive, fosters personal growth.  Excellent benefits compared to other full time retail.
Ability to work on cutting edge technology. Offers great learning experience with some of smartest people around. Not buried with corporate policies and hence, encourages new ideas and innovation.
You work for Apple. People think it's cool, and it looks impressive on a resume. I loved almost everyone that I worked with. You need to have a certain attitude to work at Apple, and if you fit in then you just fit in. Don't get me wrong though--although they do look for a certain attitude, our team was very diverse. I met so many interesting people there, and i still keep in touch with many of them. Pay was pretty good compared to other mall jobs. Discounts here are okay but not amazing, though the free MobileMe account is definitely nice if you own multiple Apple products.
If you are an engineer, this is the place to be! Apple values engineering and technical skills way more than most other companies in the valley.
Apple Discount, AT&T Discount, Being around other enthusiasts
Great staff, Great management, Awesome atmosphere, Management very understanding about scheduling needs (ie: school, personal), Close knit store, Regular store meetings to keep everyone on the same page.
The people, environment, and advancement opportunity at Apple is very high. They create an atmosphere that encourages innovation. I recommend it.
These times are gone, but then, it was a great opportunity to learn so much about the industry and how to manage a growing company.
Amazing benefits Respect of peers Good work/life balance Great management Interesting projects to work on Awesome coworkers Perks, discounts, and other amenities
Exciting work environment Management is unbelievably flexible for college students and understanding Something new and exciting happens just about every day
Innovative products, great engineering teams, decent pay and benefits, high focus on quality of the products, fast paced and great company overall.
Motivating to work with interesting products, nice location, working on modern computers, casual feel- everyone comes to work in jeans. Challenging work, convivial work environment with high performance expectations
your friends think you have a really good job, and people envy you when you say you work at apple
i love working at apple because they are a good place to work at. they give good benefits and a great option of growth
I thoroughly enjoy the job and great perks.
Everything they offer to their employees
Good People Great Place to work
Good work ethics, Enhanced technical development,
Possibility to move anywhere in the company
I'm proud to work at Apple. It has very high visibility, wonderful products, great and hard working employees, and a friendly atmosphere.
Cool people. Very diverse. Rewarding to help people use technology to better their lives.
Great products, cool company campus.
Prestige, cool products, young employees make it more bearable. The pay is pretty good, they have unlimited resources and drop cash like you wouldn't believe.
Fast paced fast days In high Demand Personal Growth Great environment
Innovative Cutting edge Fast paced Exciting Flexible schedule Diverse staff and customers Most interesting customers - fabulous if you are a people person!
They really do seem to hire the absolute best people you can find. Everyone is genuinly nice, and very talented in their own way. The amount of knowledge you gain is astounding, and a lot of unique and cool opportunities to take advantage of compared to other retail jobs. Also being able to do things that you enjoy outside of work as part of your job is a bonus.
Access to the latest technology.
Your continually surrounded by competent people and the latest and greatest
I believe in the products sold by Apple. Apple has capitalized on my expertise to help build brand awareness.
Had the opportunity to work with a few intelligent and bright minded people. Personal growth is possible but is entirely dependent on your own initiative.
Apple provides great benefits, decent pay and has great products / solutions so customer interactions are smooth most of the time.
1)Very friendly environment  2)Full of positivity
get to wear jeans and no fancy uniform. the costumer interaction is what working for apple is all about. the people you will meet and help makes every day a positive.
Good salary, great employees to work with
it is great to be working at apple
Amazing people! The products are solid, the best you could ever own. Deals and discounts are amazing as well and some of the other employee options are a plus to working at apple.
The culture. The people. The surprises.
Great reputation but Apple on the inside is veyr different from Apple on the inside
Work life balance, good pay, good reputation
Good product, good working experience
Being part of a dynamic, energetic team that thrives on change is very fun. The team of people you will work with is guaranteed to be passionate and engaging.
The people you work with are great. I have made some of my best friends working at Apple.
I worked in european Apple Operation centre of Cork for almost three years and I can say that it 'was the worst employer I ever worked for from fifteen years to now, consider that I changed six companies since I started to work and what I have seen and felt in Apple in Cork and quite dramatic and grotesque for a prestigious company brand such Apple. I strongly discourage anyone from working for Apple in Cork, why? here you have the main Reasons:  1) incompetent management does not believe in meritocracy, but only in personal friendship to give promotions, corporate policies hard, without room for negotiation and without respect for the individual especially if an employee makes a mistake.  2) unconfortable workplace old and not properly climatized, environment similar as a primary school, with games, employees of the month, fancy dresses during major holidays, mentality too badly Americanized.  3) Career and promotions for the places most departments outside the call center is often give purely to Irish employee who do not even have exceptional ability but simply normal.  4) respect of employee: in three years I saw the apple managers dismiss an employee at least every four months with an impressive turnover of new employees all the time.  5) professional point of view in the end I guarantee you do not 'growth there, but you will only performing standard procedures such as the perfect call or the customer profiling.  I hope one day that Steve Jobs reads this message and realize who you and 'entrusted to manage the work
Company has been successful Good Employee Stock Purchase program
one of the main reasons to work for apple now is that apple is the coolest and also the biggest per capital company on the planet now.  i is a story of how a company is able to take over technology and make it usable and valued  working in apple has been a great adventure till now and the only thing is the employee benefits could be better and also career advangement could be better too  however if you are looking for a good place to work and make lots of friends who also love apple , come to apple to work.
Good 401K and ESPP profits. Good resouces.
Apple is more than a job it is a culture. The corporate mentality is mirrored by their amazing technology advancements. Plus everyone you work with really wants to be there and loves their job and the company - this promotes a very healthy working environment
A new hire immediately gets a vacation bank of 80 hours Vacation, 40 Hours of Floating and 80 Hours of Family Health (sick, bereavement etc) without needed to accrue. Every year of service gets you more Vacation days. With 5 years I have 200+ hours of vacation.
I got this job from University recruiting, it was a 1 year program being full time when school was not in session and part time when school was in session. Overall I love working for Apple.
you are part of the team that is changing the world
Your friends admire that you are able to work in Apple and the compensation package is better than the average.
Apple in Austin is a cool place to work if your young and its your first job. The employees are cool to hang out with and have drinks after work. If you are looking to surround yourself with highly educated folks, AppleCare may not be the best fit for you.
people here are NOT nerdy at all, they are fun and social! work with cutting-edge cool projects good working environment
long hours, good team, smart ppl
A place that encourages innovation. You have good chance to be successful if you are a person willing to take extra effort, and striving for perfection.
A great door opener to jobs elsewhere, particularly early on during your career.  If you're young and inexperienced, they chuck loads on your shoulders which is good for making you into something.  Other than that, it's difficult to find anything which was great about my time at Apple.  If you want to work at Apple, make sure it's short and sharp. Use Apple on your CV as a door opener.
-Great training programs -Opportunities for greater responsibility and promotions for those who want them -Accessibility of managers -Fun, innovative company culture  Bottom line: despite being offered multiple jobs in which I'd put my degree more directly into use, this is the job that I look forward to going into every day and I hope to grow with the company
they take care of you, great benefits, great employees, and great company. they work with you so that you know what do with different approaches and steps.
Its The Brand, nothing else!
I love working for this company. it has changed my life for the better
You get to learn a lot about Apple products. Discount on Apple products is OK. Team-based atmosphere. Everyone seems to genuinely enjoy working there.
They have great benefits including 25% discounts on their computers. If you are offered full time, you can get tuition reimbursement and other small other benefits like free mac software.
Make great products with worldwide impact. The working atmosphere is relaxed but motivated. Teams are close knit and goal oriented. Great pride in the company.
Cool technology. You get to work on the things that everyone is going to admire. It's interesting and there are many challenges.
Apple treats its employees very well, especially if you're full time. The benefits are great, amazing discounts for yourself and for your family and friends, hands-on time with the latest and greatest in technology.
Great company that is on the cutting edge of tech and cares about customers and not about getting the most money from them.
Great benefits from day one. Co-workers are generally nice and pretty enthusiastic.
- Great place to meet smart people and make new friends. - Great product you will make. - Work place is fun. - Make your resume looks good.
Apple is the best company in the World to work for. The people are wonderful, from new employees to the veterans, and then to the management.
Better pay than any retail place that I have worked for or even heard of, looks great on the resume, great discounts to apple products and various third party products as well, Finally, a hidden perk is that the customers that you meet can provide great networking if you talk to them the right way (I help out people from Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, GE, NBC, US Government, ETC), I have had the opportunity to pick their brain about their careers, and receive any advice they can give me for the future job market once I graduate school.
Great products. Great innovation. Pay is average. I did not work in Cupertino, but the cafeteria there is wonderful. Nice discount to purchase computers. Great stock.
Good part time wage Usually fun atmosphere
Pretty good place to work, pays well. You get 25% discounts on computers, etc, and that's nice. Runs like a well-oiled machine.
-Work on cool products -Good place to start a career -Little red-tape for a company its size -Things get done, there is a lot of focus
Good pay for a part time sales job Great people in the form of employees and customers excluding bad apples (no pun intended) Good discounts and other benefits
I get to work with the most innovative products day in and day out and I am allowed to get people excited about using them as part of their daily life
Friendly co-workers friendly management thorough hiring process
Apple in general is a really exciting company to work for. Not only are their products are amazing but the camaraderie was unlike anything i've ever experienced before. I felt like I was apart of an amazing team that worked hard to give people top notch products and services.
- decent quality, health options in on-site cafe - on-site gym - minimal dress code - accepting, non-discriminatory environment - nice corporate discount on most Apple products
Work on leading edge products which are changing people lives for the better
Growing stocks may be the only reason for you to work here.
I've been with Apple for a couple months now as a Specialist (basically, the front lines of Apple retail stores). The workplace is great. The people are super friendly. Even though I've only been there a short while, I've already made friends within Apple. Employees are very open and helpful to newbies. They'll role-play with you, give you feedback about how you're doing and suggestions for improvement, and on my first day my colleagues even inited me to lunch with them, which really helped break the ice and made me less nervous. The pay is decent, managers are competent and considerate, and you really feel like you're part of a family.
Its a lot of fun. Everyone who works there is personable and friendly. I wouldn't want to work anywhere else. At the end of the day, i dont even want to go home.
They have great training and the company attracts a good quality of employee so co workers are most often a good group.
Cool company, growing business, job seems safe in this economical environment. Stock plan, discount on products, some great people to work with
Great products, great atmosphere. Great people. Very supportive team environment. Plenty of variety in daily routine. good benefits available also.
Friendly environment, the opportunity to be a part of a company that creates some of the best technology on the planet, Helping people discover the amazing things about the products
Looks fantastic on a resume, especially if you stick with it for a few years. I've learned an incredible amount from the talented people I work with - Apple hires the best of the best, so if you want a good place to get started, this is it!
The best reason to work at Apple is that everyone is passionate about what they do. You work with people that share your interest in technology and more importantly are invested in helping people.
great company, good benefits, stock options, cutting edge of tech, lots of friendly, competent people to interact with, cool gadgets
Apple is a leader in technology and one of the best companies in the world when it comes to being on the leading edge of technology.
You get to work with a ton of fun people. You learn a lot about Apple Products. The training is fun and you are in a fun environment.
For the most part, the people at Apple are great. The Apple culture is an experience you'll never forget.
Apple is a great place to work. While hours can be long and projects intense, the rewards of working at Apple makes the work worthwhile.
Super smart people, pride in products, insider information
Overall great energetic, friendly and fun people to work with. Never a dull moment in the retail store. Get to play with all the new toys.
innovative products that you have a hand in world class product development process great technologies you get to use and play with at work great brand that you can be proud to work for
Everyone knows apple. We make cool product and I'm proud of that. People are generally enthusiastic about their work and very smart Good health benefit
The people at Apple Retail are an amazing, diverse, and talented group of individuals. It's your peers at this company that make the days worth it.
Some of the best reasons to work for Apple include: A fun staff, a comfortable workplace, reasonable pay, and the opportunity to preview new hardware/software
Apple is definitely a very upbeat and enthusiastic place to work. It is easy working place and people around you are nice to each other.
Apple is the most exciting companies to work for in the silicon valley. They make the most anticipated products.
Many of your co-workers will be intelligent, funny people who are a real pleasure to work with and to get to know. You'll be able to tell everyone you know that you work for Apple, which carries a certain respect with it. Your healthcare benefits package will be excellent. You'll never have to use a PC at work.
youthful, good products, respect, loyalty, its apple!
Being given access to cutting edge software for free, excellent discounts, and actually giving time to learn the software...it puts together a really nice place to work for those reasons. Also, the pay is pretty fair.
This is a great place to work, fun people, great tech and you feel at home. Overall a very, very great place to work, I would recommend it.
Great opportunity to advance your career very quickly if you know how to play the right politics. Competent senior level management (Steve Jobs does deserve the best CEO award), very disciplined, focused and well managed company.
It's exciting to be part of a company that has upward momentum: growing, expanding, and leading change in the industry. The company is constantly evolving--not only it's products, but also the tools, practices, and training for the employees. Never a dull moment! The people who work at Apple are intelligent, flexible, creative, friendly, and fun.
Good benefits, vacation, lots of perks and discounts
It's Apple- they are a cutting edge company. The corporate entity is amazing and does all kinds of things for the employees. Retail is another thing.
It's very rewarding to be at the center of where great products are made. There's always challenging work to do. There's always something new. Getting bored is not allowed. Given all the secrecy it's easy to focus on your own tasks.
enjoyable work environment, young and energetic place to work. always staying up to date with newest technology.
Easy work Laid back environment Great management
- can gain a vast experience in product testing and testing - work with state-of-the-art equipment and world class people - can take pride in working on what is thought by many as cool products - excellent compensation
It's an invigorating company that always seems to have something changing, so if you like change you will love this employer.
Apple is a really good place to learn, decent benefits and supportive management. Where else can you play with all the cool toys?
I was very lucky to work with some amazing co-workers and given the latitude to make choices that really benefited our customers.
-You work with nice, fun, interesting people. Your co-workers become your friends. -Everyday is different. -Stock plan. -You acquire skills that will help you professionally.
Very fun place to work. Easy Going, Tons of nice people and customers. Not forced to sell to customers. Better than my previous job
Cool brand to work for Wonderful products Discounts on products Most co-workers are nice and great to work with Payment is okay
Smart people, good work, interesting products. Beautiful campus. Everyone knows about the company, so when talking to others, is a good conversation starter.
The Pros of working at apple are that you meet alot of creative folks and you get to work on producs that change the industry.
Big name company, great benefits, industry leader in retail and technologies
Great people, great products, overall a fantastic place to work. Pays well compared to retail elsewhere, and is a fun experience.
Great Atmosphere. Helpful colleagues. Lot's of enthusiasm. Helpful management with lots of training. Some opportunities for advancement. Fair compensation for work duties. Compensation is not based on commission. Large company, great medical/dental/vision plan, company match 401K program
You support variety of great products, the job itself is never boring and you can never learn enough.
*Great Pay for college *Benefits (Health and stock options) *The discount on products * Ability to network within the store
Health and ESPP benefits are above average for retail. The company has a solid future, layoffs don't happen, and we're never asked to work off the clock.
Great colleagues, friendly and understanding managers, fast paced environment, personal projects, training, great stores, staff discounts and benefits, good on your cv.
Exciting work. Apple makes you feel like you are contributing to some higher cause besides just getting a paycheck. Lots of smart people make work challenging every day
Passionate, intelligent, interesting people from all walks of life work for Apple - you learn a ton of new information every day from the customers and employees you work with. You get to sell the absolute best products, hands down.
• Made some great great friends • I got paid a lot • That's about it too be honest
not much work, just sitting around till the end of the day
Discount on some of the best products on the markets.
Fabulous products that you can be proud of Some great colleagues (not all) If you're an engineer, great products to build If you're a designer, great products to design
Benefits and Fast Paced Environment
Passionate people Make products people use Interesting projects Super starts are recognized/rewarded
Fun, fast paced, a place where you will without a doubt learn and enjoy for the most part. Apple is great.
- Sense of pride and excitement when the company announces the next groundbreaking product.  - You get to work with very eager, talented people who love their jobs and work very hard.  - You get to play with technology all day long.  - For a problem solver, it's a dream come true.  - The benefits are good, and the pay isn't bad either (though it's not stellar).
Best place to be and good pay check
For a technology junkie it's a serious daily fix. Given tremendous amounts of responsibility and anonymity, far beyond any normal retail positions. Typically, compensation can be extremely good, but make sure you negotiate very well. For some reason people seem impressed when you say you work for Apple!
- discounts - great on resume
Smart people, exciting work, great compensation.
Smart people - Great products
Coolness of technology, the products work and integrate well together, you deal with happy customers, Easy to hit sales numbers
Fun Environment to work in
- Flexible Work Schedule - Great Staff - Great management teams - Great pay - Great philosophy - Great work environment - Feedback from employees is appreciated by management and acted upon
Great co-workers, that make it worth coming in to work. Great salary compared to similar retailers. Every day is different.
cool technology High profile company Apple is liked by consumers cool discounts. Being close to the leading edge of popular technology Stores are centrally located Decent healthcare benefits and discounted stock options Chance to help people be creative by providing them with tools to enhance their creativity.
The best reasons to work for Apple are very numerous. Apple pays higher in retail than any other retail employer from my experience. They seek to find a spot for you that fits your needs and desires, as such, it is very difficult to get fired from the company for failing in you current job (if something else is open that you show aptitude for, they will certainly give you the chance), you will be fired however, for standard terminable issues (theft, deceit, consistent horrible work performance, etc.). The benefits are excellent and management will always help you move up in your position or into another higher level position. Apple also offers a unique opportunity to transfer from Retail to Corporate in their ARC Program. It's one of the only companies that I know of that will let retail employees, if they qualify, to work for three months in Cupertino for the chance to be transferred to corporate. Apple also attracts some of the most diverse people that you can find and you will always learn something from your coworkers.
JOB SECURITY in these current times of economic downturn apple have said they will not be letting anyone go. The people within the company are great, thats the co-workers, everybody in the team brings something different. the atmosphere is great, at times demanding, but isn't every job? the discount perks are good, its nice to get a present from the company near xmas or at a product launch iphone/ipod. Looks great on a CV, working for a innovative company.
Working with as a team with unique and extraordinary individuals. Enriching the lives of customers and through living Apple Retail's Credo. Working with the latest and greatest innovative technologies and consumer products.Offering experiences that no other retail companies comes close to comparing.
Apple fosters an extremely positive work environment, including enthusiastic managers and staff, as well as opportunities to work with some of the coolest technology on the planet. The services offered in-store go above and beyond anything I have seen anywhere, from training customers to sharing stories about what you can do with the technology to make your life better, Apple is a company that truly goes beyond expectations.
If you believe in the brand then working for Apple is a dream come true. The people are friendly, for the most part the managers are competent. The discount on Apple products is good - up to 27% - and the occasional free iPhone/iPod helps to sweeten the deal.
You are working at a company that is the official distributor of Apple products in Southern Africa,. Their training is excellent and you can get it at highly reduced prices or even for free. You also get a discount on all Apple products.  You get to learn the "Apple Way" having access to limited but insightful training and resources, if you want to know about excellent customer service then work at Apple or a subsidiary. The online sales training makes it really easy to sell Apple products (which are already an easy sell).
My passion is working on things that change the world, and I have that opportunity at Apple.
Probably the response you get from people when introducing you work for Apple. Thanks to the iPod Apple now is a company that touches almost everyone and generally people love the company.
The best computers, the best company. Good salary, nice environment
Apple, Mac OS, Products, Steve Job
Apple makes high-quality products, both inside and out, in that they're considered good by both users and developers. Some aspects of our internals can be ugly, but there's a strong push companywide to create maintainable interfaces and implementations, even those for internal use. We're constantly pushing to create new & better ways of doing things, if no longer in a completely revolutionary manner (seems there just too much legacy software AND mindset out there now). Even so, that drive is present.  We don't have all the perks of other high-profile companies, but hours are flexible, and a new shuttle service makes commuting quite pleasant.  Apple is big enough that you can find a work & management environment that fits your temperament.
A company with an inspiration, incredibly dynamic and energetic. Something new almost every week. We are certainly not bored, and often very proud of what we do -or don't do. This company definitely gives you more than a salary.
Exciting products and fun events
Getting to meet Steve Jobs is like the best thing in my whole entire life! He is the best and everything he does is always spectacular. Like who else could invent the computer, right? He makes so much money on everything Apple does. Following him as a leader is a no brainer. You can just look at him and know he will take care of you no matter what. For examples, just look at iPod and iPhone. Now all music is sold through iTunes! It won't be long before all calls are through iPhones! And not just on hardware capabilites, Steve Jobs will lead everyone to appreciate style and usability on all things one day.
Goede arbeidsvoorwaarden dat is ook gelijk het enige, het leadership weet totaal niet wat er leeft onder het personeel en gaat zijn eigen gang.
Les locaux, les collègues, l'ambiance générale, les missions, le salaire etc..
Goede secundaire arbeidsvoorwaarden. zeer goed loon.
Geweldig om te werken voor Apple.
Réduc Ambiance de travail Aucune journée ne se ressemblent
Apple ist ein richtig guter Arbeitgeber , hier kann man sich vorstellen eine sehr lange Zeit zu bleiben.
Teamplay, Inmovation, Management, Feedback, Spass
- flache Hierarchie - offene Kultur und Feedbackkultur - viele Freizeiten und Freiräume - kompetente und sympatische Kollegen
- bon salaire - super culture d’entreprise (inclusion et diversité) - management au top - pas mal d’evenement, la boite sait prendre soin de ses employés - il ya tout dans le building : mededin, dentiste, salle de sport, meme leur propre bus en cas de greve des transports
Sehr Gut bezahlt. Gutes team.
Un encadrement et des collègues extraordinaires, une jolie expérience humaine.
Bonnes assurances Programmme d’achat d’actions pour les employés Rabais sur les produits
Entreprise prestigieuse, assez peu de pression.
Equipe jeune et dynamique. Souplesse du management.
Tickets restaurant, 13ème mois, CE avantageux, DIF généreux, congés, réductions des prix des produits de l’entreprise, très bonne mutuelle peu coûteuse, bon environnement de travail
Solide Bezahlung Flexibilität Stabiles Unternehmen Nachhaltigkeit und Respekt Unterstützung
gutes Gehalt und nette Kollegen
Slecht onverzorgd raar apart nee
Une boîte en constante évolution ! Il y fait bon de travailler on y reste d’ailleurs pour l’ambiance de travail. Les évolutions sont quand à elles difficiles
Beaucoup de monde, beau casting et beaucoup de belles paroles.
mutuelle, intéressement, réduction de prix sur produit
Prime de 50 pourcent software apple
Familiale et bonne ambiance.
Cadre + accompagnement + évolution + formation
ziehmlich guter lohn und angenehme atmosphäre
Top Philosophie et condition de travail.
Apple, Produits (un peu) moins cher, prime de 13 mois...
Relativ gute Bezahlung für Retail, viele Benefits, junges, individuelles Team, keine Überstunden
Bonne ambiance d'équipe en générale.
Possibilite suivant les postes de travail a domicile, convivial et humain
Good team and nice work environment
Gutes Arbeitsklima im Store Nette vor gesetzte
bien intéressant ok à oui
Esprit d’entreprise est l’employé au centre de l’attention. L’expérience client apporte une expérience professionnelle vous ouvrant les portes de toutes structures. La vision du management est très positive. Les formations internes , le recrutement sur la personnalité , les avantages sociaux, les avantages financiers , et le bien être au travail sont des avantages dont APPLE fait bénéficié à tout ses employés.
Il s'agit d'un très bon emploi à temps partiel avec beaucoup de bénéfices (sociaux, rabais, remboursement des frais de scolarité, etc.)
Des produits apple gratuit ou avec une énorme reduction
goed salaris, zeer goede arbeidsvoorwaarden, leuke collega's, geen targets, positieve sfeer
team sympa, bon produits qui facilite la vente, horaires flexibiles
Alle Mitarbeiter sehr hilfsbereit und freundlich
Esprit d'équipe. Motivation. Réductions sur les produits. Environnement sympa.
Découvrir la culture d'entreprise d'Apple, réductions sur les produits, médecins et salle de sport sur site à prix réduits, actions offertes.
de très bonne réduction sur les produit apple
De functie was zeer uitdagend en bood voldoende variatie. Veel geleerd over de organisatie en de werkwijze.
Le Cadre, l’Equipe, des Primes et Actions, des Reductions- employés
Viele Vorteile (Gym, Gesundheit etc.) Guter teamzusammenhalt
Une environnement détendu Des collègues disponibles
Alles in allem sehr gut
Sfeer Ruimte voor eigen inbreng Innovatief Hoge mate zelfstandigheid en verantwoordelijkheid Zeer correct en transparante sfeer Goede primaire en secundaire arbeidsvoorwaarden
Très bonne ambiance de travail
Le cadre est vraiment sympathique
une ambiance entre collegues plus tôt sympa et agréable, malheureusement une ambiance qui n'est jamais très stable car beaucoup de personne quitte l'entreprise très rapidement avec de bonne raison bien évidement et de ce fais le personnels change rapidement.
Salaires, image de marque, produits
Salaires avantageux, réduction produits, internationale
... une école de la vie! Véritable esprit d'équipe entre les collaborateurs, formation accélérée pour la gestion d'une clientèle exigeante, rencontres uniques et passionnantes...
Korting op producten en flexibele werktijden
-Wenige aber erstklassige Mitarbeiter -Top Kundenerlebnisse -Bezahlung
Tolles Klima, Top Leistungen, Gute Bezahlung, Gute Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten
Name positiv im Lebenslauf, Bekannte marke
- Salaire - Assurances - Équipe de plancher - Avantage sociaux plus qu'intéressant.
Sehr hohe Wertschätzung für jeden einzelnen Mitarbeiter
- sehr gute Bezahlung im Vergleich zu anderen Einzelhandelsunternehmen
Bei meinem Job kann man kreativ sein und trotz der Arbeitszeiten arbeite ich gerne.
Motivierte Arbeitskollegen, 100% Überstundenerfassung, Teamspirit, Globale Vision, Professionelle IT (Software,Hardware etc) und technischen Support für alle Arbeitsbereiche
-Gehalt - Flexiblität für Studierende und Teilzeitler - Super Team
Es ist sehr Arbeitnehmer freundlich
Equipe géniale Reduction sur produits Peu de pression sur les objectifs
-Sehr nette Kollegen -Spannende und Abwechslungsreich Aufgaben -Gute Teamleitung -Buntes Arbeitsfeld, es kommen viele Nationalitäten zusammen -Moderne und Menschenwürdige Arbeitsplätze -Sehr gute Kommunikation verschiedener Abteilungen
Apple vous aide à mieux connaitre leur produit, et vous guide avec des conseilles professionnelles.
salaire ambiance de travail ambiance équipe
Zusatzleistungen für Mitarbeiter, Travel Policies, international, großartige Werte, super Team, Arbeitsplatzausstattung, Mittagessen, internationale Projekte, flache Hierarchien, tolle Produkte, tolle Stores, State of the Art Customer Journey und experience
- Goede arbeidsvoorwaarden - Veel aandacht voor personeel en ontwikkeling
Leuke collega’s Voorloper in retail Mooie werkomgeving
Très bonne ambiance de travail, confiance des managers, réelles évolutions de carrière en interne.
Participation (2,5 x salaire mensuel) Stock option Mutuelle Salaire Reconnaissance des produits Remises réservée aux employés et à leur amis et famille
Travailler avec Apple c'es une expérience inoubliable
Zusatzleistungen im Rahmen einer Werks Studenten Tätigkeit
Goede ddos protection voor iedereen
Ambiance de travail très agréable, management à l'américaine (on se soucie de l'humain), locaux et matériel tech à la pointe de la modernité (of course!), salaire et bénéfices
Le salaire Benefices sur les produits apple Un service médical opérationnel Une salle de sport Une bonne ambiance Une évolution assez rapide Diversité d'emplois
- Prime Sportive 400 euro (avantage pour les sportif et garder une bonne forme) - Prime d'habillement 300 euro (rare selon les employeurs) - Cumule de formation dans des domaines très variés (2 semaine/année) - Opportunité d'évolution assez fréquent si l'on se montre mobile et non sédentaire. - Remise sur les produits Apple (mais bon ça reste chère ! c'est Apple) - Très bon ambiance et bon cadre de travail ! -
Bon cadre de travail, bonne dynamique
La proximité de la hierarchie
environnement, promotion, avantages, salaire, projets
beaucoup de formations innovations et initiatives valorisées par l'entreprise avantages mutuelle, sport, etc..
Als ADE mitgestalten zu können
La ou les meilleurs managers se croisent ! La meilleure école de management et du dealing with ambiguity. Un plaisir de retrouver les collègues chaque jour.
- überdurchschnittliche Bezahlung - gute benefits (Aktienprogramme,Mitarbeiterrabatte, Kooperationen mit anderen Unternehmen) - nette Teamkollegen - Work-Life-Balance ist sehr gut - sehr kompetente Manager
Equipe constituée de forts talents. Produits et services incroyables.
Nette Kollegen, Interessante Produkte, gutes Training
Société avec des avantages certains...
Bezahlung Team Zusatzleistungen (Rabatte, Erstattung für Sport & Brille)
Tolles Team, klasse Zusatzleistungen zum Gehalt (Brille, Sport, Aktien etc.). Die Kollegen sind fast alle sehr nett - es gibt quartalsweise Gespräche mit dem Management.
Entreprise très ouverte, très humaine. La diversité est très riche et permet de superbes découvertes. Les réels talents peuvent s'exprimer et faire autre chose que leur métier de base.
Leuke werkomgeving, mooie producten en fijne collega's. Employee korting op Apple producten. Apple steekt veel geld en tijd in ontwikkeling van medewerkers.
-branchenunüblich gute Bezahlung -viele Vorteile sowie Rabatte -nettes Junges Team
humain, lieu, rencontres , enrichissement personnel
argent argent argent argent argent argent
Gezellige omgeving en goede arbeidsvoorwaarden
On se sent supporté dans notre développement par nos pairs et l'équipe de gestion, plusieurs possibilités s'offrent à nous en termes de poste
Cohésion d'équipe, liberté de proposition, travail enrichissant
Opportunités, ambiance de travail sympathique, valeurs du personnel, lieu où l'on apprend beaucoup
Teilweise nettes Team Interessante Kunden Benefits sind nicht schlecht Relativ entspannte Arbeit Null Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten
Les collègues Le cadre toujours très sympa peu importe le store Un apprentissage vraiment performant
Apple heeft het work-life balance principe volledig geimplementeerd. Medewerkers krijgen gemiddeld 9 weken vakantie
Die Auswahl der Kollegen ist vorbildlich. Es gibt kaum jemanden, mit dem man sich nicht versteht. Alle sind extrem empathisch. Auch wenn "von ganz oben" gewisse Entscheidungen getroffen wurden, versuchen die direkten Vorgesetzten das mit Flexibilität zu lösen und das beste für das Team draus zu machen. Apple engagiert sich für seine Mitarbeiter und gewährt unglaublich viele Freiheiten und Benefits.
Bon salaire, avantage en nature et possibilité d'evoluer.
- es wird viel Wert auf die Gesundheit gelegt - tolle Mitarbeiterrabatte - Weiterbildungsmaßnahmen - groartiges Team - Teilnahme am Aktienprogramm möglich
Possibilités d'évolution réelles, bonne ambiance familiale.
On est bien payé et surtout bien entouré, avec pas mal d'avantage et un salaire digne de ce nom
Atmosphère de travail agréable, bonne esprit d'équipe entre les membres
Très belle entreprise avec des valeurs fortes
Beaucoup d'avantage sociaux, une ambiance dynamique, une équipe jeune, beaucoup d'entraide venant de ses collègues et beaucoup de formation
Praktikum bei Project Msnagelent Team
Bonne ambiance de travail dans l'ensemble, équipe dynamique. Quelques avantages pour les employés tels que des réductions sur les produits de la marque.
Superbe ambiance de travail, équipe de travail très soudée. Lorsqu'on a une question sur quoique ce soit, on se sent backé par nos collègues qui se feront toujours un plaisir de nous répondre. Et n'importe quelle est la question du client, un de nos collègues aura toujours la réponse (les ressources sont incroyables). L'équipe de management est très ouverte et à l'écoute, si on a des questions ou problèmes ils seront toujours là pour nous aider. Avantages sociaux et sur les produits très intéressants. Les horaires pour les temps partiels sont flexibles et s'ajustent très bien à nos cours (lorsqu'on est étudiant).
fierté d appartenir à cette institution / super cadre / ambiance dynamique
Mitbestimmung der Unternehmensstrategie und Selbständigkeit
Sehr abwechslungsreiche Arbeit, viel Spass und nette Kollegen.
Management humain, équipes incroyables, diversité, bons avantages et salaire pour les employés étudiants. Rythme intense !
Super Nettes Team, Gutes Gehalt.
Se former à la relation client, bénéficier de remises (qui devraient être plus importante)
Réductions sur les différents produits. Tickets resto et chèques vacances. Il y a une très bonne ambiance entre les collègues.
Le personnel est de manière général jeune et très sympa et il y a une bonne ambiance entre les collègues.
Horaire souple. Environnement technologies. Formateur pour travailler avec des clients challengeant et exigeant. Des collègues qui vous soutienne. Plan d'actionnariat.
Lo mejor de trabajar en esta compañía es la magia que hay detrás, en cada producto, en cada lanzamiento en cada Keynote. Emocionalmente es una empresa muy estimulante.
Work life balance Restricted Stock Options Discounts on products
Un belle référence sur le CV, une bonne ambiance, un boulot très formateur, des remises sur les produits de la marque...
Klasse Kollegen, engagiertes Management, Weiterbildungen
großartige Produkte und tolle Innovationen
-Teamarbeit -An Problemen wachsen -Selbstdisziplin -Zeitmanagement -immer die besten Geräte zur Hand, hier fühlt sich ein Apple Jünger zuhause
Marque super il fait bon y travailler les équipes sont super sympa ils donne une chance a tout le monde
bon salaire, bonne ambiance le personnel est cool
Les avantages sont multiples, mais le plus important est le côté humain qui est pris au sérieux dans l'entreprise. La sécurité et le bien-être des employés sont primordiaux.
Auswahlverfahren sehr innovativ, locker und angenehm.
L'esprit d'équipe et le travail en mode collaboratif qui est vraiment efficace pour le client. L'espace de travail est toujours splendide.
Reductions produits apple, stock options, liberté au travail, ambiance détendue, installations excellentes (cantine menus variés, salle de sport moderne) Evenements reguliers (soirees, repas)
Offene Feedback-Kultur promoted, vorbildliche Diversity Strategie, keine Pay Gaps, sehr kollegial, sehr mitarbeiterorientiert, viele Benefits, viele Trainings und Coachings, theoretisch viele und tolle Perspektiven
Geweldige introductie binnen het bedrijf, kosten nog moeite gespaard voor een goede en gedegen training. Veel investering in personeel op gebied van begeleiding, althans zo lijkt het. Hele goede interne werksfeer onder collega's met een zelfde functie. Unieke vrije cultuur waar iedereen in zijn waarde wordt gelaten. Veel interne mogelijkheden afhankelijk van je start functie.
Super culture d'entreprise, nombreux d'avantages, des gens super sympas et intéressants. L'ambiance conviviale et détendu, le cadre de travail est agréable. Une diversité importante.
High tech, bonne équipe, comité d'entreprise
Culture d'entreprise forte. Esprit d'équipe. Management. Environnement. Avantages sociaux.
Bonne ambiance entre collègues, remises intéressantes sur les produits, belle entreprise sur un CV
Tolles Team, abwechslungsreiche Arbeit, Kundenkontakt, großer Teamzusammenhalt, Manager auf Augenhöhe
Cadre idyllique, les magasins sont superbes, les outils de travail sont irréprochables Bonne ambiance, esprit d'équipe, entraide possibilité de changer de poste dans le meme magasin
Ze hebben de Beste middelen en een compleet andere denkwijze dan andere bedrijven waar ik voor gewerkt heb. Je kunt al je dromen waarmaken
Bon salaire et bonne ambiance et locaux vraiment sympas puit travailler et JAIme bcp le pain et les iPhone construit
parfois, vous pouvez apprendre des choses
Nette Mitarbeiter Gute Arbeitszeiten Guter Gehalt Nettes Mittagessen und Pause
Also die mitarbeite und das feeling beim Arbeiten sind sehr positiv und entspannt. Dies merkt man an der Qualität unserer Produkte
Beaucoup d'avantage en nature type Applications de la marque, applications tierce et nombreuses réductions en magasin et en ligne. L'évolution au sein du magasin est rapide.
Innovativ, 360grad Feedback system, Sehr gute entwicklungs Möglichkeiten,
Salaire convenable Avantages intéressants Possibilité de faire des heures supplémentaires
Foi um bom trabalho nesse tempo que passei la , depois de ter um bom trabalho pude comprovar que que a Apple que boa
trés bon stage ambiance parfaite
Sociabilité avec les clients et les employés. Très bonne entente avec tout les salariés. C'est vraiment une très bonne entreprise.
Team hält zusammen, Arbeit an sich abwechslungsreich. Arbeitsklima insgesamt okay. Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten gut. Schöner Verkaufsraum. Nette Kollegen. Begeisterung für die Produkte kann ich teilen
Superbe école de management. Environnement de travail très agréable entouré de collaborateurs passionnants et passionnés. Une entreprise qui a encore de beaux jours devant elle.
Cadre et équipe agréable, dimension technologique et produits donnent envie de travailler pour la marque. Formation a l'entrée vraiment efficace.
Je ne vois aucun avantage que cela m'apporte d'avoir ce poste ne serais ce que quelques idiotes réductions sur des produits qui ne m'intéressent pas
Les appareils fournis gratuitement pour nous aider à travailler. Elle fournis également un matériel de qualité
Bonne ambiance, travail intéressant, équipe diversifié, formation constante.
Bonne organisation générale, très bon esprit d'équipe, flexibilité, équipe management à l'écoute, formations régulières, évolution internes favorisées.
Équipe dynamique jeune très professionnel avec de super avantages professionnelle congé et assurance médicament et dentaire super de bon salaire
Man kann viel Erfahrungen im Umgang mit Menschen machen. Dank der Unternehmenspolitik stellen einen die Kollegen und Kunden gleichermaßen täglich vor neue Herausforderungen.
Réductions sur les produits Ambiance cool Heureusement qu'il y a les collègues avec qui ont peut partager Feed-back réguliers Et c'est tout
freundliche Arbeitsatmosphäre Zusatzleistungen: Fitnessstudio, Brillenzuzahlung, Spendenunterstützung (ehrenamtliche Arbeit), Telefonconcierge als Hilfestellung zu Medizinfragen, Finanzen, Familie etc., vergünstigte Einkäufe, Software etc. entspannter Arbeitsalltag mit angemessenem Leistungsdruck KEINE Mitarbeiterspionage
Statut cadre, rémunération correct pour du retail, 35 heures poste relativement tranquille sans pression
du temps libre pour le développement et une bonne culture d'entreprise. Des valeurs saines et un réel respect de l'employé.
Hervorragendes Arbeitsklima mit einem, im Vergleich zu anderen Unternehmen, lässig und entspannten Management. Kollegiales Team, das aber auf Grund der hohen Anzahl von Teilzeitmitarbeitern stark frequentiert
Allein der Jobtitel ist nice! :) Die Stores sind meistens in ziemlich interessanten Gegenden, von wo man ganz gut den Feierabend gestalten kann.
