Context: I worked in operations - Very entrepreneurial culture: You're encouraged to build systems / processes to accomplish what you need - The perks are great - Very collaborative environment - Giving and receiving honest, constructive feedback is a huge part of the culture - There is a lot of room for growth. Career conversations are encouraged
- Incredible benefits - Excellent compensation that rewards strong performance - Lots of autonomy - Tons of room for growth - Very transparent from the top down - Strong leadership - Intelligent and caring colleagues - The most fair and well thought out review process you will find everywhere - Exciting work
I'm a 55 year old working in a company where the average age is 28, and I've never been happier. I have always wanted to work in a company where I wasn't the proverbial square peg, and after nearly 30 years in the work force, I believe that I have found the company that complements my ideology for how a company should operate. Here are the "Pros" as I see them...  - Leadership: Mark Zuckerberg, Sheryl Sandberg, Chris Cox and the rest of the leadership team. Inspiring, smart and totally real. - The Culture: The openness is a real thing, we're trusted to do the right thing, mistakes are expected, being yourself is important and encouraged, humility is encouraged and expected, building trust is paramount, the mission of making the world a more open and connected place isn't just a cool phrase because it guides everything. It's not about us, it's about everyone else. - The People: Smart and nice is what I find. The diversity is better than any other company I've worked at and it's getting better. Those that are figuring out how to make what we do better for everyone are really good at implementing their ideas. Two years ago I didn't know what this company really was or if it had a secure future. I can clearly see now that they have what it takes to last, and it's sincere. - Management: Managers are hired because they're good managers and not because they're good at something else. The management track is different than the contributor track and they're equal in importance. - Benefits: Working in the Valley it's hard to differentiate all the benefits employees receive and Facebook is at least equal to all the major tech companies, but coming from Seattle the benefits are nothing short of incredible.  Granted, I haven't been with the company for very long and I'm still in the honeymoon period, but I can tell what's real and what's not, this place is for real.
Having worked at Facebook for a number of years, and having experienced many other companies prior, I am still incredibly proud to work at such a company that values its employees, is so open and transparent, and that has a mission I truly believe in. Speaking with a number of employees who left Facebook only to return once again, while no company is perfect, there is a lot that Facebook has to offer - not just in terms of benefits, but with the impact that our apps and services have on this world - for people and businesses alike.  Our open culture is pretty amazing to understand the vision of our company and where we're heading. Leadership has been consistently transparent in ways that many other companies are not - even other tech companies - with weekly Q&As, open posts, and quarterly all hands. And they address tough issues or topics head on.  There are a lot of career opportunities within the company - as we often refer to the "jungle gym" that you can take your career internally. There are incredibly passionate people who work at Facebook, and I never cease to be amazed by the level of intelligence and care demonstrated by my coworkers around the world to help our company deliver on our mission.
Smart people who were chosen to be good to work with and empathic of others.  Important work. Huge scope. Solid mentorship.  Enormous self direction. Continuous opportunity fountain.  Literally the best large company I can imagine working for, and I came from a mid-senior role at Google that wasn't shabby.
all the industry perks (food, 401k matching, shuttles, etc.). Smart colleagues to learn from and work with.
Incredible health insurance covered 100%, free breakfast/lunch/dinner every day, work life balance, flexibility to work from home, unlimited sick days, career growth
World class benefits Smart coworkers Food galore Fun parties
I've never been treated this well in any job. Facebook honestly loves it employees. Like most tech firms, Facebook offers free food, transportation, gym, perks, etc. But Facebook also goes out of its way to address any and all employee questions or concerns, transparently. I have never felt so empowered and respected in my professional career as I do now.
Learning from great software engineers and/or researchers in AI.
Every single one of my colleagues is stunningly sharp, quick-witted, personable, and caring. The perks are endless including the DELICIOUS food our kitchens produce all day (though the extra weight I've gained may be a con). We all work hard but are continuously celebrated and recognized for our contributions. Best place I've ever worked.
• Work Life balance •&nbsp,Shuttles that will take you just about anywhere in the bay area •&nbsp,Fast culture that allows mistakes as long as you continue to move forward •&nbsp,So many diverse opportunities • Ability to apply to transition roles if yours isn't working out • Amazing benefits for Full Time Employees including free food, stipends for gym memberships & free dry cleaning • Open line of communication available to any level employee
- On the right team, you'll find a healthy work culture. People are incredibly kind and there's an emphasis on collaboration over competition. - The mission is still something I believe in. It is ambitions to help people around the world connect to the Internet and each other. - The feeling of building products that reach more than 2 billion people is awesome. - Internal tools and infrastructure is best of class, especially for shipping fast. - Benefits are solid. You're taken care of with food, healthcare, and other convenience perks that are delightful to have. - Most work-life balance challenges are self-inflicted. People want to succeed, but the company supports you when you say that you need to get some work off your plate. - There are some early-Facebook veterans who make their areas of Facebook special. Find them and get to know them!
Challenging, high-profile work, great employee benefits, smart colleagues, informal, flat organization
- Flexible work hours - Supportive management / leaders - Transparency - Collaborative teams - Growth opportunities galore - Food, gyms, other perks - High pay
I have the best manager who cares about my career growth, and a team that supports my personal and career goals what more can I ask for! My team is very flexible and understanding of work life balance, but does have expectations for performance and impact. You have full autonomy to do your job, no one is hovering over you which allows lots of freedom for creativity, optimization, and process improvement. The culinary chefs that prepare our meals, other onsite services like car wash, dry cleaning, hair cuts, are just added bonuses that help make some life things more convenient.
-Amazing benefits, this company has your back if anything happens personally. -I don't think you can truly be yourself at work but at FB you can almost be yourself at work. -Company is working hard towards work life balance. -Senior Leadership has hurdles but seem to be doing the right thing
The people, the partnerships across recruiting and engineering and working in an environment that allows us to bring our best self to work.
Great leadership, despite recent press. I'm very proud to be here after 7 years.
+ free food + nice office + generally flexible working environment
You’ll be surrounded by the most well-intentioned geniuses you’ll ever meet.
- Mature engineering practice to scale the business while preserving quality - Open and inclusive culture - Very smart people - Still lots of opportunities to grow - Engineers get to decide what they want to work on
Its reputed, there is utopia - pretty much thats it. And one can also learn how big systems work at scale.
Benefits and internal sharing of ibformation
Constantly working with the smartest & scrappiest people in the world.
-decision made bottom-up -amazing benefits -leadership cares about doing good
Great Benefits both at work and for families like Medical/Dental/Vision/401k. Generous work related support in terms of services, food, etc.
Fabulous work environment and great work culture. Upper management is extremely encouraging and wants to see you do well.
I've been trying not to drink the Facebook Cool-Aid but it's tough not to. Facebook is an amazing place to work and, despite the very public screw-ups / media firestorm of late, it's immensely enjoyable to work here. We're encouraged to be ourselves, there's no micromanagement, I feel like I'm free to fly as high as I want, they teach us how to have tough conversations, the management team is surprisingly open and forthcoming, the work is fulfilling and important and broadly impactful, the benefits are never-ending (as is the food supply), there's on-site everything– from haircuts to physical therapy to dental care, my coworkers are brilliant and outgoing and very much Type A, work-life balance is incredible compared to the start-up world, and that's just scratching the surface. It's a little shocking how great of a place to work Facebook is.
free food, free t-shirts, free laundry, good pay. If you're right out of college, this might be the place for you, but that's mostly because you wont have much work experience to compare it against.
Perks are amazing (food, transportation, medical, dental services, etc) People are smart
Pick your own team Hackathons Flexible hours
Nice people, world class benefits
Challenging and interesting problems, making a lot of impacts
Great company to work with and will stay as long as possible! Very positive culture here and will recommend to all my friends and family!
Flexible environment Tons of opportunity to learn and be exposed to a wide variety of roles Exposure to other ops roles Learn how to pull and manipulate data Great career move in either recruiting or ops
Tons of growth, so you're tripping over opportunities to do amazing things here. I'm sure everyone talks about the great benefits, food, commuting options in the Bay, and the general awesomeness of the facilities...but it's all true. I work in the NYC office and absolutely love the building - and everything in it.
- Flexibility - Autonomy - Career growth opportunities - Challenging work - Smart teammates - Amazing benefits - Ability to bring your authentic self to work - Work rewarded based on impact
Great benefits, pay, leadership team.
Great benefits, especially medical Flex work schedule on most teams Nice offices with the best tech
- Amazing manager, team, and people at this company - Free food (lots of options) -Free Transportation - Very Flexible work schedule - Great benefits
Freedom to share your thoughts: in fact, the culture encourages feedback and discussion on every aspect of the company. Transparent leadership: the company's leadership openly share their thoughts, and if that's not enough, you may ask about anything during the Friday QA. Strong sense of community: the internal platforms and culture enable supportive, positive discussion. Pick what you want to work on: you get to pick the team that you work on when you're hired. Take charge: if there's anything else you want changed, you are always free to do it yourself (and that includes modifying any part of the codebase)!  And that's not yet having mentioned the best company food, more than flexible work hours, beautiful campus, and a variety of other amazing benefits.
FB is great, love working here. Great people, mission oriented, transparent leadership.
Honestly, as an employee of Facebook you are pampered. They truly care about the well-being of their employees and that is evident in the number of perks and benefits given. It's a breath of fresh air from working elsewhere, especially in Chicago compared to other tech companies. The compensation and benefits are unparallel here.  It's also the most inclusive office I've ever worked in or visited, you don't just hear about the importance of diversity, you see it. And why is that? Because Facebook is so deliberate about the way they grow and they make sure the representation of its community is reflected in its employees.  Despite growing like crazy, Zuckerberg still does weekly chats with the entire company and there isn't a lot of hierarchy here among levels. Even though there has been a lot of negative press lately, there is a such a great level of optimism and forward thinking mentality that morale is still high. It's just as exciting as ever.
great perks, great outlook, great people
- benefits and perks - endless food options - global reach and impact  At Facebook, you have the opportunity to work on products that everyone uses. This helps you use and sharpen your skills in an entirely new way, and really think through your logic and decisions—unpacking every detail because you have to make sure it works and is understood across all demographics, countries, cultures, and languages.  They also take care of employees. Everything is free: shuttle rides, laundry service, professional development courses, tons of swag, and all the food, snacks, and drinks you can eat (the “Facebook 15” is real). The company’s health benefits are unmatched and they even have medical, dental, and gym facilities on campus.
The mission-driven culture and passionate, brilliant people I work with are by far the biggest pro. The free meals, on-site gyms, healthcare, commuter reimbursements and compensation packages are best in class. I really feel like I am doing the best work of my career here. The challenges we face in the wake of press mentions and bad actors abusing our platform causes us to band together and focus in on fixing problems.
*Great people, many of whom push the company to be better and make the world better *Tons of resources (pay, food, tools, etc.) *Incredible leaders like Sheryl Sandberg
Flexible schedule, great culture and benefits!
work at a massive and up and coming technology company. Long list of company wide perks
Mission driven Incredible management training Assume good intent Choose your career path and manager Flexible work schedule Life / work balance Benefits Creative and smart and ridiculously talented people
Great perks, culture, and place
Compensation is a little bit better compared with similar companies. But Price-performance ratio is quite low. Everything looks good.
Very open culture, transparent leadership, large opportunity for impact and great food :)
- Get to work on the most relevant community work of our lifetime at an unprecedented scale - Work with smart, mission-driven colleagues who want to make the world a better place - Work in a culture that is fast moving, extremely open, with a relentless focus on doing what's best for our community
Individuals are empowered to make impact via autonomy. Managers care about employees and help them grow. Great place to grow your career. Smart and kind coworkers.
Benefits are incredible (free meals and snacks, fantastic insurance, various perks for conferences/events) Work environment is incredibly friendly and accommodating
Thorough interview. Good blend of past experience an sourcing knowledge. Conversational but professional. Able to get a strong understanding of team dynamic and measures of success.
I've been here for more than 8 years and I am still around because that's how good this place is...and, I am not the only long termer. People come and stay because it's the best place in tech right now- a combination of a strong, positive mission to create community in the world, amazing culture of impact, respect and innovation and a lot of support and care for people. Top that with the best in every field who work here and you've got an awesome place to work.
Intelligence Authenticity Fast pace Employee oriented
great company. very transparent culture. colleagues are very friendly they want to help you grow.
Great benefits, great pay, highly encourages creativity, rewards productivity.
Great pay Great perk Best engineers in the world work here as your teammate Growth opportunity is great, company encourage people to do more, learn more and grow Compensation fairness is one of the best in the industry, purely performance base
Managers have the best time of their lives. They keep engineers down through intense and demoralizing review cycles. No repercussions whatsoever. Helps to keep labor expenses low.
#1 - It's a mission driven company and we are contributing to a greater good. Love the fundraising features and amazing to see how many dollars have been raised. Love features like safety check keep people safe during natural disasters. Love the stories of connection - family members meeting for the first time due to finding each other on Facebook. Love the support we provide to small businesses which wouldn't be where they are today without instagram or Facebook.  #2 - The growth opportunities. I've learned more and grown more in the past year than any other company  #3 - I have 3 children and feel I'm able to balance my work and personal life.
—The most open culture of any company —Incredible flexibility to change projects & teams based on what you want, way more people do this rather than leave —People truly assume good intent and responsibility of their peers, everyone manages themselves, takes their own hours and supports one another —Employees regularly have forums to take changes up to top leadership, or request changes to nearly any other part of the company and most requests are followed through —Projects rely on cutting-edge research and encourage learning
Big impact, fast culture, strong rewards
You learn from great peers, work on unique planet scale problem, grow, move around and learn new tech while enjoying first class benefits. Leadership is visionary, genuine, surprisingly transparent and always looking for what is best for the facebook community, which is hard for outsiders to grasp.
Great perks, interesting challenges, dynamic environment
Awesome place to work - Great work-life balance - Very open work culture - Lots of family/cultural events - Free food :D
Comp/Benefits, career trajectory, people, culture, collaborative, work/life balance
- Working with the smartest and best in my field which makes me better. - We get to solve tough problems everyday - The open culture means tons of opportunities for everyone - Doing a ton of good in the world and taking action on what isn't working - Unbelievable support when you need it. I went through some personal challenges this year and Facebook was with me every step of the way. - We live our company values- they aren't just posters on the wall.
fredom to work on high impact projects, food, benefits
Aside from all the benefits you hear about...free food, good pay, laundry, and so on.... Facebook is an amazing place to work. The culture is so open and fun. No matter what part of the organization you're in, you feel like you're part of the overall mission of Facebook. The company is really transparent about the things going on (often public).
- In general, treated like you're a person and not a number - Very competitive compensation and benefits - Extremely easy short term disability leave, full salary for 16 weeks
Free food, 4 weeks vacation, amazing health coverage, 4 mos paid maternity leave.
The challenges Facebook sets itself out to solve are immense, which gives people the opportunity to really challenge themselves at work and continuously learn. Managers are deeply invested into employees and there is a strong servant-leadership mindset (manager as a supporter of high performing teams and not manager as an authoritative decision maker). Benefits & rewards are obviously incredible.
Smart people, huge impact, great compensation
Campus is amazing, offices have all the perks you could ask for. Resources are never a problem.
- top leadership is transparent about company direction - very good tools for work - very talented employees - move fast and (still break things): can be good or bad - opportunities to make impact - opportunities to learn new skills on your own time
Really care about employees. The best benefits and pay. Open and inclusive culture. Really smart people. Actively discouraged from working late or on weekends. Willing to make changes to the system for the benefit of users despite costing the company money.
The benefits are amazing and the environment is very flexible and casual.
Great company to work for. A ton of interesting projects are going on all over the company and sister companies. I am really happy to be here.
Really open culture, great benefits, can have good work-life balance if you manage things right, still growing fast
It's a good environment to work in
Awesome perks Exciting and dynamic environment Great learning experience Very causal and friendly employees Chance to work with the best in the world
+ High salaries + Amazing perks + Open culture
Facebook hires extremely intelligent, driven and kind people who truly buy into the vision to only do good things in the world. So happy I joined the Facebook family.
There is no hierarchy. It does not feel like you're working for corporate America. Your team feels like your family.
Good compensation. Open working environment.
Good perks Challenging projects Working with smart people
Smart people and Good Food
Fast-paced environment, brilliant people, amazing opportunities for learning and career growth. New challenges every day and the most wonderful people working together to find solutions.
Tons of autonomy to work
- pay - benefits - smart people
- Best company I worked in my entire career - Open culture, everyone has context and information on any project they like. - Management trusts employees by keeping the culture open - Super smart and helpful colleagues - You can ask Mark any question during QnA for employees - Managers here are great and super supportive of your career growth - Other perks like free food all meals, free shuttle, amazing health benefits, fitness reimbursement, laundry, onsite health and dental center, concierge service -Focus on impact and not on unnecessary frivolous work
Free breakfast, Free lunch, Free dinner- Only place in Chicago that does this They give you all the tools needed for you to be successful in your role. You are encouraged to be innovate and bring your ideas to fruition You are working for the best recruiting organization in the world.>> So yes! You will have to earn your awesome salary and benefits
Facebook has a great culture and even better values. They encourage their employees to be bold, move fast and be their true selves at work.
We work on problems that impact over 2 billion people and given how much we are growing, the scaling issues are second to none and so you grow your kills and careers here much more quickly than elsewhere.
Highly encouraging environment and great benefits. They take good care of their employees.
High caliber coworkers. Great benefits. Smart and dedicated leadership.
- Transparent company - Great pay - Flexible schedule - Overtime for admins - Best benefits!
Facebook takes care of everything for you so you can focus on your job. Free food, gyms, wellness benefits, onsite wellness centers, amazing maternity/paternity benefits, dry cleaning and the list GOES ON. The work is challenging and growth potential is high.
Pays the checks, free transportation and food
During my time at Facebook, I've had some of the best people managers in my career. They have helped me improve my communication skills, people skills and empathy skills. The perks are absolutely ridiculous, from free charging for electric cars to amazing free desserts, and packed micro kitchens.
Lots of perks, fulfilling projects that only a few companies in the world are working on
Great benefits, great location and nice campus
- Full Time not contract - Tiers 1-3 level access - System administrator for many systems - Facebook perks
1. best food 2. best ceo 3. best IT help
Great place to work. I loved it.
great, smart people, loads of autonomy
Free food and laundry are the only pros.
Free food, Flexibility, Good brand, Benefits
Great culture, highly competitive, tremendous opportunity, focus on people / career development
Great culture but it comes at a price.
- generous compensation/benefits - manager support and transparency - autonomy - you can create your own career path - interesting, challenging work - investment from the company to create/maintain a great culture
Great Open Culture Free Food Work with Bright people Access to Senior leadership 4 months paternity leave Virtually Unlimited resources  Community is at the core of FB. I’ve never worked at a company that cares so much about its people. Taking care of yourself and working sustainably is part of the culture. All the amenities are there to keep you focused (or distracted). Food, snacks, multiple gyms (with classes), car service, life@ (I took my passport photos there for heavens sake).  We have, workplace, FB’s own internal app. It’s like Facebook within Facebook for employees. I can message anybody and be in contact with anybody in the company. I’m an entry level engineer and talk to VPs Directors and even Mark, who holds open forum EVERY Friday in person. That level of access is phenomenal.  If you have an idea you can do it. You have the support and finances to achieve whatever you can think of. If you’ve worked anywhere else then you can see why everything I’ve written is so important. It just isn’t like that anywhere else.
Competitive but friendly environment. Team members genuinely care about your success. Facebook Perks. Compensation.
They treat you well, you can find almost everything you'll need. Colleagues are knowledgeable and fast moving, you can learn a ton here.
Amazing co-workers who are genuine, down to Earth people that create a positive, welcoming atmosphere. You are expected to work hard, but that hard work is valued and FB provides phenomenal benefits from great healthcare care to free food and shuttles to campus. Unlike some companies, FB sees their employees as people, not cogs in the machine.
Intelligent amazing people solving complicated important business and tech problems. Sense of integrity in everything we do. Culture of openness, incredible perks and really good food. You will work hard and there is a ton of opportunity to build a fabulous career. If you're looking for 9-5 gig FB is not the place for you. You can have autonomy in your schedule, and everyone has to find the right work/life flow balance. You will work hard and if you love what you do it doesn't feel like work. FB is a place for passionate driven career minded people.
Worst place I had to work at.
I love the culture and resources
Volume of perks and what they are is practically unmatched.
Mark is an inspiring CEO.
- Very open culture, everyone has access to all codebases and can change any code - Most people choose their own project - You are responsible for your project end -to-end. Only metric you are measured on is impact. - Company really cares about its employees
great benefits and such I like very much
Smartest people I’ve ever worked with. Smartest leadership I’ve ever worked for.
Awesome company but a few bad apples.
Great benefits, challenging environment, your voice is heard, management truly cares about developing people instead of just holding a manager title, and great perks at work!
Great place to learn. Lots of mentorship.
Reasonable pay, plenty of perks.
Autonomous and innovative culture Always learning working for a company that is pushing the boundaries of how technology and life intersect
Opportunity, relationships, benefits, work-life balance
-Ambitious people -Unparalleled Perks -Exciting work -Transparent leadership
A great culture, most likely the best of the bests... Very smart and helpful colleagues.. Lots of benefits, even for the interns, food, bikes, housing, summer fests, etc. Very transparent, from top to the bottom... Challenging and interesting work/projects, affecting billions of people!
FB hires not only really smart people, but people who really want to work with others to make awesome things. Also, the company offers some great benefits, which show us how much they care about our well being.
multinational company with a lot of benefits
Freedom, Opportunity, Learning and Growth
Great benefits, opportunities to work on something that matters to you and have a real impact in the world.
- The company really cares about upscaling their managers. As an individual contributor myself, I really appreciate having a caring and at the same time professional manager, who gives me a lot of flexibility, but steps in when I need them. - You are being recognized for impact, not for how many years of experience you bring to the table. This helps getting good reviews for hard work, even when you're young and unexperienced. - You get many opportunities to work cross-functionally, which is great for diversity of thought. Personally, I like the fact I am exposed to working with technical and non-technical people. - Some of the benefits are amazing. Fertility treatment coverage and in general medical coverage are the best out there.
I honestly love working at Facebook.
Facebook truly cares about their employees and does an amazing job taking care of us. There are way too many pros too list, but here are a few at the top - amazing work life balance, high impact, great leadership, meaningful work, some of the best benefits/perks, growing company, open culture, exciting projects, smart people, beautiful office, and much much more
- Quite possibly the best benefits of any company in the U.S - 3 meals a day - You get to work on challenging problems at a an enormous scale - Autonomy to work on the things you want - You work with some of amazing infrastructure tools to make your workflow as efficient as possible. If an industry tool can't keep up with Facebook's scale, they'll just engineer its own solution. I think that speaks to its engineering culture. - You work with some of the smartest people in the industry. - An extremely open culture that's very self critical of itself.
People, culture, mission, benefits. Coworkers are amongst the brightest out there.
Awesome people, great culture, exciting & fast-moving environment
* Really strong company leadership * Excellent culture * Encouraging diversity
Great benefits, perks, and compensation. Fast environment that will enable you to grow your career. Choose what you want to work on.
Countless perks and benefits, challenging and exciting subject matter, treated with respect by peers and managers, excellent career growth opportunities
Good benefits and perks. Surrounded by smart people. No shortage of new stuff to focus on and relatively easy to change roles and move between teams.
Great atmosphere at the offices, everyone is on point and friendly.
Salary (to offset the rest)
Products reach billions. Lots of interesting work.
I absolutely love my role! My manager is extremely supportive, caring and provides the right amount of feedback. My team is full of very talented and highly driven people. I'm able to drive my own projects, work a flexible schedule and provide for my family. The perks are awesome too.
culture, rewards and recognition, perks
- Perks - Life@FB helps manage every aspect of your work life during the day, from providing three meals a day, to unlimited visitor invites, helping with laundry, bike repair, hairdresser... - Initiative-driven culture. Nobody tells you want to do - you figure out how you can be most effective and run with that. - Strong engineering-centric culture. - Mark and Sheryl are amazing.
Benefits are awesome. 21 paid off is great.
Work-life balance Benefits Food options Diverse employees Brilliant employees LGBT-friendly Open communication (even from the C-suite)
kind engineer and good guide to solve problem.
The amazing perks - impossible to list them all but the perks are outstanding. There are so many smart people who work here. Every day I'm impressed by someone on my team or by someone I work with cross-functionally. I've already learned so much during my time here and know I will continue to do so. It is a very inspiring place to work - everyone internally is dedicated to our mission and having a positive impact on the world and it shows in the quality of their work. I can see myself working here for a very long time.
Smartest people, best culture and rewarding work
Challenging, engaging, supportive. There is opportunity and the resources to tackle any challenge you can find. They truly value a strengths based approach. You can learn a lot here and be compensated fairly.
Generous Benefits, 401K, 94 hours vacation time yearly
-Good pay, benefits, but calculate long hours and weekends -FREE food -Good brand name when you leave, people
Smart colleagues. Product with huge impact. Lots of independence as an IC and as a team. Perks make life easier.
Super smart and hardworking people, great company culture, wonderful perks & pay. I get to do great work and then go home and relax. This was a great job to land post-PhD!
it's great to work here.
Facebook is by far the richest learning environment I’ve ever been a part of - they hire top notch people and teams are nimble and highly productive despite how large the company is becoming. Incredible learning opportunities both within and across teams, and more and more flexibility as your career evolves. By far the smartest people I’ve ever worked with.
Fast pace, autonomy, easy to grow projects and scope
Great internal mobility Smart employees Awesome benefits Competitive pay
Great pay, great benefits, beautiful campus, so many great minds all in one place.
Move fast Great one engineering system Awesome perks and free food
Work on products with a lot of impact Strong engineering Solid technical growth Open Culture Engineering Driven
As an employee, you'll feel completely taken care of.
- autonomy - quality coworkers - competitve pay and benefits - good leadership, (we still get to see Mark quite often)
- Amazing campus - Great perks (free food, great benefits, free shuttles to and from work... the list goes on!) -Genuine people -Given the opportunity to change the world -Flexible Schedules
Access to the best resources, money isn’t an issue. Tons of perks. Flexible work environment.
Salary, perks, benefits,work life balance
*Incredible upper management that inspire you everyday *Company truly exudes and practices the principles that are preached *Transparency and opportunity to voice your own opinions *Flexible hours and amazing benefits *At FB you learn something new every day and work with top-notch coworkers and people
Fantastic environment! Awesome people! Great food! Extremely supportive! Unbelievable Tech!
Engineers are trusted with a lot of freedom.
work life balance and salary
People are smart and friendly.
The positive impact that the company is having all over the world is outstanding even if the company doesn't share this externally. There are many professional development opportunities to allow you keep growing. The perks could be a pro like free food, laundry, salon, etc. but I personally found it to feel like the company wants to keep you there instead of going home and having social interactions with people outside of Facebook. But, if you don' t have a strong social support network, it's a great set up. My co-workers were by far the best part of the company!
I work with smart, kind people and get to spend my time working on projects that i'm passionate about.
Open culture, good benefits , good brand to associate with. Free food.flexible work hours, good pay. Xxx xxxx xxxx xxxx
- I am able to have the opportunity to help bring the world closer together. - Being exposed to a diverse community and having the opportunity to share ideas with people from different backgrounds and cultures. -Always having the opportunity to bring about improvement at the workplace without having roadblocks. -Always having the opportunity to be open about ideas and thoughts to improve work processes.
-Leadership empowers you to work on things that you are truly interested in. -Peers/ teammates are supportive and stand behind the companies mission and values. -No top/bottom culture, everyone is treated equal. -Flexible schedule and good work/life balance as long as you get your work done. -Free food/ gym/ etc.
Open culture Not very hierarchical Lots of opportunities to make impact Lots of respect
Benefits - a huge variety of top-notch benefits, so many to list here. But clearly some of the best in the industry. This is what makes people go back to work every day.
I'm a female Software Engineer at Facebook. This is the best company I have ever worked for and am so insanely happy to be here. Every day I wake up excited and grateful to be working here. Even in such a large company, I feel like I get the support I need and while also having impact. Everyone is so smart, nice, and always willing to help.
- Incredible colleagues - Senior managements is unbelievably transparent, honest and accountable. - A lot of people are very mission-oriented - Great place to build the products of the future
good work environment great team cooperation awesome help in career development great benefits
Top-notch benefits & perks, top of market compensation, learn a lot in a fast-paced way, huge amount of resources to tap into and learn from.
Talent people and relaxed environment
Constant development of new technologies
Smart colleagues and exciting projects. Opportunity to see your impact at scale.
- Engineering excellence - Good management - Good culture
Scale of problems we get to solve, working with the smartest folks on the planet, cross-functional projects, working in a strengths-based organization (do what you're good at, and what makes you thrive!), huge believer and DOER when it comes to Diversity--Facebook is actually doing meaningful things behind what we say, benefits, work-life balance, leadership training,...the list goes on and on. It's one of a kind.
Incredibly talented, well-intentioned people. Great perks + flexibility.
Culture, Culture, Culture, Food, Culture
- autonomy - impactful projects - bottom-up culture , top-down initiatives are rare - relatively good work and life balance
Super competitive pay, nice perks though at least in Seattle we dont really have similar perks (discount for lots of shops and tourism places) as Microsoft. Nice building and great great free food and high quality drinks. Smart people around you, interesting projects around you always.
It might be easy to roll your eyes when people from Facebook say how open their culture is, but it's true, it's more open than any other place I've worked at. At a company wide-level, secret projects, public incidents, important non-public business metrics and the like are all openly discussed. You can ask questions about them directly to Zuckerburg at the weekly Q&A. I think the idea is that if everyone is on the same page or at least, differing views are heard, the company will be stronger, and solutions may be offered from a place you didn't expect. This is much different from previous companies I worked at, where discussions on internal email lists would be shut down by some lawyer saying that there's certain things that can't be discussed, and important data is divided up to groups and individuals on a "need to know" basis, etc.  This culture applies at a lower level too. You feel comfortable giving feedback to each other about each other, about product decisions, about management, etc. The flipside of this openness is that you of course, have to be willing to receive the feedback, you have to recognize that while openness and feedback is highly encouraged, decisions have to get made, and actions and data are more valuable than words. At the higher level, since the company trusts employees with access to so much information, keeping such info confidential from the outside world is taken seriously.  It's a great place to work as an engineer. You're given a lot of freedom, but it's also a responsibility to make sure you're doing things that are valuable. You don't get much credit for working hard or being smart if you don't produce valuable output.  One cool thing about Facebook, in contrast to other comparable companies (Google, Amazon, and Microsoft, though in truth, FB is much smaller), is how they have a pretty singular focus. Even with the differing areas (including advertising and such), they do a good job of keeping their eye on their mission of connecting as many people as possible. I also think they are way more empathetic to their users than most people give them credit for. It seems like popular opinion has it that FB is arrogant and only cares about its users insomuch as they represent $-signs. From within the company, it didn't feel this way at all. I saw a lot of empathy towards users, and a lot effort spent to improve or things or fix broken things with no direct financial benefit. The strategy is not complex. The thinking is that if they can make FB easier and more fun to use, then more people will use it for more time each day (which will also have a network effect of attracting even more people to use it), then the advertising dollars will follow. Of course, it is true that FB wants to make the audience more accessible to advertisers as well, but there are a lot of people at FB who care about privacy and security.  They have really good infrastructure and really great ways to share the infrastructure and code. They have a lot of cool internal tools, and what they've built is really impressive, and more importantly, it helps your team build products faster without having to solve problems that someone else already solved. Every software company tries to do this, but FB seems to have been more successful with it. Perhaps it's because they're still relatively small, but if anything, I can at least say it is very cool while it lasts.  The perks and work environment are great, unless you're one of those types that can't stand open office spaces. I've worked in both a private office and open offices in multiple companies. While I do think a private office has some benefits, I mostly think it's a personal luxury for the employee and a huge waste of money for the company. I'd much rather have the money go into other areas like salary, benefits, and other workplace improvements rather than the added real estate necessary to have offices.  Of course, you've heard about the food and snacks. They have an amazing selection of great stuff, and what I like about it is that it sort of goes above and beyond expectations. Sure, some days, lunch is better than others, but I really can't complain, and the selection of drinks and snacks is amazing. It's not like you should work at FB just because of that, but it demonstrates FB's desire to make work as fun and convenient as possible.  You'll be surrounded by people who like being there. I can't think of a better environment to work in. If you have a giant ego, you may not like it as much. Respect is definitely given to those that have deep experience in the industry, and they are expected to lead others and mentor more junior employees. However, if for whatever reason, you can't perform at the level expected, no one is going to care if you did this and that at Google or shipped ten things at MS, etc.  FB also has a lot of fun events, and I made a lot of friends working there, so going to the events was fun. Also, if you're older and worried that FB is just a bunch of 22-year-olds, and that you won't fit in, I wouldn't worry about that. FB does have a lot of young employees (who are really smart btw), and it does hire a lot of people straight out of college, but it also attracts a lot of experienced engineers from other top companies like Google, MS, Amazon, etc.  Work-life-balance seemed totally normal to me. It may be different depending on your team, but I felt you could do 40-50 hours of work a week for the most part and you would be totally fine. It's about what you produce, not how hard you're working. Other team members who had children would work normal hours and go home at normal times. I didn't see any of these folks have a problem when they left early to take care of their child or things like that. Of course, there could be times that people are expected to work extra if something critical happens, but for the most part everyone wants to avoid this and this happens sparingly, from what I observed. Now, there were many times where I chose to work late myself, but I never felt any pressure to do so. The caveat is that there are on-call rotations, and in addition, even if you are not on-call, you are expected to be reasonably available if the on-call person needs your help. However, again, no one wants this, and your team will work on ways to avoid these situations.  The best thing I can say is that working at FB is about productivity. I didn't experience and political bs and it was a pleasure working with a group of people who were all concerned with producing a good product and making the best of the time spent while doing it.
Facebook is very big and stable company, as its work life balance is better than startups, its pay is quite competitive if you consider liquidity.
Great pay, great free food ,great people, fun environment. Very fun place to work. Career path is there it just amazing the to work with these smart people.
Amazing perks and benefits. FB is used internally and truly feels like a community - something I haven never experienced at any other company before.  It's a place to explore your passions with classes in the arts, a music room, running clubs, health center, etc. Everything is at your fingertips.
Fast-paced work environment working on cutting edge technology. The culture is open and supportive with good collaboration. The perks are good and help save time.
Awesome benefits and culture overall.
Too many amazing perks to name
Facebook is doing things no one else in the world is, and the work itself is really cool. Compensation is astronomical. Coworkers are almost all highly competent. As an out LGBTQ person of color, Athis is probably the most inclusive place I’ve ever worked at.
Amazing benefits unlike any other company I've heard of, great people
If you're smart and good at software engineering, this place is the best for your career development. Excellent people, excellent food, excellent pay.
very good environment. all teammates are energetic and hardworking.
All tge benefits, very smart people, great problems to work on, infinite amount of data
-They care about their employees -They truly make it a fun and worry-free place for us. ( amenities are amazing) -The work is very satisfying -The people here truly care about the mission
enjoyful environment 24*7 support salary and convence
Depending on the level the salary changes.
Flexible hours. Healthy food, dynamic/ energetic environment. Working with top-notch engineers/ analysts in the world.
Lots of high-impact work, great management visibility, flexible working hours, great culture
Amazing culture and high impact environment.
I love to experience the growth of students and watches their thoughts turn into passions. My job is so fulfilling I work with high school students I know since they were in 6th grade. I counsel, I encourage, I listen and guide their education through out high school.
very good compensation and overall benefits
- culture of collaboration - great perks and benefits - lots of growth opportunities - opportunity to travel - they truly care about their employees - they have employee clubs
Facebook really respects its employees and is very interested in diversity and that everyone is treated and compensated fairly. Zuck is a great leader
Smart, driven management and leadership across the board Zuck's Q&As make me feel very lucky The work is interesting and fast moving You work with brilliant people from all over the world The campus perks are incomparable
As a company, Facebook cares about their employees. I feel excited about heading in to work each morning!  Opportunities for learning and growth, flexibility to work on projects you're passionate about, Smart Peers, Superb benefits, wonderful campus, Gender equity!
Free food, lots of food, food is good
Great management, good benefits, good work/life balance
For a new grad coming out of university, there is no better place than Facebook to jump start my career at.  1. Great food , 3 times a day. This is the norm in big techies though, so nothing exceptional here.  2. Awesome idea of bootcamp. All new people, regardless of the amount of experience, start in a 8 weeks-ish bootcamp. This is ideal for ramping up on the company wide infrastructure ( since almost all the sw in facebook is homegrown ). Also, you get to choose your team at job fairs. How cool !  3. Transparent culture from top to bottom. I have not faced a single experience in my time here so far ( ~1 year ) , where I felt that the company was not taking care of me.  4. Perks , perks everywhere ! Too many to list
Best benefits, supportive environment, great and transparent pay, great internal mobility, in touch and compassion management, forward looking, and employee centric.
Great work culture Lots of opportunities Good perks Some pretty smart people Company Vision
- Great benefits, especially if you have dependents. - Good autonomy to conduct your own analysis as a Data Scientist
-High paying company that values performance over tenure. -The best benefits and flexibility in the Bay Area. -Working with some of the brightest people in technology.
At the rate the company is expanding, you have ample opportunity for personal growth as well
* An amazing amount of resources (including a completely open & greppable codebase) for engineers to teach themselves just about anything * Really awesome internal tools * Unbelievable compensation & perks * The company trusts & believes in its employees * You become associated with the Facebook brand * Also a con, but you have a ton of freedom in what you work on
Best company I’ve ever worked at. I’ve worked for start-ups and Fortune 500 and while Facebook is already established, things change so quickly here where you still feel the start-up culture. You also get to work with extremely smart, diverse and humble people which makes this place so unique.
Crazy pace of Growth Opportunities to learn and gain new skills Working on cutting edge tech with other smart people Culture - accepting and caring. Transparent and open. Perks- benefits are great and lots of learning tools and new technologies available
DJ in every building. Persona of "great place to work" so most of the employees do their best to keep a brave face. The atmosphere has a tentative feel to it where most are not sure what is around the corner. Stay Strong!
Truly supports employees being their authentic selves and leveraging their strengths.
Smart people, exciting work, fun working environment, amazing employee benefits
1. Smart colleagues 2. real impact 3. Good engineer environement
Everything is better than any other place I have worked
I had 5+ years of pre-FB experience in tech and other industries, including others consistently in Glassdoor Top 10. I don't regret joining FB:  - I've learned an incredible amount about a new tech stack and product management for ads in only a few months. Not all my peers are brilliant about all things (which is good, as I'm certainly not) but every one of them is smarter than I am about at least one thing, and it takes very little time to find out what.  - Data and logic rule here -- not always, not entirely, but enough. There is enough of a culture of rigor to metrics that we still have a North Star when in the weeds.  - The perks are great. I have gotten broken glasses fixed by the dry cleaner for only a low tax rate. The food is shockingly good for the scale of the cafes, and I'm impressed every day by the whole MPK service operation.  - Workplace is much better than emails as a site for debate/discussion about what to do. Also a con, because it generates a game of how-should-i-react-on-Workplace all its own, and in a more public record.
- Great work culture - AMAZING perks
Perks Pay People you work with Work impacts billions
Free food, bikes to get from one building to another, great pay
I've been at Facebook for 6 months. I've never been one for loyalty to my job or my company, but at least in Social VR, my team are some of the most genuinely supportive and caring people I've ever met in my life and I really feel like they accept me and will be there for me both when I need things at work and when I'm having personal difficulties. I'm given full autonomy to pursue the things that I think are most important. My team is incredibly diverse (including transgender, black, Asian, Pacific Islander, Latino, and an unusually high percentage of women) which shows both an extraordinary commitment to diversity and gives me faith that the product will be built to serve diverse customers. And the backgrounds of the people on my team are shockingly elite, with many projects on their resumes that are immediately familiar to and admired by me. I'm also proud that Facebook has so many people at the very top who are strongly committed to VR - like Zuckerberg's ambitious announcement at OC4 that his goal is to have a billion people in VR.
Engineers gets to choose what to work on Work and learn from the best people in the field Fair rating and bonus procees
From the start, Facebook has been amazing.  Bootcamp was a great experience, not too many companies let a new grad spend 6-8 weeks searching for a good team fit. They let you pick a team, which essentially means you get to pick your tech stack (Backend, Front-end, Mobile, Infrastructure), the org you work for (Messenger, Facebook, Oculus, Instagram, etc.). More importantly, you get to pick your manager + team mates, where as in other large companies, it's the other way around, you are assigned to a product & org & manager whether you like it or not. This is way different compared to Google's opaque 'host matching' process and Microsoft where they just randomly place you in a division like Azure or Office.  The company values really shine through every day. Before Facebook I thought the concept of company values was kind of corny and B.S. Now that I'm at FB I can at least say that here the company values are actually values held by top management + majority of the workforce and not just marketing / HR speak.  Everyday I really feel like we are moving fast and shipping a lot of product very quickly. We A/B test lots of features, analyze the data, and swiftly decide what to ship to the public. I never feel stuck, I always feel like I'm either implementing an A/B test or analyzing data so we can ship more features. There are not long product cycles with lots of prognostication from product leadership, we build, measure, then learn. Thats it.  I feel everyday that we have an open culture. At Facebook, we use Workplace, a tool thats kind of like Facebook but for corporations, made by you guessed it... Facebook. Within Workplace, just like normal FB, there are a ton of groups. I'm in a bunch of groups and basically get visibility on decision making + product updates + news from every part of our org. I feel like I'm in the loop and just learn so much about FB / product by reading my Workplace newsfeed. For example, today I read a research report about internet users in India, learned some stuff about dynamic ads, and saw one of the senior leaders announce a new partnership deal. All of that info isn't directly relevant to my day-to-day job, but because its all there and open to anyone, I learn so much and have so much clarity into FB's product vision & company objectives. Mark or Shreyl do Q & A's every Friday. Between hearing top leadership speak, and reading updates from every part of the company on Workplace, I feel that FB is a very open and transparent place to work.  There are many other pros and cultural values that I like but let me get to a major pro to end this review. Food! Here's just a sample from today! I ate these 3 meals today at the company cafe 2 mins walk away from my desk.  Breakfast: Soft Boiled Egg + Been + Cheese + Salsa Tostada. Organic Blueberries & Blackberries. Hemp & Pumpkin seeds.  Lunch: Vegetarian Pho with Sous Vide Eggs, Tofu, Steamed Cabbage, Green Onions, Cilantro, & Bean Sprouts in it. Added Sriracha and Chili Oil to spicen it up. Thai Iced Tea Bobba (Bubble) Tea.  Dinner (today was Jamaican themed): Sweet Potato & Corn Casserole, Collared Greens, Fried Plantains, & Quinoa. I also got a slice of cheese pizza :)  Dessert: Mango Cheesecake made with Graham Cracker Crust.  By the way, the menu rotates, and at the HQ, there are a ton of cafes to choose from so way more options for food are there.
Independendence -> reducing though Scale Impact of work Move really fast Switch teams
Good people and nice area
free food, almost unlimited flexibility, fully stocked snacks, every kind of coffee you can think of, amazing benefits, top 90% for pay. The list goes on and on
Lots of freedom - you are the master of your own career. You get full credit for your achievements (with a cost of taking full responsibility).  Retains its "move fast" culture - you can get a lot of meaningful work done.  Smart and proficient colleagues - you can learn a lot regardless of your level!  Compensation is fair and sweet.
Ability to drive impact from day one. Incredibly lean teams, great management exposure, people bring their authentic selves. Fantastic wellness benefits, amazing restaurants on campus, great shuttle service throughout the Bay.
• Great culture • Very smart people around • Amazing teammates • Flexibility to choose teams/projects at the beginning and later very easy to switch if you like. • Great resources within the company to keep learning • Great perks (specially the food, it’s awesome and free)
Every day involves solving difficult problems with a bunch of very bright people. We're rewarded well for this, and everyone treats each other with mutual respect.
I've been at Facebook for about a year and a half and it is the first company i've worked for that's truly walked the walk in terms of standing by it's mission and values. The people that I work with care deeply about their users and about the company as a whole and Facebook cares deeply and invests in those employees as well. The problems are large scale and complex, but the people working to solve them are the best of the best. I come to work everyday and enjoy my job, I feel appreciated, secure in my role, and that I personally make an impact every day. It's a rare feeling.  Perks are insane, benefits are humbling and the people I work with are smart, funny and dynamic. Can't recommend the company enough.
Great opportunity to deliver strongly customer oriented service to market. huge number of talented and creative colleges to build an innovative solution
- Incredible benefits - Excellent compensation that rewards strong performance - Lots of autonomy - Tons of room for growth - Very transparent from the top down - Strong leadership - Intelligent and caring colleagues - The most fair and well thought out review process you will find everywhere - Exciting work
Strong leadership. Lots of autonomy. Intelligent and caring colleagues.
Given the number of employees relative to the size of the company, you always get to work on something meaningful, interesting, and challenging. Compensation is good, hours are great, travel is extremely manageable for most roles, and managers do a great job of balancing between using current strengths and developing new skills in preparation for future roles. The food is also great.
One of the best internships out there. Had a great summer internship with them for two years in a row now. Interned at HQ and the Seattle office and all the offices have their own little perks. Interns get all the same perks as full-time and more including housing and intern events.
Smart, driven employees empowered to be impactful and efficient.
Empowerment, culture, infrastructure, autonomy, impact, comp
Working on great projects. Continuous innovation and learning. Transparency. Strong leadership. Good culture.
Amazing Benefits Competitive Salary Promotions come quick and fast if you work smart and hard Culture of sharing and cooperation Lots of growth oppurtunity and ability to level up your technical skills including formal classes
Many interesting engineering problems to work on. Many smart coworkers. Ideas come from engineers bottom up. Open culture. Awesome perks.
If you want to work with the brightest and best, this is the place to be at. People here are really on top of their game.
Autonomy and freedom to work on projects you're interested in Great bootcamp training Everyone is incredibly intelligent and executes well
Pay/compensation is top notch. Independence. Dev environment is a dream for php devs. Variety of tech/products. Great benefits (food, gym). Same salary in seattle as California.
great benefit and self time pacing
Independence, fast pace, high impact
outstanding benefits, good people overall
The company culture is really great, which is like night and day for productivity.
very good place to work at so nice
I've been at Facebook for 7 months now as a Product Manager after 3 years as an entrepreneur and a freelance product and growth consultant. I've noticed the following:  1) The company embodies "move fast". If you can prove you can create a vision and build momentum for a product and a team, you will be given the reins to move as fast as you can at FB. I've taken a project from 0 to 1 to launch in 4 countries in 4 months.  2) The company embodies "be bold". There are no "small swings" around here. There might be a lot of incremental work, optimization and tweaking on all fronts but when the company realizes progress needs to be done in an area, it's no holds barred. The big bet I'm currently leading has lead to 2 teams merging and org structures adapting to enable that shift.  3) The company embodies "be open" - There is a transparency to the decision making, be it at team level or at management and leadership level I've never encountered before. It's refreshing to be able to ask any question I want to Mark every Friday during the Q&A for instance.
- Opportunity to build a product that billions of people use around the world - Great perks (health benefits, food, environment, transport, bonuses) - Great culture focused on connecting the world. - Good tools
- extremely smart people - remarkably transparent company across orgs and teams
I feel empowered to work on what I care about and generally enabled.
Perks: Food, good pay, lots of events and technical challenges, smart coworkers, interesting work, lots of different types of tech, cutting edge tech
Autonomy, Flexibility in Position, Modern Environment.
It's great working here, there's nowhere else I'd rather be. You are working with very smart people who are energized and believe in the work they are doing. You will be rewarded for doing well, and for the company doing well. You are empowered and encouraged to wield influence and ship products that can literally affect billions of people, no matter what level you are at. There is also a lot of food.
Amazingly progressive in so many aspects. Being bold and taking risks while thinking outside of the box are truly appreciated. Feedback is openly given and requested at all levels and incorporated into changes (where warranted) quickly.
Flexible hours. High impact projects. Highly talented co-workers. Great perks. Challenging problems that touch billions of lives. Great for getting mentorship.
Wellness reimbursement, lots of opportunities, interesting work, generous relocation policies, good compensation
Comp, benefits, and perks are incredible.  Company culture is so, so good. I've had two great managers who both have done an excellent job supporting my growth and guiding my career.  It also feels like senior and C-level management really cares about employees. It feels like Facebook the company really tries to support me as a whole person (but be sure to ask for what you need! nobody's a mind reader).  For eng, bootcamp and team selection are such a good idea. I freaking love my team, and I get to own my decision to join that team (rather than some hiring/allocation manager deciding where I get to go).  Very few operational rules/bureaucracy. I can ssh into any machine I need to. If someone's fighting a fire anywhere in the company and I am able to help, I feel like I can always jump in to help. I really like Infra, so being at a big company like FB is super fun.
Not even sure where to start. It goes without saying that this company takes GREAT care of its employees, and then some. The work is challenging and super intense, but the positive and collaborative cultre, along with all of the perks/benefits offered, make the intensity much easier to deal with as opposed to any other company I've worked for.  I've been at FB for a bit over four months, but I knew during my interviews (btw these were the hardest interviews I've ever had) that this was the place to be. From application to job offer, it took 6 weeks. When I got the offer, it was so strong that there as no need to negotiate. When I got the job and relocated from NY to CA, the relocation package was was so good I didn't have to raise a finger or spend a dime. Already knew at that point that this company knows how to retain talent.  This place truly rewards merit, courage, and being outspoken. Management is aware enough (at least in my space) to place me in a role that plays to my strengths, and I've enjoyed th freedom to make my role what I want to be. They are very outspoken when you're performing well and are honest about things that need improvement. If you have a good idea that is supported by data and aligns well with the goals of your team or whatever your target population may be, you will find resources or people to join you in your efforts. From hackathons to day-to-day work, this culture permeates every area of the company.  One thing that strikes me the most is how strong the diverse community (however small) is within this company. There are a lot of resources put towards ERG/FBRG efforts, and as a diverse employee, this means A LOT to me.  I know the norm is to move around the industry every five years or so, but I don't see myself leaving this company for a long time. In just four months, I feel deeply rooted here, and I intend be here for a while. If you're reading this, there should be no question about applying, interviewing, or accepting an offer. You'll be happy that you made the decision.
No place like it. Move fast and break things. Every day feels like a week. What would you do if you weren't afraid. These are things written on the walls. Most satisfying job I've ever had
People are great to work with.
reasonable work life balance, free meals, free gym membership
Open culture, Innovation, smart people, great benefits & perks
Great culture overall. Good benefits. Smart people.
tons of resources, perks, benefits, collaboration and exciting products
Very fun environment to work
We have ping-pong tables, arcades, free snacks and a lot of entertainment.
great perks and benefits, challenging and positive vibe.
Good benefits, flexible work hours, generally passionate and smart people
Work Life Balance Flexibility Tons of Perks Care for their employees Awesome review cycles Logistics of transport are on point Awesome management Flexibility
People are their authentic selves here at FB Benefits are incredible CEO COO CFO are approachable and genuine FB Goal of connecting the world makes work purposeful
one of the best places to work
Lots of flexibility/responsibility. Well taken care of financially and well fed.
Open culture, friendly co-workers, people genuinely trying to do good.
Excellent Company! Good! Really Good!
Surrounded by great people. Really interesting work. Amazing amenities. Good values woven into the fabric of the company. Transparent leaders who focus on the right stuff continually.
Awesome hands on learning experience.
best salary ever considering the amount of work done
Really great team. Amazing perks and swag. Awesome food and sweets Chance of learning from the best
I love working with smartest people on the planet and problems at incredible scale. The open culture is a bit shocking at first, but you'll get used to it.  You are only limited by your own skills and imagination. Having 6 weeks of bootcamp where you just learn how things work and have virtually zero obligations is a great way of on-boarding people. I worked with 4 different teams before deciding what I want to focus on and couldn't be happier.
- Work with smart people that actually care about the world - Regular Q&A's with amazing leadership (Mark Zuckerberg & Sheryl Sandberg, etc.) - SO many resources to excel in your job (tools, people, classes, etc.) - Open culture (I'm very open with my manager and my team) and feedback is always encouraged - Lots of programs to stay healthy (gym, Health Center, Dentist, Nutritionists, etc.)
Challenging, fast-paced, and lots to learn. Great benefits, though some of them seem a bit unnecessary and wasteful (I don't need another free t-shirt every time we move buildings).
Flexible working hours, good perks, really smart can capable team mates.
Ever since I joined straight out of college, I've experienced nothing short of greatness at Facebook. The employees are extremely bright. The career opportunities are right in front of me. The CEO truly cares about the world outside of his company.  I'm indebted to Facebook for giving a wide-eyed college grad the opportunity to make an impact in the world around me.
free food, transportation benefits, gym reimbursment
- Great Pay - Awesome benefits - Takes care of employees very well
It used to be a fun place to work, but now it feels more like a grind house for thousands of engineers.  - Your work affects millions of people. At least they tell you so. - Good food and cool campus. So it gives 2nd star.
- Benefits are second to none. They give you a lot but they also expect a lot from you as well.  - The company is innovating and revenue growth is phenomenal. Which means the equity value grows significantly YoY.  - Comp is good here. Facebook generally overpays a lot of recruiters compared to Google, Amazon, and Microsoft. This could be attributed to desperation because of how difficult it's been to hire recruiters.
Motivating, Mission-driven, perks (food, gym benefit, laundry, etc), high responsibility, 21 vacation days, unlimited sick days, easy to switch between roles
- free food - free transportation
I do whatever I want all day. Literal dream job.
* Most free and self actualizing environment I have ever worked in. * I am encouraged to pursue my strengths and passions through out the organization. * I have an awesome manager that actually works to empower me to do my best work. * Tons of perks and awesome benefits
* Smart employees * lots of ownership over your work * room to advance * excellent pay and benefits
Smart, kind and considerate people (for the most part). Salary isn't bad, but total compensation [RSU + Bonus + Salary] and benefits is really hard to beat. Company is growing, there are a lot of opportunities for personal and professional growth.
Personal and family leave, growth opportunities, open environment, friendly atmosphere, work from home Wednesdays, ethical business practices, unlimited sick days, diverse staff.
Encourages uncommon ideas, move fast and break things
The people, culture and pure brilliance around you. I’m constantly being challenged everyday which keeps things exciting. An AMPLE amount of free food is another great perk.
Incredible people. Mission driven. Tons of autonomy to make an impact.
The PROs are the people you're working with and things you're capable of learning so quickly. Any pace is what works best for you.
Facebook is great. We have amazing perks, financial freedom to do amazing work and coworkers that will push you to become a better professional and person.  What sticks out most to me is that the company is accutley aware that it won't be able to reach it's long term goals without tenured (more than 2-3 years) employees. It goes to great lengths to remove everyday hassles from your life so you can spend more time doing the things you love outside of work and when life happens (babies, relocation, bereavement) it's most amazing perk shines through. The people around you come together to support you and give you the time you deserve to move through life changes.  They really look at it through the lens of "if the employee is happy and taken care of then they'll do the best work of their career". This doesn't mean that everyone will work 80 hours a week. If you question this, ask to see the office at 6pm. It's pretty empty. Most people leave closer to 4.
Even though it is a big company, I have seen more autonomy here than at a startup. People are welcome to bring your best ideas and encouraged to propose and pursue them. There is no authority that will sit on a high chair and say you shouldn't build out your idea. It is also welcomed to bring a thought- provoking, risky, big bet ideas and experiment on them to validate the hypothesis rather than debating them over and over. People trust each other to be top talents, so there is little to no micro management.
Super helpful co-workers, nice engineering tools and infrastructure, very little process in the way
work with people working with people for overall success. it helps a community stay in touch with one another on various important subjects for overall success in social, and business relations.
Open and transparent culture, smart co-workers, great perks.
You get to interact with smart people, use high-level analytical skills to solve complex problems, and access unparalleled resources, perks, and food. This is a fantastic place to work.
Company is good, people are great. Benefits are amazing.
Facebook is an amazing place to work with amazing benefits and a great compensation plan. I'm never doing the same project, constantly being engaged in new challenges and have amazing support from my coworkers and managers. I'll probably stay here forever
Company is very data driven, so its a good place to work as an analyst. Perks (free food, parties) are nice. Very open culture.
Great collaborative atmosphere. Always feel supported
Great culture. Awesome leadership on all levels.
- Benefits are amazing - Products are fun to work on - Easy to determine the value added - No bull atmosphere
The working environment is very good. People are professional and helpful. As an intern you can learn a lot during the three-month internship. Many benefits and perks and the food is also very good.
Amazing people and opportunities within the program Gets you involved with the tech environment and coorporations, including Facebook itself. Great for growing experience, knowing people, and feeling self-rewarded for helping others.
- Great culture. - Inspiring leadership - Excellent autonomy -- teams are self-empowered to define success and how to get the work done - Totally ridiculous benefits -- especially if you are lucky to work on the main campus in Menlo Park
Great culture, strong diversity at employee level, great perks and facilities.
*Company's open culture translates to my team very well, making it easy to communicate thoughts and feelings *Family oriented team, most people are out by 5, and those with kids are out by 430. Director has 3 kids, . *Really interesting problems to solve *Empathetic teammates *Incredible perks, company really cares about employees
Seven year into my professional career and 4 companies later, hands down the best place I have ever worked at.  Quality of work - Working with the smartest people in the world makes me smarter and improves the quality of my work - Being able to define my role and my impact brings the company's mission closer to my passion  Quality of life - 100% organic, in-house cooked meals 3 times a day + stocked micro-kitchens - Best medical coverage + world class medical facilities on campus - Shipping facility, laundry, bike repair shop, gym, transportation, IT help desks at every corner, access to all kinds of tools and facilities - + a lot more..
FB takes care of their employees really really well.
- Work with and learn from world-class talents - Worldwide reach with impact on billions on people - Great flexibility and project opportunities
Perks Perks Perks!!!! The interview process is long and grueling but for good reason. You will find the best of the best working here. The pay is above the industry standard. Freedom to work on projects you are interested in.
A lot of free snacks/food, great culture and generous salary
Can not ask for better. Amazing. Great. Work life balance. On top of all companies I worked for.
everyone is extremely respectful, and everyone knows how to work with people
From the moment you walk in the door, it is very evident the company goes to great lengths to make you feel welcome and cared for. From a slew of on-campus food choices, to a gym, and a Disney-like feel to the campus, the place really pushes the bar to what working at a company feels like on the surface.
Impact, scale, the learning, tools, smart coworkers, the perks (free food!), reputation / resume name value, the compensation, internal mobility.
Love the college campus-like feel, the open culture, and the high level of trust placed on all employees.
Amazing Benefits, I love the CEO and COO, there is amazing job stability, there is opportunity to attend conferences and learn, the company provides a fun atmosphere for their employees, the work is interesting, the people are interesting
I've had a pretty glowing experience at Facebook. In fact I'm concerned it's ruined me for other companies. Aside from all the great benefits, it has a great company culture, great people and offers a lot of autonomy and opportunity.
Top compensation and benefits, working with people who are the best at what they do and push you to do your best work, company trusts their employees, lots of visibility from senior management.
Great compensation, good reputation, free food & snack
Flexibility to work from home Autonomy in work Family friendly Flexibility to move teams Perks Amenities on campus Medical benefits Shuttle services Challenging work space Plenty opportunities to hack and build new ideas
Incredibly talented, intelligent, and self aware people to work with everyday. Mission driven company with a lot of freedom for self expression, discussion, and openness.
* work with competent people * work impacts billions of people * lots of freedom, you generally get to choose what you want to work on as long as you can prove your abilities (in performance reviews) * pay is good, as well as all the perks
Working Environment, Benefits, mission statement, training and education, Free Food. The Team
Super smart people to work with, great and exciting work
Nice and passionate people. Lots of work for engineers. Many opportunities. Many supports for employees. Many of employees are smart.
Good perks and other facilities like food is awesome, transport and other perks.
Best place to work, total freedom on kind of work, great culture and values, brilliant people and awesome food.
Very good work life balance.
Nice team and company perks
I'm a software engineer who has been at Facebook for almost a year. It is hands down the best place I have ever worked.  To be frank, I didn't have high expectations going in that it would be very different from the misogynistic cultures I've had to navigate at previous companies.  Before working at Facebook, I'd kind of come to accept that being a female engineer would always be a somewhat isolating existence and the best I could do would be to find a team with 90% great colleagues and just try and avoid the creepy and rude ones as much as possible. I'd seen that as long as they performed well (or held some other utilitarian value for the company) they would always have a place in a company and their treatment of women would be an open secret and accepted.  Honestly, my first couple months at Facebook made me aware of how much effort I'd been spending navigating those types of situations.  It's incredible working with people who assume your competence rather than constantly having to battle to prove yourself.  It's amazing seeing constant efforts towards dissecting internalized biases and senior male employees openly discussing their efforts to catch themselves unconsciously interrupting people. It's laughable to try to imagine this happening at my previous companies.  It's so precious being able to find a place where you can just focus on your work.
Friendly environment with best engineers
You meet everybody. It's a great way to meet people. And it's very sociable. I loved working at this place
Everything seems too good to be true, but I haven't heard anybody stating that it ever ends
The food is free and always delicious.
Position was through PRO Unlimited, Inc. @ Facebook. Great place to work with a lot of in-house perks ... food/drinks etc.
FB really embraces bringing different ways of thinking to the work place because it is the right thing to do but also because it makes the work better. They study everything and then to the best thing - if you don't like data, don't come here! All voices are equal & everyone is encouraged to participate in the conversation. In fact, if you don't - that is bad. But be prepared to back up what you say. And know you will get direct feedback on how you can get better, because we all can. Feedback is real and designed to help you get better, not judge you. Overall, an amazing place that moves fast towards a clear mission that everyone in the company is behind. Leadership is open & very strong.
- In FB you work hard but FB also works hard to make you happy.
- At it's best working at Facebook is fast paced, fun and extremely impactful. I've been given opportunities to work with many great colleagues who care deeply about the work that you're doing and will challenge and encourage you to do better. - Support staff at Facebook is amazing whether it be the people who greet you in the morning, facilities, IT, the security guards, chefs, or the the people who work at the gym. Everyone is super friendly and has your best interest at heart. It's like going to work at a 5 Star Hotel every single day :) - Feedback is taken very seriously and typically acted upon. For example a couple of years ago Facebook didn't offer 4 months paternity leave for employees outside of the US and after receiving feedback from international employees this was policy was expanded globally - Perks are amazing, free food, gym (or membership for offices without gyms), laundry, great healthcare.
Aside from the countless perks that are literally too long to list out here, one of the best things about this company is it's people. Everyone goes above and beyond to help each other to succeed. It truly is a team effort.  Upon arriving to the office every morning, everyone from the reception staff to your team says hello to you, and genuinely is interested in your life. People love coming to work every morning and are excited about what they do here every day, and it shows.  Many companies as competitive as this expect a lot from their employees, and so does Facebook. However, they also encourage a healthy work/ life balance, ensuring their employees are taking enough time off (either by working reasonable hours every day, and/or actually using all of their PTO) to be able to stay fresh and ready to work when at work.
Smart people Great perks Employer cares about employees
+ Tremendous autonomy: It is still very much a culture where you are expected to find impact and deliver. + Fast paced culture: Very few people try to stop you from getting things done. Everyone values the benefits of iteration + Easy internal mobility: No interview, no BS. Everything was decided in a day for me. + Great perks: Comp, food, office space, healthcare, you name it! + Exciting work: Facebook is building everything from social media to VR, React to airplanes.
Move fast, exciting project. Bottom up culture that make things interesting and possible
I really feel as though I've found my people.  I've had this dissonance in past roles: ever since academia years ago, I've been out of the "research" phase and into the "engineer at a X company" stage, where "X" is occasionally a software product but more often a service or commercial product. The culture was not one of making the right things, but making the profitable thing now. Driven by sales people, there was a lot of grandstanding, peacocking, both in the culture and in the message.  Facebook has my people, my culture. We do things in the way that scales and makes engineering sense. Sure, perfect is the enemy of good enough, but if a temporary shortcut remediates a problem or a need, it's quickly iterated to improve, all the while immersed in a tech culture: Pusheen, Archer, Dr Who, Starwars, memes, the micro-actions that continually reinforce a culture-fit or a culture-miss.  I'm in the culture fit. Sure, I get a very competitive salary, plus my tech chops improve (when C++ gurus review your work, your C++ quality improves), and the food, and the perks, but above all, this is the place I feel I most fit.  I'm in my mid-40s. I "get schooled" my mid-20s. ...and it's awesome.
- Extremely talented staff - Excellent development environment - Strong feedback in code reviews - Flexible work location - Convenient services provided (shuttles, food, laundry, gym, etc)
Flexibility, work with smart people, all the tools you need to get your job done, amazing leadership, work-life balance
Solid infrastructure and a great focus in 'getting things done'
Opportunities for massive impact on the world, talented colleagues, resources, perks
There are an endless amount of pros about working at Facebook. If I were to pick one pro out of all of them - it's the people. Whatever you heard or read about Facebook really doesn't give the place enough credit. I'm not in HR/recruiting or even management, but I do see a common trend in everyone they bring on board. Everyone is smart, motivated, non-judgemental, and freakishly CARING. There are so many people with heart at FB.  To be honest, you can be one heck of a coder, but if you're selfish - I don't think you will get hired here. I've previously worked at Google and MSFT, FB blows both of them out of the water (maybe I'm a little biased). Other pro's of course are...  + Free world class food options all day long on the main campus cafeteria (MPK 20/21).This includes great snacks/drink options everywhere else as well. + Fantastic PPO/HMO health care options. The premiums are very reasonable. + Resources. They will give you everything you need so you can do an amazing job - period. Hardware, software, etc... + Did I mention the people? :)
Opportunity to choose projects that you are excited about. Projects are driven from bottom up, with leaders just giving advice rather than orders. everyone is really smart but humble, the culture lacks office politics, amazing company leaders
Great team, challenging projects, clear vision
- lots of career opportunities - great perks - great culture
Autonomy, PAY, Perks, Very transparent
Work with some of the smartest people, Lots of opportunities, Great benefits,
Free food Commute shuttle Nice campus Flat structure Management really cares about employees Decent health care plan compared to other companies but not the best
Amazing coworkers, great comp, great work environment, and great perks.
The perks are unbeatable and it's a great place to start a career, learn how to function in a fast-paced environment, and learn the principles of work/life balance.
Amazing people, culture, product, and collaboration model. Very happy at the company overall and impressed w the vision. Love the company.
Facebook is truly a best-in-class company. They hire the brightest people. The leadership is truly transparent and addresses any new projects or ongoing concerns. The perks are amazing and the opportunity for growth are endless. I love it here
Mission, Culture and Benefits are the best!
The list of pros is endless: - Company culture (they don't just talk the talk - the culture really IS as good as it sounds, if not better) - The most brilliant people in the world are your coworkers and friends - Amazing managers and management philosophy - Endless opportunities to grow, learn, stretch, move around, change, and to have impact - Best perks you'll ever find (amazing benefits, pto, parental leave, food, wellness, the list goes on) - Incredible leaders (Mark, Sheryl, Schrep, etc) with visions for the future and love for what they do - Facebook TRULY cares about its people above all else  I could go on and on - Its the #1 place to work for a reason.
Competitive compensation package if you join the company at the right time (when stock price is low.) Otherwise it won't be too attractive unless you are E5.  Lots of things to learn in the company, good benefit.  If you can get a management role, you will be in haven. Most of the managers their life is very very easy, they only need to care about their team don't get downsize in the political wrestling.
big opportunity and fast-moving, great for individs that like ambiguity
Smart co-workers Rewarding work Great perks and benefits Competitive salary
Culture is carefully engineered to be a great place to work. Engineers are given great benefits and compensation, a lot of autonomy, and a lot of resources to grow.
great food, smart people, you don't take your work home with you
Great contractor benefits such as shuttle transportation from the city, and a variety of food and snack options to fit any diet. You can also get involved in the many diverse social and sports clubs, and meet other employees that way. The Menlo Park campus is beautiful, and Facebook provides a variety of facilities and spaces for employees even when they're not working.
Great opportunities, lots of perks, A teams!
Amazing inclusive, open, honest, caring culture. Perks are amazing (free gourmet food, 4-months paid parental leave, $$ for gym/fitness activities you can use for ski passes), no shortage of interesting problems to solve, working with wickedly smart people is also great. Inspiring weekly Q&As with Zuck and sometimes Sheryl.
My manager and team are phenomenal. Everyone I have gotten to work is brilliant, respectful, courteous, helpful and fun to be around. The mission at Facebook is motivating and speaks the truth about the culture.
-Great benefits (free food, free insurance, free accounts like Care.com and Dropbox) -Flexible schedules -401k matching -stocks and bonuses
benefits, culture, flexibility, people are the key benefits
The work life balance was great! Worked with tons brilliant engineers and project managers!
Awesome free food (3 times a day high quality breakfast, lunch and dinner, made fresh from scratch with organic ingredients) Smart and driven people to work with Insane compensation (mind blowing!) A strong culture of fairness Strong bottom-up work culture Impact driven, much less politics than other companies
Amazing company to work for. Great values, support of their employees and overall company mission.
Facebook is a truly incredible company. Sure, they give you three meals a day, crazy benefits, and all those bells and whistles, but I would recommend this company to anyone 1000 times over even without all that stuff. People leadership is best in class, things here move REALLY quickly, and internally it feels more like a startup rather than a massive corporation. I feel more connected to our C-level team than I have at any other company, probably because they are so open and transparent about their decisions.
* Smart coworkers - some of the best in the world * Amazing perks * Incredible product * Many opportunities
Laid back, welcoming to young people
Good place to work. Treats you well.
The people, the mission, the way the company respects its employees. Everyone here is super pumped about work, but in a way where team work is prioritized over individual ambitions.
The culture here is truly like nowhere else on the planet. Any company can pay lip service to things like collaboration, fun, caring about people, wanting you to feel comfortable at work, building community, etc. But having an open and honest environment at our size is one of the hardest things to do, and yet Facebook seems to do it so effortlessly. I love coming into work every day because I know I'll be challenged in the right ways, I'll embrace hard conversations because I know we're all working to the shared mission, and I know that everyone leaves their ego at the door without other agendas. It's truly magical and like nowhere else in the world.  Also, you get used to it after a while, but the perks are out of this world. I never worry about much of anything in my personal life because Facebook takes such good care of us.
Good culture, awesome co-workes, smart management
Fast moving, exciting, smart groups of people. The products are amazing for consumers and businesses. I honestly never thought I'd be one of these people saying the most positive review on Glassdoor but I am honestly blown away with how genuinely great Facebook has been the first 6 months.
work-life balance, great food, beautiful campus, great people, diverse workforce
There are some of the best talents in the area. Challenging problems and good career opportunities.
transparency, benefits, culture, projects, team outtings, shuttles, food
- Working with smart, passionate, driven people. - Working towards a collective issue. - Working for incredible, transparent leaders (Zuck and Sheryl are amazing) - The perks. Oh my god, the perks. Your quality of life is just better when you work for Facebook. - The future.
Fast moving Great benefits Work independence Good colleagues
1) The only metric we're measured on is "impact". This feels completely fair to me. It also means you get to pick your own hours as long as you get some impactful things done and you're still in sync with all of the other people on your project. 2) It's easy for engineers to switch teams. That means you don't need to know what you enjoy working on before you join and you can't get stuck with a bad manager. 3) New York-specific: the company is in East Village, which means you can live in the most exciting part of the city AND have the luxury of walking to work. 4) I think Facebook's company history is interesting. 5) Facebook's language infrastructure is phenomenal. Its PHP and Javascript is type-checked, which makes it so much easier to read without typeof checks everywhere.
You have an amazing level of freedom in deciding what team you want to work on and what you want to do within that team. It is your responsibility to decide how you want to generate value for the company.  Also the compensation and benefits are amazing.
1. Great energy 2. Highly motivated folks 3. Good work 4. Connecting the world literally 5. Awesome perks 6. Decent salary
Very flat org structure, you get to decide on projects and direction directly with your fellow engineers. Great people (this is the first place where i was able to learn from others), great perks and pay, everybody is onboard with the company's mission.
Amazing culture. Awesome management. Opportunities to grow. Ability to work on stuff I actually care about. Great benefits.
Huge breadth and depth you can choose to work in mix of feature development and ops work, free to focus on either or both. scale of systems is truly enormous
Awesome company. Tons of opportunities and challenges. Best compensation and culture in the industry.
It matters: Facebook puts a premium of its people and the culture. It means people will treat you with respect and listen to your thoughts.
- great mentorship - many opportunities to grow - challenging - a lot of benefits
I have never been more proud of the company I work for. Not only does Facebook take great care of its employees, it also takes care of the people that use its products. The values instilled within the company are the values that are projected. I'm constantly excited to go to work, learn and I look forward to the challenges ahead.
interesting projects, have sth for all sorts of people
Great company and team culture, lots of learning opportunities outside of role
The amount of pros here is ridiculous. You have really nice, smart people as co-workers. The work is insanely interesting and challenging. Lots of room for growth. Free food, insane perks, fantastic pays, etc.
I absolutely love going to work every single day. Facebook cares about its employees and goes above and beyond to make us happy! I am forever grateful for all the free food, wonderful perks, amazing benefits, onsite amenities, unlimited snacks and beverages, top notch technology to use both in the office and at home, the shuttle rides to/from home and work, the list can go on and on.
So many smart people that are super humble and easy to interact with. Facebook keeps titles and ranks hidden so company feels very flat. Perks are incredible they really care about their employees.
There is a lot of flexibility, freedom, focus on impact, access to the greatest minds in the field. Lots of perks, benefits, it's almost hard to take advantage of all of them since they are so many. Like is just great when working here.
Coworkers are really smart, politics is minimal, and focus is on what you can accomplish that will help the company.
Open, flat, engineer-driven company that values free software.
Um, where to start. Basically the hype is true. I'm not an engineer/dev type. Perhaps this is more standard for those career tracks. However, you'd be had pressed to find any company providing this kind of environment to its employees. Salary is great, bennies are great, managers are awesome, culture is fantastic and the company its doing really well. Its stable.
Mission driven around making the world more open and connected, company looks after it's employees, focus on impact, built for the long haul
Motivated teammates. Everyone is willing to help out. Wonderful campus with plenty of perks: free food, onsite health and dental, lots of green space Leadership is transparent and cares about employee needs
a lot of oppurtunities, great people
Great culture. High level of independence and reliance on individuals doing what they see as the best use of their talents for the company (with guidance from managers and others if needed). Each team is a little different in how they operate, but because you can pick your team after you join (and have gone through bootcamp and met many of them), you can find the fit that matches you. And if you find you need a change at some point, then you just find the next team/project (or come up with your own) that again satisfies you and helps the company as much as possible.  The perks are awesome. Free food, snacks. Lots of variety, high quality. Great benefits - I'm a big fan of the onsite medical/dental options. It's a company that cares about its employees and you can feel it imo.  Open culture. Smart people. And a growing business make it the best in tech right now.
Benefits were bananas, fun to work there, great food and everyone thinks it's cool.
competitive salary, outstanding peer set, great benefits
+ Great environment, you are surrounded by world class engineers who are excellent colleagues + Culture: Move fast, be bold and make impact, collaborative + Meritocracy, less politics + Lot of freedom, company still doesn't have lot of processes
Great resources to get your job done. Flexible and independent work. Product touches over 1B people. Very transparent across the organization.
Some of the best compensation and perks in tech, together with huge impact and incredibly smart people.
Great place to work and have a successful career. People care about what they do. Benefits are awesome and love working here.
Hands-down the smartest people I've worked for in my career Great open culture. People are driven by team and company success, not personal ego. Pay well-above industry standard, for every job in the company.
Smart, motivated coworkers Perks are fantastic High impact work Trust in employees - no micromanagement Focus on employee strengths
Work life balance, we do not punch a clock
Great place to work with great people.
1. Wicked smart people. I find that I'm learning from a LOT of my co-workers and I was a top 5%'er at my previous company of 300,000+ employees. 2. People are really collaborative, in that they won't go change something without talking to the person impacted. 3. Amazing internal tools to do my day-to-day job. 4. Really impressed with Mark and Sheryl. They are genuinely as kind and intelligent as they appear from the outside.
It might sound cheesy, but the best part of working at Facebook is knowing that management truly cares about my success and wellbeing. The benefits are nice, but being trusted and supported with stellar people? That's what really counts.
Good place to work smart colleagues
Best place I've ever worked in my whole career! My coworkers are talented (and nice!), the work is fulfilling, interesting and intellectually stimulating. The pay is competitive pay and the perks are just ridiculously awesome.
Free food is something really nice
The people I work with are what makes Facebook so amazing. Everyone is legitimately passionate about their work and the impact their having. Perks and salary aside (both of which are great), it's amazing going into work every day knowing that what i'm doing is having a direct impact on our 1.7 billion (and growing every day) users. I get excited to come into work every day, even after 1.5 years, and I wouldn't trade that for the world!
- Internal tooling: Coming from Microsoft, the internal tooling here is nothing short of incredible. Everything just *works*, and it's mostly consistent throughout the entire company. Everyone uses the same code review process. Everyone uses the same build tools. Everyone uses the same check in process (per repository). Everyone uses the same employee feedback process. etc... There are also lots of internal services that are really helpful. Services for deployment, managing configuration, a/b testing, etc. Because everyone uses the same tools, everyone invests in them and they're well-documented, easy to learn, etc. - People: everyone I've worked with is really smart and happy to lend a helping hand. Haven't had any issues so far. - Work: I've enjoyed the kind of problems that I get to solve at Facebook much more than the kind of problems I got to solve at Microsoft. I worked on four different teams at Microsoft. The problems here are more challenging and require scalable, efficient solutions. - Culture: The culture here is fantastic. Internally, there is a lot of transparency. There isn't too much politics. You can make improvements on part of the codebase. There isn't much process to slow you down. There is a lot of individual freedom in what your prioritize and work on. - Work life balance: I've had great work life balance here. I typically work 35-40 hours a week, and I've not once stayed late for dinner. On-call is pretty light--much easier than on-call at Microsoft. This might vary by team. - Food: Really good food. Lots of healthy options (and unhealthy options if you want a cheat day). - Benefits: Pretty happy with the benefits. The transportation options are really good. The baby benefits are great.
smart people, good vacation, benefits. shuttle busses to work to avoid traffic. 3 meals a day, but then you're at work 10 hours.
Doing well financially, awesome people. Good benefits. Corporate culture is transparent. Mark is awesome.
Mission- feels good to come to work every day, benefits- everything you can think of, trust- complete and total, people- actually become friends, flexibility.
Free food Happy hour/free alcohol Open work space Technology Weird themed rooms
- Smart people - Amazing infra to build on - Merit driven culture
happy co worker, many chances for cross train
Open culture, lots of autonomy, and you'll work with some of the most brilliant people in the industry. Lots to learn and you truly feel like you make a difference when you're part of Facebook.
I've never felt so excited to go to work. Aside from the perks (that kick butt), every employee is extremely intelligent, hard working and friendly. We joke around and solve problems 10 minutes later. Managers are just as cool and the new guy. No one pretends to be anything that they're not. I like the honesty.
Treated with respect, lots of flexibility, encouraged to grow and play to your strengths
Famous company, excellent compensation, beautiful workplace and fancy office
I've worked for Google and Facebook and feel more valued at Facebook. From interview, first day, and onwards, it's embedded in your head to be your "authentic self". Facebook seems like the hip, new Google and the impact is tremendous!
incredible leadership, innovative product, fantastic colleagues, opportunity for growth
In my experience at Facebook, I've found the work to be interesting and industry-leading, and the people to be smart, engaged and impact-driven. We get stuff done. At the same time, the company benefits are great, and I've been able to achieve a good state of work-life integration.
Great work culture, diverse group of people to work with, wonderful benefits.
- Amazing benefits. They really take care of employees. - Great workplace environment. Coworkers feel like family and are very supportive of each other. - Mission of the company truly runs deep. - Flexible work hours and environment. There is generally a high degree of trust between employees.
Facebook is probably the best big company to work for. The company cares a lot about having its employees being productive and satisfied with their jobs and it works hard at maintaining an environment to support that. As a survivor from the real world, this is really rare -- pretty much every company-wide system is designed to make life easier for employees. The benefits and conveniences offered are amazing.  Many decisions about the company and its goals are made fairly transparently and open discussion about most things is encouraged. This can get really annoying at times.  Unlike most companies, Zuck is actually a pretty inspiring leader. He makes mistakes, but does learn from them. He has really lofty goals, though, and doing the right thing is highly subjective when trying to change the world.  If you are politically savvy and willing to work hard and make sure others notice that hard work, you will go far. You will learn a lot if you seek out opportunities to learn, and work with a lot of very talented people. You have to own this yourself, though, don't count on a lot of support.
Work on a product used by Billions, run by a CEO and executive team of rockstars. Mission driven, Flexible, cutting edge products used by people, developers, publishers, advertisers etc. Awesome perks.
great perks, young, impact, pay
Great benefits and compensation. Lots of different technologies to work on, lots of opportunities for visibility and impact. Good place to learn and explore mobile, full stack and backend infrastructure. Fun place to work when things are going well.
You can be who you really are and no pretense. Every day is a new learning experience with wonderful opportunities to grow.
It's a social networking company so it pre-selects for social people. Most of my coworkers want to be friends in addition to colleagues.  The scale is amazing: it's exciting but also humbling to sit in a room and talk about how 1B will use our product.  With that scale comes the requirement for precision in algorithms, data structures and code clarity that I've never experienced before.
Best hiring experience I have ever had, fairly quick process, good communication and transparency.
Besides the usual (brilliant people, delicious free meals for breakfast/lunch/dinner, beautiful campus, great benefits, cutting edge technology, etc..) I was surprised by how open the information transfer is from team to team and how much flexibility and options there are for career growth.
Great personable, consistent and admirable leadership. Majority of the workforce puts effort into aligning than realigning on the mission and the company's core values. All the benefits and convenient services offered on campus help you focus on what you do best. Love the people—some of the smartest, most passionate, and committed—I get to work with.
Great culture, strong engineers, very nice campus
Benefits Food Gym Youthful Culture Great Executives Very smart people (engineers) Beautiful campus
you get to choose what you want to work on most of time.
Amazing company, great to be here and learn about the culture, ecosystem, and products.
Executive team is incredibly strong. Great people to work with across the globe. Lot of mobility options.
Highly collaborative, smart people, mission driven company, fun colleagues, fast moving, energetic
Facebook is a fun company to work for. People are laid back. Lots of fun activities and celeb appearances. Good compensation and lots of room for growth.
The company has a very family-oriented feel
Good environment and interesting projects, along with amazing salary and benefits
Amazing agency in your work and tons of exciting things to work on. Culture is awesome as well.
Facebook's products are used by more people than anything else. The company's mission -- to connect the world -- is good. There are many, many choices of projects for software engineers and you get to pick your team.
it is a good position to work, but a little bit too busy for every day
Open and transparent culture, promotes ownership, data driven and results driven culture, very inspiring top leaders, and lots of exciting projects
- Awesome colleagues who are very talented and driven - Open culture, lots of structured and unstructured learning taking place - Management is usually pretty good with their people - Meaningful company mission and impactful individual work - Perks are fantastic
Facebook is full of high-achieving, smart and conscientious people. The vision and subsequent goals are highly ambitious and keep everyone on their toes. We value individuals and bringing your authentic self to work, and that makes it a great place to become friends with your coworkers and shed the stress of work vs. personal separation. We also use Facebook as a core internal work tool, and I can't imagine working somewhere where it isn't used.
The amenities are nice for full-time employees, but it feels like a smoke-screen almost. I feel like we're being blinded into happiness with all these things being thrown at us to take advantage of. I'm starting to see through them and realize what they are truly for...to make you think you are happy and have the best job, and work for the best company ever, when you really don't...they got us by the balls here...
People care about helping others and live by the company's values. Huge opportunity to learn. Great autonomy and flexibility for employees.
Mission-driven company with a decently open-and-transparent culture (except when you have feedback they don't want to hear--see below). The perks are phenomenal. For most teams, there is a clear path to personal success (again, see below for important caveat).
I just left Google and joined Facebook, and felt so much happier. The reasons are:  1. The real impact At Google I joined a team whose product is only used by less than 1000 people, and even for that product I was assigned to do a peripheral part, whose functionality actually doesn't matter at all. Just for that module, I had to write unit test for every silly part of the code, and took long iteration cycles. I admit those are good engineering coding trainings, however taking precious time in my life to work on something that doesn't matter is just a waste of my life.  In Facebook things just move so much faster. There are standard software engineering review process but not as rigid. Just during training (boot camp) weeks, I had tasks to change very important part of Facebook's core code, and the second day after I check-in my code, it got shipped to almost 1 billion people. As a software engineer I cannot recall a moment I felt better for my job.  Then I joined a team that's extremely important to Facebook's revenue. A mistake in the code I changed could cause Facebook million dollar a day. However Facebook just trusted us, allowed us making mistake and having quick iteration cycles to test ideas fast. If I make a coding mistake in my team in Google it might cost Google nothing in terms of revenue as my product was small, however the development process was so strict I could not have chance to try my innovations or test my ideas. But in Facebook that's all possible.  2. The organizational structure Google's organization is now very structured and hierarchical. Facebook is having more layers, but the working style is still flat, and social-network style. Speaking to people in different teams, form an idea, lead a virtual team and complete it, this style is still valued. My boss is more like a mentor helping me navigating through the ideas, rather than an authority telling me what to do.
Lots of opportunities and amazing work culture
A compelling mission, amazing people who raise your game, a fantastic work environment, and a culture that allows you to be yourself.
The most attractive aspect of working at Facebook was the lay prestige. The salary was competitive and, of course, one of the big reasons to work there, but you can get that somewhere else relatively easily.
Open culture. Ability to grow, fast. Transparency. As amazing as the perks are, the day to day of Facebook is what keeps me here. This is the best place I have ever worked, bar none.
Incredible group of talented, creative, and motivated people. Company with a vision and a set of products that you can get behind -- morally and technically. Plentiful opportunities for advancement. Creativity is very highly appreciated.
Mission. Leadership. Values are lived, not just talked about. Good compensation, benefits and perks.
There are many, but here are a few of my favorites:  - Play to your strengths. Too many companies and too many people work on improving weaknesses, in hopes of becoming well-rounded. This is fine, but often the better strategy is to play to your strengths, where employees do more of what they're good at, and less of what they're not good at, in a diverse team. I've never seen this done as well as at Facebook.  - Moving fast at scale. There are so many tools and frameworks to help you still move fast, as fast as any startup, that's it awesome. So impressive at Facebook's scale.  - World-class team. I know this is said often and loses meaning, but it's true here. Every single person is both smart and nice, a rare combination.  - They care about the right things, and don't care about the wrong things. Both parts of this are important. Too many companies sweat the small stuff that doesn't matter, e.g. who's invited to a meeting or whatever. At Facebook, everyone is just trying to make a positive impact, without care for politics etc.
free food, and smart people working with
Mutual respect, egalitarianism, meritocracy, flexibility. This place makes employees feel welcome and relevant, regardless of their age and gender. What matters is how good you are at doing your job. Everything else is irrelevant. I had some reservations about the the open floor plan, but it actually works to energize the people. You can hear the brains buzzing :-)
The benefits from working at FB are amazing. They are not just throwing money at employees on useless items. They are thoughtful and trying to make people more productive and healthier with the items they provide.
- Hard problems - Strong management/mentorship - Tons of resources - Strong company values - Excellent executive leadership (Mark/Sheryl/Schrep/Cox) - Focus on diversity - Food and general benefits are top of the charts - Flexible work schedule
People here care deeply about the mission to connect the world. Everything we do connects to the mission and Mark talks about the mission in practically every talk. We encourage people to be their authentic selves. There's no "work you" and "personal you." There's just "you." People care deeply about each other here. And you have the ability to make an impact beginning on your first day. Some places it takes 6 months or a year to make meaningful progress, but here you jump in and make a difference right after orientation.
Great culture and people to work with. Amazing mission and leadership.
Smart people, fast paced and decentralized work environment which gives immense freedom to people and teams.
+Impact +Working on really cool stuff +Ownership +Culture +Future of the company looks really positive and bright +Making the world more open and connected +You learn a lot from really awesome people around you
The perks are amazing. Transparency and openness of policy, leadership, and code base. Props to leadership admitting to their faults/failures and working to learn from them. Supporting your growth - personal and professional.
Training is great, great experience working across all business verticals.
The move fast culture and insanely high ratio of competent co-workers make Facebook one of the most satisfying and exciting places to work in the world. Easily one of the best workplaces where you feel pampered and privileged to have a job there. The food options are vast. You'll never go hungry. There's plenty of interesting spaces around the office to meet, chill, or focus. Easy access to IT and resources removes roadblocks from your workday. Projects and tooling are shared openly within the company and knowledge transfer is highly encouraged. Aggressive device refresh policy (every 2 years). Zuck Q&A on Fridays. The ability to easily float between teams makes finding something new that you're passionate about is much more likely and keeps your employment fresh.
Great place to work, amazing perks and people. Couldn't imagine myself anywhere else
Great place to work overall. Takes great care of employees Best perks! Best culture Best CEO
So many things but the biggest is that Mark and Sheryl and the team deeply care about their employees. They have combined the art of deeply caring with expectation of high impact and so you don't have under performing employees contaminating the culture of care and impact.  Consider yourself lucky if you get a job at Facebook and stay there as long as you can because it will make you an incredible professional and a better human being
good place to work and the food is amazing, team is fantastic, tech stack is pretty new.
Great benefits, culture, mission. There is a lot to love about working at Facebook. Most employees believe strongly in the mission.
- Everyone, no matter how "high up" they are at the company, is very willing to help with whatever question you might have. You can message anyone at any time and they will generally get back to you within the hour. - As an intern your opinions and ideas are valued. I came up with my own product and feature ideas on the side, and I was able to implement them and test them publicly. - The company culture is very open. (Almost) everything at Facebook is no secret - Mark is willing to answer any question you might have about company direction and stance at the weekly Q&As, and at any point you can ask what people are working on, and they're willing to share. - The projects you're able to work on are high impact projects more often than not. - Everyone is passionate about their work and incredibly good at what they do. I learned a crazy amount this past summer.
satisfaction eating need and it is a motivation
I've been blown away by how incredible this company is. From its openness to its diversity, Facebook has truly surpassed all tech companies in terms of culture, perks, and employee lifestyle. As a software engineer, I've learned, grown, and made an incredible impact in just a few months.
Moves fast. Work with smart people. Very less politics. Open culture. High bar for candidates even as company as grown.
Amazing amount of perks - food, a truly "frictionless" IT department, etc. The benefits package is the best I've ever seen and gets re-examined every year to adapt to the changing company population. Facebook, the company, is amazing. What the company is doing to connect the world is something that is truly astonishing and amazing. Being able to work for an employer that is changing the world before our eyes is something not many people will ever get the chance to say they were a part of!
Many companies I've worked for talk about access, enablement, open environment, work/life balance, frequent reviews and promotion. FB actually does this: almost anyone can see code for and fix almost any problem. Reviews happen twice a year, and my manager brings up the promotion track more than I do. They aggressively push giving your family the off-work time, and plan events which either include small family members or give non-parents a good steam-blow-off as well
Even as an intern, I was able to work on high-impact projects for the caching infrastructure. All the people at Facebook are really talented engineers.
Great company, great benefits, and great brand.
Great company values, a lot of thought going in everything being done at the company, open culture: visibility and accessibility to management
Fast paced Exciting projects Fast expansion (Still) Transparent Environment Nice and kind managers thoughtful management  Career opportunity is definitely better than Google but fewer than other start ups. But a lot of great people to learn from.
Coming from Amazon I cannot even dare to write all the pros as it will be a very long list.
benefits, culture, people, benefits again.
Great benefits, opportunity for growth, and open transparency culture. I've worked a lot of places in my 15+ year work history and this is the best.
You will work with some very smart, driven people. Benefits are out of this world. You have a lot of autonomy to do your job which can work for or against you.
Facebook provides a great workplace in terms of creativity, meeting spaces, Videoconferencing rooms and the cafeteria ladies are the best!
Its awsome when all meet together motivate each other as a team to make a simple bussiness grow and to be success. it does not take much time.
- brilliant people all around, a pleasure to work with the best minds in the industry - recognition for the work you do does exist, even if it only means a pat on the back - work/life balance does exist, as long as you get the work done - your work is impacting product that 1.7 billion people use - amazing perks
I just started working at FB ~2 months ago, but I already love it so much! There is so much transparency from day 1, it was actually a little alarming at first. But it's awesome to get to see what everyone is working on and to be able to easily contact anyone in the company. Even though the company is pretty big, you still get the same family-like feeling of a small startup. Everyone is very approachable and helpful, so it's not at all intimidating to contact your POC to get help you need. It's a very supportive and healthy work environment!  Other pros: Q&A with Mark every Friday (he is so funny and brilliant!), delicious food everywhere (I already gained 10 lbs), beautiful campus, so many amenities and perks, brilliant and kind coworkers, really fun woodshop classes, I could go on and on!
Communication, and support system from co-workers or higher ups. Very competitive and challenging when it comes to getting a lot of customers.
Open and inclusive culture, visionary leadership, young atmosphere, awesome perks such as meals, laundry, gym, entertainment etc.
AWSOME place to work at free snacks free food and alot of good benefits
Great colleagues, amazing atmosphere on a workplace, very nice environment.
Great people to work with, lots of learning opportunities. Interesting projects.
Good salary Lot of opportunities to work on different technologies.
Well known perks are awesome (food, medical etc.), a lot of smart people and fun things to do if you find the time, bragging rights, ability to escalate friends' problems with FB.
* Excellent Working Environment. * Company really thinks about keep the Employees Happy. * Superb Perks and Employee Benefits..
Awesome Culture, great benefits, bottom-up innovation!
Compensation, benefits, perks, shuttles, intelligent people. It's quite inspiring to work under Mark Zuckerberg as well - he truly is a great leader and is the heart and soul of the company.
Ability to work with the world-size project audience. Scaling of your products to the billions of users.
Very good culture, smart people, fun atmosphere, and tremendous food options!
Happy work place with free food . Great team and scope of learning more.
The autonomy - the freedom to do work at a fast pace and little bureaucratic barriers. The food - there's such a wide variety of breakfast, lunch, dinners, happy hours, drinks, and snacks. The culture - this term is thrown around a lot but Facebook is very unique. it's almost utopian the way people come together to solve problems. not just work but social problems as well. Ex. the black lives matter conversations.
A lot of good engineers and a lot of good engineering problems. It makes a good environment to learn and grow
its fun to work with them because they sometimes are calm about there Facebook being hacked
Has a lot to do with using computers an sharing ideas with other people online or just through messaging apps like messenger.
Learn from a lot of people who are willing to help and support you
- Super smart people - Clear direction - Not too many layers or inefficiencies
Best of the best. It is a dream come tru
Stress-free environment challenging work work work
The atmosphere in Facebook Co. is very kind, you don't have to work in the office on Wednesdays, and food there is very tasty.
Fun, exciting, challenging, dynamic, a lot of smart people, good training offered, free food and amenities. Good growth opportunities, some genuinely good people there
They give a lot of great opportunities, and have a stable organization. The leadership is driven and transparent for such a large organization. You are rewarded for your work.
A lot of freedom, relaxed environment, surrounded by smart people, fun hackathons!
Love the environment the openness and the option to work independently
+ Solve hard engineering problems at Scale + Coworkers are knowledgable and helpful + Great Salary and Perks
the abundance of extremely smart people, and the culture of hyper-rationality, open communication, and individualistic freedom.
Given the room to make the role what you want. You have the freedom to find something you find interesting and run with it.
campus employess work environment employees
- Fast-paced environment - Strong sense of ownership for the product I'm working on - Management values employee feedback and growth - Many resources for professional and personal improvements - Many different challenges and easy to try new projects - Impact driven
Facebook is an embarrassment of riches. They have everything one needs to take good care of themselves on campus
Perks, wages, brilliant engineers, and lots of cool cutting edge technology.
The food, still some smart, experienced, talented people who work there, good compensation.
I love this place. Coworkers are kind and competent. Company culture is very respectful. We get to discover and work on some of the coolest and most challenging problems in the world. I am very on board with the mission of connecting the world.
Great personal and career growth opportunities. Coworkers are great.
Mark Zuckerberg is phenomenal. Amazing leadership team. Very open, no BS, great mission. Great perks. Work and teammates are very enjoyable.
1. Great culture 2. Lots of things to learn 3. Could make impactful products 4. Reasonable benefits 5. Traveling benefit to MPK
Great people and culture, strong leadership, exceptional vision. Great perks.
They really do take care of their employees. You have the chance to do what you do best every day, and to develop your talent by working on things you're passionate about.
FB does value your career, Food is awesome, A LOT parking spots, Promising future when expands to new tech.
The culture is awesome, you become a member of a group of talented, smart and entrepeneur people. People in leadership positions are always reachable and the treat you as a colleague.
Being a part of something great, on both a local and global scale. Great perks, even as a contractor.
Facebook encourages each and every employee to make impact and gives you the freedom in which to do your job and encourages you to handle new projects to grow yourself.
Great benefits, the managers care a lot
- opportunity for impact. The products we create reach millions (and reaching billions) across the world. - culture of taking risks. - brilliant people to work with
There are a lot of smart people around, and work itself is challenging and interesting. Company value people. Perks are great. You will feel proud of your company.
Great work culture out of any research environment
Great place to work with great people. Incredibly open culture, can easily get involved in what you are interested in. Supported to learn and advance skills that align with your interests and goals.
Independence, trust, reward engineering and shipping
Good Experience and positive result
Low bureaucracy, highly empowered
I've been at Facebook for more than six years. The culture is very introspective and dedicated to self-improvement, if it were the same company it had been in 2009, I wouldn't still be there. Everytime I think I might leave, a new awesome project comes up that keeps me around. Seeing Mark Zuckerberg mature into the great leader he is has been magical, and I have a lot of trust in Sheryl and Mark and Mike Schroepfer to make good decisions. In many ways, engineers are more productive now than they were in 2009, despite the fact that we work at a big company now. We have more tools, resources, and knowledgeable people at our disposal, which compensates to some degree for the increased bureaucracy you see in some parts of the company. We also launch to hundreds-of-millions-to-billions of users, depending on the product, making our contributions very high-value. Product launches continue to be driven by bottom-up ideas as much as top-down directives. That doesn't mean that you personally are going to have an idea which shakes the world, but it does mean that you have a better shot than other companies. Especially if you're an infrastructure engineer, the culture is very bottom-up. You still have great latitude to come up with execute your own ideas. The flipside of this coin is that if you're not good at deciding what to work on, you'll need to learn that skill within a year or so, management isn't going to spoonfeed you tasks to the extent they do at other large companies. When joining Facebook as an engineer, you will still have many many choices of which team to join, and you'll make that decision after a few weeks of "bootcamp" which means you'll have an informed choice. It also means that the quality of engineers is high throughout the company because every person comes through the same interviewing process. One of my favorite aspects of Facebook culture is focusing on impact rather than hard work. Another is a recognition that you can advance your career without going into management, and that there are many different kinds of talent. There are several different "archetypes" of senior individual contributors that are recognized and encouraged to flourish.
Great place to work. Talented, smart people.
Incredible growth and still focused on impact and success, despite increasing company size
They have some great ideas that are inspirational. There is never a stop to the ongoing activities and overwhelming number of events. Coworkers are peers of all ages and backgrounds which makes for a unique dynamic around the office
Company is well-run, ambitious management, good execution. Good perks, good incentives for high performer. Everyone in every position is strong. Mediocre is not tolerated.
Free meals, amazing benefits package, great office culture, fun employee events
Facebook's mission is meaningful, it's perks are awesome, pay is good, and the team is phenomenal. In general, almost everything about working at Facebook is as good as you think it is.
Freedom to explore, speaking to my counterparts at other companies like Google, Twitter, and Uber it seems that Facebook has some of the most open cultures that encourages product exploration outside of one's primary duties and helping people finding impact across the company in places of their personal interest.
It is super exciting to work at Facebook and you feel like you're at a party during the work day. It's where it's at!
The place is amazing worked out very well and great working hours for everyone very reasonable
Very collaborative culture Not a dull moment Exciting and visible projects
You will be surrounded by very intelligent and very motivated co-workers. You will be given a tremendous amount of leverage to ship features and change the world. The company moves very quickly for its size.
The transparency, candidness and drive for equality. The work culture is what I'm here for.  For me, hikes in compensations are what keep me from being disappointed / demotivated. What inspires and motivates me, what really satisfies me is the work I do with all these awesome people around me.
By far the best place to work. Benefits are generous and design problems are challenging. People are friendly.
Great coworkers - i've never enjoyed meetings so much (even when we topics are disagreeable) Incredibly challenging work - I feel like I accomplish a week's worth of work in one day.
Amazing benefits, excellent support both for your career and personal life
A company that truly takes care if its people! The benefits, the compensation, the perks but above all its the people that make this place great.
Smart people to work with. Nice workplace and a pampered lifestyle.
Excessive perks, especially food. Emphasis on offsites, travel to the Mothership (for those in satellite offices) after-work gatherings, social events.
Great culture, great people to work with! Move fast and provides the freedom to choose team, project based on interest and advantage.
Easy interview. I haven't expected to get an offer. Great company culture
transparency at every level, easy to do job (tools, resources, organization), freedom (independence, empowerment), people (strongest and best talented engineers), benefits (stocks, base pay, perks)
Great perks, friendly work environment, free food and gym. The company moves fast, nice opportunities to learn and improve yourself.
Generally a good work environment
I feel lucky to work here and to have the opportunity to do things I love every day. It's challenging but fun and I've grown so much by being around such smart, talented people. I've also contributed to products and experiences used by over 1.5 billion people all around the world.
I absolutely love working at facebook, the benefits are great and the food is amazing
A mission driven company that always stands behind its mission. Very transparent culture and excellent management
The perks are amazing, the compensation is great, the products are amazing, and the infrastructure/tooling is excellent.  Above all else, I love the positive, exciting attitude I deal with every day. Not every single person is totally on-board, but the ratio of positive, excited, friendly people is higher than any other workplace I've seen.
I worked with a lot of smart people there. Overall, the company is doing well and has a robust strategy. The perks are great too.
Facebook is an amazing company with lots of opportunities. Behind the free food and great perks, you'll find knowledgeable colleagues and inspiring human beings. The "move fast" motto is tuning down progressively for "stable infra" in infrastructure.
Great environment to do the most meaningful work - the work you do impacts over a billion people - where else do you get that? It's the way people treat each other with respect, genuine care and encouragement that I love the most - when the environment is right you can do your best work. Facebook has this in spades. Not to mention Zuck and Sheryl - phenomenal leaders - the real deal.
The engineering organization is great in terms of giving people autonomy, interesting work, flexibility, and growth opportunities. I've encountered good managers here, who truly care about developing their reports and helping them find engaging work.
I am not hyperbolizing when I say that working at Facebook is the best job I could possibly imagine.  You get to work with a visionary leadership team that is incredibly accessible and wants to hear from you. Mark's Townhall meetings grew out of the weekly Q&A that he runs internally. If you want to ask Mark Zuckerburg or Sheryl Sandberg a question you can do it. If you want to give feedback or see changes in nearly any aspect of Facebook you will be empowered to do it.  Your team will likely be comprised of industry experts in your particular area of work. From kernel hackers, PhD's in computer learning, hardware engineers building drones and our own servers, to network engineers that are helping write drafts and RFC's that define the underlying protocol architecture of the Internet - you will find everything under the sun and these people will make you so much better at what you do.  If you aren't enjoying what you're doing in your current role you can go on a Hack-a-month with another team. This lets you expand your skills working on a different set of challenges and stay on your new team when you finish, if you like the work, or head back to your old team to work on something else. The best part is that management encourages these types of moves!  The management teams empower you to work on the things you want to, and gives you the ability to impact billions of people. You work on one of the biggest platforms on the planet and you will see the results of the work you put in everyday in making it better.  Also, the benefits are pretty amazing.
- young, smart, helpful team - great work culture (company values actually are being lived) - focus is on making impact. company values your strength and not only that but also encourage you to find your strength and make impacts using that strength. of course the impacts should be in line with company vision and the team's mission.
Great engineers, a lot of interesting technical challenges, extremely smart coworkers, cool perks
Great company to work for. You work on projects that interest and challenge you. Fast paced & teams expect you to work hard and meet your goals.
Great product and community. The people are great.
Amazing experience to be a part of a company which makes meaningful impact everyday
- Build products fast - Wide range of skilled people from all over the world - You can do many many things there - Work for/with Mark - free food - perks (sports)
Smart people. Prestigious company. Insanely successful business.
great perks, great people, great product. feel proud of being the part of the journey of making the world a better place
Great for young kids with almost no experience, where they can program you into their FB cult. Terrible place if you are a mature, serious professional. The environment rewards people who like to brag, boast, and broadcast their awesomeness. If you work hard but humble and quiet, you will not succeed here. Also, management in general, refuses to fix problems with the process. Performance reviews are geared towards those brown nose the best.
The community is an amazing place to learn and prosper. Also the food and snack choices are amazing.
Great people in Engineering and Product organizations, Learning how Facebook has scaled/ growth strategies was rewarding especially once I left Facebook
Facebook has an incredibly impactful mission in the world. Possible the most important tech company of its decade. You get to learn from absolute top talent is many fields. Excellent culture lacking almost entirely in bad office politics. Great pay and benefits.
On my first day at Facebook, I remember asking myself, "Is this company for real? How am I here? How does this company exist?" Facebook is the epitome of the perfect company. A wise man once told me about the four Ps of the perfect employment: Product, Problem, People, Profit.  Is the Product interesting? This product serves over 1.5 billion people - it is the most exciting product to be part of.  Is the Problem interesting? Beyond interesting. We're trying to solve making the entire world more open and connected through communication, through sharing, through education, etc... In any area of the company, the problems are all great problems to solve.  What about the People? The people are literally the best people I've ever worked with in any position I've been through. They are brilliant, kind, friendly and completely supportive. I left my last company as a senior member and at Facebook, I still feel like I'm learning something new from my colleagues every single day. Beyond my colleagues, the leadership here are more than supportive about an individual's career growth to help us grow deep within our roles, support groups to help you become a better manager, classes to help individuals transition from one career to another. I've seen many of my colleagues get the opportunity to completely change paths (e.g. Designer to Engineer, Researcher to Designer, Designer to PM, etc). You pave your own path and leadership here is supportive to help you get to where you want to be.  So what about Profit? Facebook, luckily, is doing very well in this area. At a personal level, Facebook pays also very well. I was lucky enough to have my total acquisition package matched and exceeded which made saying yes to Facebook a no brainer.  Take a great product, great people, amazing culture and a beautiful place to work and tie that all up in a bow. That is what Facebook is and I hope it never changes. I love this place!
Amazing place to work. Smart and ambitious people.
Everything is set up great and convenient. People are all easy going and collaborative. I don't see politics here and people grow based on their performance and contribution. Of course there are great free food everyday!
Very good company Open culture flexibitlity to chose projects and type of work great quality of people
- move fast despite being a big company - still in growth mode - entire company is focused on the mission of connecting people
Good work and helpful team members. Very collaborative environment. Decent pay
- Facebook is very flexible, people are encouraged to work on stuff they're interested in with the best support I've ever seen in industry these years. - Facebook holds one of the best standards on its benefits - better than all companies with equivalent size. - People working here are just happier than average industry level, due to this reason you would feel happier too. - Company momentum is just great, so this could be potentially a place you can stay for a while. - Great engineers just come from all other companies, Google, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon. College new hires come from top ones: Stanford/MIT/CIT and things. - Good amount of people here are both smart and diligent, you have many to learn from. - Although coworkers are competitive here, they are much nicer to work with than other companies holding same 'elite principals'. For example, I rarely see (though there're few) arrogant people here. The whole culture was built in the sense to favor people who are both smart and humble. - Culture encourages transparency, so you have to learn hear and accept sometimes very tough feedbacks, but you could end up growing much faster as you can tell. - If you are good, there's no barrier on 'what you can do'. Facebook does NOT reveal your level to anyone else except your report. So you could see E3 engineers work like E4 or even E5 in the end. But in another way around, it could be tough for seniors. - Facebook sees deliveries (executions) as 1st priority, so people here just focus on work more than the rest, I believe this is one of the biggest reasons why this company moves faster than other companies with equivalent size. - Most of work in Facebook reaches great amount of people (1.5B in web, 1.3B in mobile), and great amount of revenue (20B of this year). So you can tell how much impact you can have, and this would to the minimum becomes a highlighting bullet point on your resume. - People says Facebook has bad work/life balance, I don't agree: 1) you have freedom to pick a laid-back team and free to go almost anytime (they have hackamonth program and it is true), 2) most of time I see hardworking people working hard due to their own choice.
Easy to understand and easy to manage. Love this company and it is world wide everyone uses this website for everything.
Great people, great food, nice digs.
Literally everything - constant challenges, fast pace, smart people, great benefits, awe inspiring products, and the feeling like you are part of something that is once in a lifetime.
One of the better internships to have. Compensation is probably the best of any of the major tech companies. Many small perks are included that really add up and make it a good work environment.
Good pay, talented people, plenty of opportunity. Everyone wants to work at FB these days. Time spent here is 2x 3x mor valuable than anywhere else because of the immesne learning/experiences.
Facebook engineering is almost unparalleled. For example, the continuous delivery system at Facebook automatically builds, tests, and releases software. Managers will give you detailed, constructive, and honest feedback on how to be a better engineer. Lots of opportunities to impact the product through hackathons.
Facebook allowed myself to express who I am as an individual and work in a diverse and open environment. As an internship, Facebook provided work that developed transferable skills as well as a network of opportunities to meet many talented people.
Great benefits. Fast paced work environment. Competitive salary and stock
Facebook is an amazing place to work. The culture, the people, and the immense impact you can have on almost 1.5 billion people is unparalleled.
If you are an engineer, you owe it to yourself to work at Facebook at some point of time. Super smart collegue, minimal BS and super high impact.
Excellent environment. A huge number of perks, including 4-month paternity leave, free food, occasional home office, etc. It feels great to work on products 1.5 billion people use.
Very smart people, great culture.
Facebook offers an open, transparent, positive, and collaborative environment. I've been working for over 15 years and could only dream that such a work environment exists. To be surrounded by such a talented group of genuinely nice people is truly refreshing. I frequently get approached for job opportunities. While I would consider them in the past, I couldn't imagine ever leaving here - even for much higher pay.
Smart, motivated colleagues who are great to work with Fast paced environment where you can make a real difference Big challenges to tackle Awesome office environment. Seriously, check out pictures.
Room for growth and Caring managers
Wide variety of great things to work on. Your colleagues will be the best you ever worked with, and you'll learn a lot from them. Very supportive of employee growth, great managers who really invest time in their employees. Amazing parental leave benefits, great senior leadership. Awesome open source program, leading the world in numerous areas for both software and hardware
Dream Job: -Autonomy to work 100% independently, authority to make huge decisions that shape the business, and pretty near perfect manager and leadership support. -Quite literally the smartest, hardest working and most competent people I've worked with in every facet of the company (including start-ups, mature companies, and post-start up tech companies). - Low tolerance of BS, low tolerance of "everything is amazing, everyone is perfect" when things can be improved. - The org moves fast with people issues, low performance (when appropriate), and childish behavior (very very low tolerance for this). - Incredibly lean orgs, especially in HR, so you really have the ability to own a business from end to end. - Low tolerance for politics or front stage/back stage behavior. - Best HR team I've ever worked with including the best manager I've ever worked with. Full of high performing, no jerk, high wit peers at the top of their game.
Culture, culture and more culture. The first thing you will notice as a new employee at Facebook is the multitude of social events both in office and offsite. There is always something fun to do that helps you engage with coworkers that you may not have come in contact with in your normal work day! I truly enjoy my coworkers and find myself hanging out with them even for non-facebook events, its great!
The opportunity to work on interesting and challenging problems. Intellectually stimulating environment. Great perks and shuttle rides make life more efficient. Company is in a good spot in a large market. The CEO has great visions.
Great work place. I can learn a lot. Nice coworkers. Great benefits. Reasonable work hours. I would recommend working here.
This company is innovating and moving fast in every sphere, changing the way things are done. Great benefits and forward-thinking philosophy on human resource management.
- You are surrounded by the best of the best. - Everything is handled for you, and you get the feeling the FB is here to help you be more productive in life in general. - There's space to grow, and it's performance driven.
Great experience in fast moving company with great perks
Smart engineers Great location Access to resources Lots of freedom
great amenities, free onsite gym, shops, and restaurants. Great culture that responds to employees with weekly talks with CEO. Free shuttles to SF
Amazing perks, super transparent company, very little boundaries to communication. You can pretty much talk to anyone at a whim except Mark. It makes getting things down a breeze.  Super laid-back, younger vibe. A lot of energy and excitement around the future.  It's also nice that the company is so successful, it's motivating to know that they are moving in the right direction and have had wild success in the past
Great place to work. Collaborative and encouraging management team. Rewarding for people who take risks and produce. Benefits and lifestyle are the best you'll ever see.
Amazing place to work at! Interns are pampered, and given lots of work! Great culture, great people. You get to learn a lot here!
- Everyone is smart, but most are also extremely friendly and willing to help/give advice. - Choose work that interests you, and managers do everything to make sure you are happy - Flexible work hours (choose your own start and end time, doesn't matter how long you're in the office really) within reason - great benefits etc.
Food is great, and the people are amazing as well. Great culture. I loved everything about it.
I learned a lot of things, from a lot of smart peoples. It is a job where your ideas matters, and that is the most important thing for people like me.
the pay and the culture are so good
People here are very active and the company has the best employees.
4 months paid leave with newborns, work from home Wednesdays, unlimited high quality food, can always walk in the park on the roof if I need some fresh air. Food is consistently great.
Competitive pay and wonderful benefits (the food is gourmet- seriously!) FB 15 is real- we've all gained 15 pounds in the first year! Very human in how they think of their employees- it's hard to find a company in the valley that treats their greatest assets with kindness and compassion. People genuinely care about each other
If the reviews here sound like employees are really drinking the Kool-Aid...it's because many of them are. The people at this company genuinely believe they're changing the world by connecting it, and that mission and set of values permeate everything they do.  -Unbelievable benefits and compensation. Seriously, some of their benefits are mind-blowing. Gym benefits, free (really good) food everywhere, amazing healthcare and family planning and daycare benefits (including a "baby bonus"), access to incredible company events and speakers, generous vacation time that they're constantly encouraging you to actually use, the latest phones and computers for work use, on-site doctor and dentist that are actually good...the list goes on and on. - Strong company culture and values. I've never been at a company that lives and breathes a mission so completely. Am constantly in meetings where coworkers are asking, "Is this the right decision for the people who use Facebook?". Even the way they treat their contingent workers (who receive better benefits than most of the tech sector's contingent employees do) makes this evident, there are internal communication groups where full-time employees are constantly asking what more we could be doing for contingent workers to show our appreciation for their work. Both internally and externally, the "#shiplove" mantra is strong here. -Work/life balance. You'll see some mixed reviews on this point, but I've been here a year (non-engineering role) and I've never had the level of work/life balance I've had here. I work a very consistent 9-5, and it's rare when I have to fire up my laptop at home at night or over the weekends. -Facilities. It's Facebook! The campus is gorgeous, and they allow visitors. Hosting out-of-town friends and family for lunch or dinner is a great perk. -Efficient and fast. Fewer politics than many other companies of this size. A lot of the day-to-day communication and work gets done on the Facebook platform, which is hugely efficient and easy to use system. -The future! These guys have their hands in a lot of cookie jars, and are working on some really amazing stuff. Whether you're working on things like bringing internet access to the third world, virtual reality products, artificial intelligence that will serve peoples' needs, or all of the innovative things that go on inside the regular ol' Facebook app that serves over a billion people a day, chances are you're working on something really cool. -Women's leadership. I've also never been at a company that really understands women's needs as much as Facebook does (I think we owe this to the leadership of Sheryl Sandberg, Lori Goler and Maxine Williams). They encourage an ongoing dialogue about women's issues in the workplace, have mothers' rooms all around campus, encourage us all to take a "Managing Bias" course (which is really eye-opening, on many levels) and even host a yearly Women's Leadership Day, which is truly empowering. They bring in amazing speakers for this event and out of everything I've experienced in my first year here, this was probably the event that stayed with me the most.
Lovely campus, okay perks for contract workers.
Fun, challenging, collaborative. The campus is also amazing, and interns are treated very well.
Facebook creates opportunities worldwide. Very innovative and forward thinking. Offers support for developers or businesses on all platforms.
Everyone was very friendly, and the atmosphere was great. Benefits were great - free $25 per day to group with 4 other employees for any activity, free food, lots of intern events.
Working for a mission-driven company makes for an engaged and enthusiastic workforce. Focus on impact means that you have flexibility to get work done when and how you choose. Quality of people we hire is outstanding, coupled with low egos. Love the 'focus on strengths' mentality which means your role often shifts to make sure you are spending the most time doing what you love. Lots of support and training for managers at FB, although the individual contributor role is equally valued - becoming a manager is a lateral move (and a deliberate choice) at FB rather than a reward for being awesome in an IC role.
Such a great company to work with. The perks, the people, and the environment is something else. It was a short time there, but one of the most memorable places I have worked. it feels more like a college than being at work.
- Coworkers are all smart and passionate people - Managers truly care about their employees - Flat organization - Amazing perks - Great benefits - Schedule is very flexible - Transparency
The perks are some of the best in the business. Salaries are very healthy. Organization moves quickly. Free meals and great services offered at all offices.
- Incredibly transparent when it comes to company priorities and initiatives - Great access to leaders in the company. Nobody is too big to talk to. - Touches basically all of internet-connect humanity, which is nice. - Playing on the largest-scale chess board in the world against the top 4-5 tech companies
Decent culture, incredibly strong business fundamentals, Sheryl is a star, lots of good people. If you're looking to build a career, this is the place to do it.
Moving fast, awesome culture, smart people, rooftop garden, manager training, sweet stop, and music around campus cafes.
-Things move very fast here and they are constantly changing. This might not be considered a pro for those who are resistant to it but I think it helps keep the job fresh. I've been here for almost 3 years now and never once have I felt that my work has gotten stale. I think this is very important for facilitating personal and professional growth. -The people I work with every day are not only some of the smartest people I know, but they are my friends and people I chose to hang out with outside of work. Facebook encourages all employees to be their authentic selves which translates to a much more relaxed and social work environment. It's work hard play hard and it's awesome being able to work people you actually want to spend time with. -The perks are unreal. Everything from free food and laundry to awesome healthcare plans. It's actually kind of ridiculous. Their focus is on convenience benefits to help with work life balance.
It's like a microcosm of the real world. The organization can be fast and chaotic. It's up to the individual to find information, resources, and make things happen. It's great that one person can find support and quickly get resources allocated to their cause if it's justified.
Some of the smartest people I've ever encountered. Extremely high expectations for everyone, but it's a good, supportive kind of pressure. Management is top-notch and really sets the tone and leads by example.
Facebook has great people, culture, and benefits for employees. Interns are given the chance to live in corporate housing, with excellent conditions. Also, 3 meals per day and transport to and from work is a really good thing. Working in open spaces is another good thing about FB, since you get to easier communicate and work with people in your team/different teams. Also, the sweet shop was my favorite place!
During the bootcamp you can see all the stack of the technologie
I've been at Facebook for close to 1 year, and have absolutely loved my time so far. I can finally say that I've found a company that I value as much as they value me, and I plan to stay as long as they'll let me. We hire amazing people that are interested in what they do, which makes teams strong and interestingly, I work with many people that have been at the company for 5-8 years! The perks are unbelievable, from the gym to the spa to dry cleaning to absolutely delicious food that fits everyone's needs. I'm also pleased with the compensation structure and opportunity to earn a very large bonus for high performance.
Great company would highly recommend
- flexibility to make your role your own - open culture (truly open doesn't just say it is) - appreciates their employees- perks and benefits are amazing - company feels like family - work life balance is appreciated and respected
#1: The people. The flexibility. The challenges/growth potential. Life@ - Our benefits program.
Very open culture, super fast-moving, incredible resources at your disposal, including managerial support + autonomy (in my experience, it's rare to truly have both), and really great benefits
Facebook encourages openness in all spheres, professional and personal. Be yourself - don't lead a double life where you are dull & droid-like at work, then are someone different at home.
Amazing colleagues focusing on making impacts Employee Benefits Great community If there is anything you want to make it work out, it is a perfect place to be!
The privilege working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment while bring surrounded by some of the smartest co-workers in the business. A truly open company that cares about it workers and consumers.
I was one of few! I was paid to observe and report while I'd rather get mentally involved! I love to get involved in the brain-power decision making , but I like being a staff consultant to a leader who makes the final decision. In other words, I like being the brains behind the power that makes the final decision! I merely provide the simple and dry facts.
I came from Google, which was amazing. But I love the culture and atmosphere here even more.
+ Amazing growth potential, at no other place could I have moved up so quickly so fast + Everyone focuses on Impact all the time, if it's not worth doing then we don't do it + Learn from some of the best in the world at what they do + Unbeatable pay, benefits, work environment, and culture
Great employment brand and perks
1. No other company can compete with the Bootcamp. It's like a Red Carpet experience minus the glamour. You literally "decide" what you want to work on after working on real projects. 2. Brilliant people to work with. 3. Awesome work culture. 4. Even though it's a large company, you still feel important. 5. You are encouraged to move fast, without taking pressure which is an awesome combination, especially for a Software Engineer. 6. Awesome management, HR and all the supporting teams. They really make the life easy.
Smart people, amazing benefits, good salary, "anything you need" attitude
Mark is an amazing visionary and CEO. He makes hard calls and has a very long-term perspective.
Perks are mind-blowing - awesome food, and thoughtful benefits like laundry service and onsite acupuncture/clinic.
Amazing, smart people who are actually kind and want to collaborate vs. avoid it. Open and transparent culture Ability to grow your career
Great company with an amazing culture. You work hard, the pace is fast, expectations are high, and change is constant, but Facebook really looks after its employees and provides a diverse array of opportunities for self development, cross-functional training and career growth. The CEO meets with all employees once a week and answers anyone's questions.  Most people here are energetic and passionate about their work and seriously focused on making an impact. The work environment is physically (and culturally) very open: open spaces, no offices, casual dress, etc. Work/life balance is respected and encouraged and you have the flexibility to work in the way that best matches your individual style and needs. Face-to-face communication is highly valued but meetings are generally focused on not time-wasting activities. Anyone can suggest a new feature or improvement and be part of the team that makes it happen. There is a lot of opportunity for high performers to grow their careers. The compensation, benefits and perks are truly above par.  One of the most important things for me is the open culture and the way Facebook encourages employees to find and be our authentic selves, and to listen to the voices of others who may be different from ourselves. The company works very hard to create a diverse and welcoming environment for all.
Compensation, Great talent, a lot of space to be creative and submit ideas, not a lot of hierarchy and politics yet, ability to switch teams easily.
open culture, move fast, cutting-edge tech, awesome benefit, the best company in the world
The Perks are nice, but what is very valuable is the people I work with. Everyone is top notch and I'm learning a lot every day.
FB tries to eliminate regular discomforts one can experience in less progressive corporate employment. Management is easy-going but in return one is expected to do quality work.
- Felt like I made an impact even in 3 months - Great benefits, even for interns (meals, microkitchens, health allowance, etc) - Transparent path to full time offer
passionate people, dynamic environment, flexible, constant change
lot of room for impact, lot of challenging technical problems.
You met with a ton of smart and friendly co-worker and managers. You can make a lot of impact and also grow yourself.
Spent three years on the hiring team & found the hacky whacky culture fun for the most part. Key to success is forging the right relationships. Be sure to manage your own career because no one will do it for you.
Everything Is Good, Most Great Is The Free Food & Maternity Paternity 4 Months Paid Leave, No Force To Join Work Back.
- Really good perks - Challenging yet fun work environment. Engineers have a lot of say in the product.
Pinnacle of Industry, work with the passionately intelligent people.
Free food, smart people, potential to work on impactful products
The culture is the real selling point here. Facebook looks to leverage people's passions. The focus on strengths, openness and care is so refreshing.  Facebook takes care of its employees to a degree I never could have imagined, and there always innovating to do even more. Here's what I take advantage of in terms of perks: Gym with a variety of fitness classes to suit anyone's interests Free food, sourced sustainably, local whenever possible, with options for everyone To go along with above, the sweet shop full of fresh baked goodies and rotating ice cream flavors Spa on site (you pay for the services but it's so convenient) Free laundry service up to $40/month Shuttles from all over the bay area with wifi so your day starts when your commute starts Amazing benefits and leave policies
Amazing company where you are given lots of autonomy and trust. Great perks! Friendly and fun.
You can work with some smart people on challenging problems. You can learn from the existing infrastructure.
Huge impact, Smart peers, Good food, and Hard technical challenges to list a few. I also really like the culture.
The people working there are very fun and kind.
Reality, neither a pro or con: It's getting fierce as many teams grow on the business side. With growth comes empire building and people will fight for ownership of your team's work. You see team's shifting scope and grabbing land. You have to be fierce and aggressive to win. That has always been the case at Facebook - just look at what types of people get into leadership roles. If you like this type of environment, Facebook is your place.
-Flexibility. I could choose a project and a particular area that I wanted to contribute to. -Great team. A bunch of smart people on the team, including former Google, Apple folks. -Fast. By the end of my internship we had a product almost ready for shipping.
Smart people. great engineering challenges. freedom to work on projects
Amazing people Freedom to do what you want, move between projects Cheerful and optimistic work-environment Find something you want to hack/change, go do it Good food Lots of perks
- great learning opportunities - high degree of freedom - strong sense of ownership
- Learning opportunities are really unparalleled. There are so many different 'camps', classes, and informal learning opportunities at the company. If you have an interest in a topic, most likely someone else is equally interested in teaching you about it. - Many of the little things are taken care of for you: food, laundry, shuttle, gym, etc. It does add up, from both a money and time perspective. - Managers care! I've had better and worse managers, but one unifying theme is that they all have good intentions, which I can't say for every manager I've had in my short career.
Open culture, flexible work hours, great perks, ability to shift roles within the company
Wonderful company and great benefits. Fantastic culture, a true leader in our industry and an example for other companies to follow. Great supporter of equal pay and opportunities for all.
Great pay, great benefits, interesting work. You get to work with some of the best engineers in the world, and the business is doing incredibly well.
free food, gym, culture, people, work flexibility
I get to work every day on interesting problems together with incredibly smart and committed coworkers. The internal tools we have in place to perform analysis are world class.
+ Overall mission to connect the world + Interesting challenges to work on + Great culture - honest, open, direct + Never seen finance team move fast on key strategic decisions + Equitable and rewarding career - You get what you put in
* Open culture - no secret projects * Opportunity for growth * Access to management via weekly Q&As * Lots of learning and development courses * Encouragement to work on what you are passionate about * Perks and benefits can change according to what employees want most
Facebook offers competitive pay, fantastic benefits, a comfortable dress code, etc. but you all already know that. Those reasons alone make it an attractive place to work (though that luster does wear off). You have great IT services and productivity tools that make the day-to-day of getting work done easy.
1) Co-workers are all crazy talented and top of the industry 2) Working on some really technically interesting and challenging problems 3) Anything you do affect up to a billion people!
campus perks, food, gym, etc. hardware resources.
Facebooks teams are driven to connect the world.
1. Culture. Facebook thrives on a collaborative, open culture where anyone can make an impact. You get to work with brilliant people who are very data driven and are open to constructive feedback on projects. It doesn't matter if you are an intern or a VP, your voice matters.  2. Career Satisfaction and Growth. It's truly satisfying to work on projects that impact the nearly 1.5 billion people on Facebook's platform. I've interacted with people from every major department and there are so many interesting projects. Also, I love participating in the hackathons. You get to take a break from your current work and just be creative. It's amazing!  3. The Food. So the food is ridiculous at Facebook. That's all I need to say.  4. Facebook's Leadership. I'm very impressed with Facebook's senior leadership. They do an amazing job of communicating with FB employees and keeping everyone motivated. Specifically, they are extremely focused on Facebook's mission of making the world more open and connected.
- Food - Health care benefits - Fringe benefits - Nice campus - Corporate shuttles - State of the art tech stack - Extremely smart coworkers - Visionary and bold top management
I mean, it's the happiest place on Earth. It's like Disneyland except... you get paid a lot instead of the other way around. I legitimately and genuinely enjoy the people I work with and coming into work is something I look forward to after a vacation (of which we get 21 days / year). I'm not a father, but I hear if I choose to be, I get 4 months paternal leave. Comp is great, food is great, ... I never talk about where I work and what I do because I just feel so lucky to be here. It's not really fair.
- change the world, nudging a billion people at a time - working with the best minds around. I graduated at the top of my class, both high school and college...and so did everyone else - they take great care of their employees needs - a pace of change, despite the company's size, that will blow you away - an unlimited set of interesting and challenging technical problems
Best company for an intern! Everything is free and there is a good hotel to live! Worked on an independent project. (This is really good compare to some interns in Canada..)
This place has the greatest collection of brilliant people in one place that I've ever experienced. Every day I learn more and get the opportunity to add value to what we do. People are collaborative and totally motivated by fulfilling the mission of connecting the world for the better. All that matters is that you have a great idea and the data to back it up. Once you have those, you can run with a creative approach to solving a problem and colleagues at all levels will offer support and partnership. Its great!
- A lot of smart people to work with. - Planet-scale projects. - Less meetings/planning than in other big companies. - Great benefits and perks. Free food. Laundry/dry cleaning. - Great pay.
great opportunities lots of learning good pay insane perks
- World class technology and infrastructure - Brilliant colleagues who care a lot about their work - Challenging problems and impactful - Decisions focus on the data and facts behind an idea vs who's suggesting it
Every single day I am learning something new on the job-- I love being constantly encouraged and stretched in my role! Plus, I have the opportunity to work with people who are absolutely best in their fields.
Facebook is working on some inspiring things & it's cool to be a part of it.  Many of the people they hire are extremely bright.  Benefits are awesome.
Facebook treats people really well.
It much better working environment than most of the companies.
No Pros for the people join in after ipo.
Moves fast on projects, efficient processes for workflow, excellent tools in place to get work done, great people, amazing benefits, wonderful work/life balance
I think the employees there are prominent, the salary is good and I learnt much. I like its product and creativity.
1. Bootcamp is a really great program to choose teams. You get to talk to different managers and have the freedom to choose teams. 2. After working in a team for a year, you can change to a new team. There is a program called hack-a-month. You can go to another team to work for a month, and then decide whether you want to stay or com back. It is really flexible.
A really awesome company to work with. With it's focus on impact, it makes sure each employee get to do quality work.
Great opportunity for growth and learning. Amazing workplace and culture.
- incredibly smart people - unlimited opportunities (i have no technical background and am now coding!) - the company is actually making a difference - great salary and benefits - people who care
-Solid company values, mission based company -If you're preforming well, they will reward you and promote you -Growing company= lots of opportunities for growth and more responsibility -No one looks over your shoulder to make sure you're at work. We don't care about face time. If you're getting your work done, management let's you do your thing on your own time. -CEO is credible and a great visionary. He really believes in what we're doing and inspires our employees -beautiful campus, tons of food options, great benefits (including 21 days paid off and unlimited sick time!) -(for the most part) really smart and friendly coworkers -solid L & D courses
Collaborative, open, fast paced, inclusive, working with super bright people who force me to raise my game everyday. Culture of learning. Culture of leading vs following. Values originality and authenticity. Exec leadership is comprised of incredibly grounded, inspiring people. Love coming into work to do interesting, meaty work and know that I am helping to build a company with an incredibly noble and honorable mission to make the world more open and connected. As heads down as we are in our work, terrific sense of family and "we're all in this together". Very special place.
This is the best place I have ever, and probably will ever work. You have autonomy and every resource to drive your own success, business impact, and career growth.  Most companies have a mission, some say they follow it, and extremely few are actually mission led. Facebook truly believes in making the world more open and connected, including those people who aren't even online yet. Every role and department ladders back to that.  In advertising sales, we have the goal of building our client's businesses by connecting them to the consumers who matter to them. More importantly, we ensure that people on Facebook are seeing ads that are relevant and high quality, this delivers shared value both for the advertiser and the end person using our products. We also have proven and measurable results across verticals, which drives continued client interest and adoption.  Having come from another founder led company, Mark is incredibly brilliant, open, honest and hard working. He surrounds himself with fantastic people, listens carefully, cares about the people who work for him, and makes long view decisions for the health of the company.  Management and the people who work at Facebook follow leadership's example, everyone rolls up their sleeves to get the work done, and is incredibly grateful to be here.  As a woman it's also inspiring and impactful to have female leadership at all levels, and colleagues who are incredibly encouraging. I personally experienced this when a male peer encouraged me to apply for a management position on our team. He referenced the known bias that women are less likely to apply if they don't have 100% of qualifications vs. men who take it as a suggestion. Beyond gender, the entire company strives for diversity and acceptance.
Amazing people Fun Challenges you to do your best work - high impact & innovative and unafraid of failure Nothing is someone else's problem Bright future
Smart people. Cutting edge technologies. Amazing food.
Great company to work at. I was in a amazing team and I liked to be surrounded by smart people. the culture is awesome and everything at Facebook is made to make your life easier.
Every morning when I go in, I feel like the luckiest guy on earth for ever landing a job here.  Projects: Every team is understaffed, so there is a ton of incredibly important work to do everywhere. Because of this, you can work on high-impact (and potentially high-visibilty) projects from Day 1.  Autonomy: I've always felt extremely trusted in both my technical competency and prioritization skills. Management is (generally) helpful when I want help, but mostly I've been able to do my own thing and work on whatever project feels most important to the company and/or interesting to me.  People: Everyone is really smart, and most people are really friendly, funny, and generally awesome to hang out with.  Food: Amazing. Healthy options are phenomenal, as are the unhealthy ones.  Gym: The staff is incredible.  So much more!
Great culture, lots of learning opportunities, good people, good mission.
No surprises - Facebook is a great place to work. Clear vision from management, total autonomy to get your job done, fantastic perks and lots of career support.
Facebook is a great company with awesome perks. Perks are similar to Google's so you will be well taken care of in those terms. Also, the pay is very good.
Your working on big problems that impact on the lives of millions of people. Work with exceptionally talented people. The perks are outstanding too
- Great Benefits - Collaborative Environment - Transparency from leadership - High hiring bar - you really are working with the best and the brightest! - Strong company mission that is truly reflected throughout the company
High impact work solving real problems, often in a way that significantly changes social and economic reality for hundreds of millions of people across the world, and in ways that can transform our approaches to solving tech problems. Working among super smart people.
1. a mission that has meaning to me, 2. smart people I learn from, 3. big challenges to tackle every day.
Amazing place in so many ways. Benefits and perks are literally the best you can possibly ask for. Caliber of people is amazing as well, in fact it is a little scary and intimidating. If you like fast paced, this is the place for you as the product (Facebook) can change overnight.
Good Benefits, Beautiful Campus, Good Food. The company really does a good job of providing every resource you need to do your job.
Perks & pay are top notch. Some of the engineers are truly talented.
Salary, and exciting projects to work on.
- Great benefits and perks - Work with some of the smartest people alive - Fast paced, impactful work
Free food, shuttle, and intelligent people
Open culture, awesome campus, free food
- good benefits - smart people - fun environment out of college
It was a great culture and great people. The mission of the company was huge, and they encouraged big thinking. Lots of fun things happened on a daily basis.
Coworkers, tough challenges, endless opportunities, fantastic benefits, world travel.
Food, People, Product, Culture, Perks
The people, opportunities, environment and roadmap of the Facebook are amazing. I am surrounded by extremely intelligent and collaborative people, which make every day a pleasure. We work on amazing projects that add value to both our organization and the world (yes, the world). The organization provides a workplace that is supportive yet autonomous. I truly feel like I am designing and creating my career, with fantastic support of everyone around me.
- Everybody is really smart and dedicated to their work - The perks are amazing - Morale is high, the company is on an awesome trajectory
Facebook focuses on impact and everyone at the company is in a position to best drive impact. You're only barrier to success is yourself.  You're surrounded by people that are experts in their area which helps make you work better and smarter.
The benefits are very good.
The culture is really amazing and in my opinion even better than the media portrays it. The perks are wonderful, but the professional experience is even better! You are free and expected to guide your own career in a way that makes an impact on your goals. This place is incredibly mission focused and product driven. The speed at which facebook moves is astounding at this size. I feel the energy everyday working here.
Cool, (duh, it's Facebook!). Great resources, lots of 'candy' (e.g. free food, parties,...), super autonomous (do your job anyway you want as long as it gets done. Have a trip to Menlo Park, no problem, etc...). Great impact (did I mention the billion+ people using this thing?). Great culture (when applied - see notes below). Great benefits (salary, shares, medical, 401k,...)
* Freedom to work on what you want * Great people to work with * Understanding managers
Very smart co-workers, fast-paced atmosphere, great networking (strong ex-employee groups after you leave), constantly changing and evolving. Mark is a strong product leader. Ability to leverage the experience for more fulfilling opportunities after you leave.
Facebook at this stage is an amazing mix of forward momentum, autonomy, stability and impact on the world that it would be extremely hard for any other company to compete.
Great benefits, supportive management, and the opportunity to find the career that suits you best makes for an awesome experience at this company.
Competitive compensation package (base salary, bonus, equity) Great benefits (free food) Open culture (weekly Q&As with Zuck and other executives) Helping build a product that people regularly use Great experience to build your resume 4 month paternity/maternity leave fully paid
Facebook has a really move fast culture and has some of the most talented people in their respective industries. It's truly a production based dynamic where they expect a lot out of their people. Our team's typically run lean but we're growing fast. Obviously the benefits are second to none. Hands down the best company I've ever worked for... and probably the world!
- Open & transparent Culture - Free food/great perks (gym, laundry, awesome vision/dental/lasic, free parking, etc.) - Bosses focused on career growth, don't breathe on your back or micromanage - Everyone is smart - Work/life balance is valued by managers and they work with you to make sure you aren't working more than 45-50 hours except in very rare cases - Free to move around to different teams - Everyone has everyone's back - always extremely helpful - Led by Sheryl and Mark Zuck, two of the best leaders in the world
Well paid Working with talented people The culture - it is unbelievable - hacker culture
amazing infrastructure, great people, rocking campus
- Open culture: problems get discussed openly and fixed, not just being gossiped in the background - Great infrastructure, engineering talents: jobs get easier & more satisfying, you can grow faster than ever before & learn tons of new things on daily basis
Zuck is a legend in his own time, his Friday Q&A's are can't miss and it is awesome to hear him handle the tough unexpected questions. Perks are world class Leadership listens to challenges that employees are facing and for the most part makes changes to correct. It is a fun culture and we have some pretty legendary parties It is stunning how transparent leadership is with the whole company.
You can make almost any change you really want to the most popular apps on the planet. How much you do is really a function of how much you're capable of and how much you can back up your decisions.
Very nice benefits and surrounded by smart people.
Facebook was a cool place to work, but the company is a behemoth now. The perks are great and there are some really incredible people and projects at Facebook.
- Culture - Top leadership - Product strength - Ability to learn
Facebook is easily dismissed as just a social network, and the nature of the product makes it subject to a lot of critique. However, if you take a step back, it's truly marvelous that a product supports about a billion users everyday.  Career opportunities are great, you can move fast and contribute, the company pays for all your stuff, the company has tons of money, tremendous job security if you make an impact, free food, tons of perks that I cannot even begin to list, great young talented coworkers, amazing lively environment (not slow, like Google), great benefits, compensation.
good food full health care and lots of other benefits like transport or gym reimbursement huge impact on IT world
Definitely a lot of freedom to work on projects you like. Upper management is flexible and expects you to be able to dictate your own career path within the company. Very young, collegiate culture. This includes Friday events like Happy Hour, Q&As with Mark Zuckerberg, and even company field trips for the interns.
The mission is incredible. Make the world more open and connected. From the delivery of the product to the infrastructure the company focuses on impact and truly is disrupting the industry.
- amazing company - great benefits - good leaders
Flat org structures Growing company and professional opportunities Open and transparent leadership Incredible employee perks
openness, freedom to choose work & define ones own career path. especially miscellaneous fringe benefits for pursuing extra curricular activities of ones choice
A very fun workplace setting, suitable for young people. Open culture encourages everyone to know exactly what's going on internally. For engineers, you have a wide range of team choices, and you are given the opportunity to learn something completely new. There are a ton of great benefits and you will end up meeting and learning from very intelligent people. Opportunities for growth happen very quickly from what I have seen and people genuinely care about each other. The open environment encourages you to step out of your comfort zone.
* Q&A on Fridays with Zuck, where anyone can ask anything (culture) * awesome people * food (breakfast, lunch, dinner & micro kitchens) * choose which team to join (aka what you will work on) * one-on-ones with your manager every week * moving around is encouraged (hack-a-month etc) * dentist & health centre onsite * gym onsite (even includes a bouldering rock) * performance review process
Good culture overall. Good career path for my personal experience. Very good benefits
- transparent management with frequent Q&A sessions - culture that fosters innovation: hackathons, hack-a-month, not afraid to take risks and fail - not difficult to maintain work/life balance (except during oncall rotations) - great free food
Good foo, good envirment The people are all really great and the company really trains you well. Maybe the most structured training program I've seen. Very professional but friendly environment.
Great people, free food and flexible schedules.
good benefit, and packages.. You can learn some good stuff.
Great company with many great people to work with. The company is growing fast so there are plenty of opportunity for people to choose what to work on. 21 days paid-time-off, which is very generous.
Nice smart people to work with Excellent culture and values Good metrics measured, both human-wise (e.g. manager approval rates) and engineering wise. Flexibility in choice of team, work from home options etc. Amazing perks
fun free good food nice people nice riends and then some
Culture, compensation, convenience, attitude, technical skill
I worked here as a Software Engineer intern. - Great engineering culture (likely best in the world) - Great software engineers - Great perks - Great work-life balance - Great projects - Great management
Developers in general are very technical.
By far the best thing about Facebook is its people. I am continuously impressed by my colleagues, even as the company has grown. I love the impact that I can have individually in my role, and am proud to be part of an organization that has such a positive impact in the world. It's important to me that what I do matters.
A seamless synthesis in thoughts, attention to detail and ideas that lead too great product development . An ability too learn within, you $git too write code.
Very laid back, everyone is kind and helpful
Smart people, pretty close to meritocratic, interesting challenges, high levels of transparency and super flat hierarchies considering the size of the company.
Super smart colleagues, inspiring goals, high impact work and very high compensation for successful engineers
Looks great on your resume. Lots of perks (if that's what moves you). Interesting story to tell your friends.
My compensation is extraordinarily high. The pipeline from research to deployment for a billion users is incredibly fast. The management is absolutely amazing. Resources are virtually unlimited. Facebook tries hard to do good, and unquestionably is doing well. Almost everyone is younger than me.
This is my fifth job and when I started it I expected it to have a lot of the politics a company this size typically has. I must say I have been pleasantly surprised to see how everyone employed here has been living the company values. There is a lot of focus on moving fast, making mistakes and correcting upon your mistakes. People and processes are very open that makes decision making super fast. There is little to no room for people who want to do things in the dark. You can feel the proximity to Zuck's decisions.
The leadership thinks in very innovative and novel ways. Teammates are very highly qualified. It is not just a place for the uber-geeks, people with all proficiencies and skill sets work coherently to achieve the Facebook mission.
Facebook is a top tech company like Google, LinkedIn, Apple and many others. All of these companies offer basically the same thing: great engineers, good money, free food, impacting zillions of people and interesting tech problems. Facebook has a few things that set it apart:  1. Open-ness. Root on every box, access to every source repo. I very rarely had to wait to receive credentials to do anything. At other jobs you're often blocked sitting at your desk for a few days waiting for access to some repository.  2. Control over your career. You don't get hired into a specific team -- you choose it (in recent years they've added a list of teams you can choose from, but there's still a lot of variety). And if you get bored or feel stalled, you're encouraged to switch teams.  I don't think other companies offer those things. The real list of pros is huge, but since they could be applied to other companies I don't include them here.  The only reason I left is because I always wanted to start my own startup. Otherwise I would have stayed forever.
Environment provides amazing learning experiences and professional growth, good benefits and compensation, high quality training and mentorship.
Driven Culture, very few politics, lots of perks, Facebook tries to maintain the start up culter and allow massive amounts of freedom to shape your own job and your own work. The review system can be the best getting honest peer review feedback that makes your work better.
The impact on the world one can have is sometimes hard to fathom. Also, most of the employees are just such decent human beings that it really skews the perspective on the world's population.
- great people, great benefits, great opportunities
Mission driven, entrepreneurial, benefits, high growth, focus more on results, hard-working but supportive in terms of achieving balance, fun environment, jerky behavior not as tolerated as other environments
- Great people - Free food - Amazing culture that focuses on impact - Lots of work - As much responsibility as you want
You get a lot of autonomy and are trusted to make right decision. High performance is expected, but is also recognized and rewarded with promotions/rises. Very interesting and diverse technical challenges. If something is broken - you're free to work with other teams on stuff that affects your team. No bs attitude and not much of politics happening at the office.
- There's always something to learn (I was always afraid joining a big company will make me stick to one task) - Lot's of different domains of work that you can choose from - Freedom to decide how you want to make the company better and that's what defines your job - We build fast and improve fast (that also includes improving salary and lifestyle) - Lots and lots of perks that you can read every where about
huge scale challenges, compensation, brilliant coworkers, perks and benefits, high degree of freedom to do what you like
High compensation, generous time-off. Good food. (the hamburger place is always tasty). The propaganda is usually enticing and the sweet shop keeps you fat.
I like work in the construction
Perks, culture, values, motivation, determination, people, compensation, arcade, gym, shuttles, free food, just about everything you could think of. They also have unlimited sick days. People really care about your health here.
A lot of work to be done -> means you have flexibility on what to work and there's ample opportunities to do something awesome. Perks are amazing, but they're made so you don't stress with the little details of life -> I work less hours in average than my previous top-company-job but achieve a lot more in that time. No micro management overall (obviously there are black sheep everywhere) -> you do need to know how to prioritize and work by yourself without being pushed though Mission and vision that matter to the world -> "Don't be evil", eh? Right. Here we're truly connecting the world. Very few teams focus on revenue, which is awesome. Excellent compensation -> do I need to say more? Travel to HQ if you're a remote team -> it's not so often so I enjoy it (personal thing though)
The fact that Facebook's product touches 1.3 BILLION people on a monthly basis is incredible. To support a community this large, everyone who works at Facebook must be willing to act fast, and often take risk. You are given a lot of autonomy in your role, however, FB is also surprisingly collaborative. I have never worked at a company where literally everyone I work with is equally as smart and hard-working across the board.
Facebook was the longest job I ever held, and it's testament to the people, the product and the perks. You're surrounded by an astounding number of really smart, accomplished people who are really dedicated to the company and its mission of connecting the world. Watching the company grow as the product grew from fewer than 50 million users to well over a billion in a few years was an astounding feat.  It's a work hard, play hard place. During my time there, the layers of management did grow, but the organization really strove to stay as nimble and fast-moving as possible. Most of the time, people are recognized and rewarded for their impact.  The perks are up there with the rest of the top Silicon Valley companies. And I really do miss taking a shuttle to work now.
Making an impact on more than billion people.
There isn't enough space to write them all. You work with the best, smartest, most interesting people in the world. You are working on problems that can touch over 1 billion people. If we don't have the tools we need to do something, we make them, then do what we wanted to do. I've never worked at a place that so inspiring, creative, and FUN as this one. I've been here for over a year and I am STILL not upset when it's Monday and I have to go back to work.
It's so inspiring to work with so many professional and smart people in such a free atmosphere. Every project you're working on is both challenging and interesting.
I love working here! Facebook allows me to be myself and make an impact while growing my career. I have worked with many cross functional teams and it's amazing to be surrounded by intelligent and creative individuals. I have been working here for 8 months and I have yet to wake up not wanting to go into work. They keep it exciting and are always changing to better the product, environment and org structure. I work long/hard hours but am treated so well that I don't feel the need or want to complain. I thrive in this type of environment and cannot wait to see what the years to come bring for my professional development. I am well compensated, am given a great amount of time off (and not afraid to use it) and my manager is very supportive with anything I need.
FB faces a lot of challenges that no other company in the world faces due to it's size and scale. I really like working on products that my friends and family use on a regular basis. Everyone is smart and driven and you can learn a lot just from those around you. The company leaders are really inspiring and some of the best in their fields.
Interesting work, smart people and a great environment. The ability to make a huge impact in a short period of time.
High pay worth low demands
Engineers get a lot of responsibility and room to grow in their careers. You work on things affecting hundreds of millions of people directly and there are not many places where you get that much impact. You learn a ton about the world.
I've worked in half a dozen companies in my career and this is definitely one of the top two. I suspect I will rate FB #1 by next year. The work is intellectually challenging, the environment is fast-paced, and the people I work with are excellent. FB has its eye on the ball at all times for its core platform yet is always looking at other opportunities for growth, though they may take several years to bear fruit. Management is open and accessible, particularly the weekly Q&A's with MZ and the leadership team - I've never experienced senior executives sharing that much information with an entire company before. Colleagues are easy to work with - not a lot of ego or politics that I've seen. In fact, we are reminded to check our ego as we enter the building - there is a lot of cooperation here. The benefits & perks are really amazing - I don't think college hires or interns truly appreciate what is offered here unless they have worked for other employers. (You can never take these things for granted, so I really appreciate these perks.) And the total compensation structure seems very competitive - they have many dials and buttons to play with, and I feel I am well-compensated for my contributions. The commute benefits are excellent, and make it really easy to use transit, shuttles or vanpools. Driving to work is just so stressful, both ways. I'd really rather not.
Amazing company culture, ultra aligned vision, fantastic talented and motivated colleagues, entrepreneurial and "hacker" culture is very strong. Of course the perks are nice, but they are just there to remove distractions to allow you to focus on what matters. If you are attracted solely by perks, look elsewhere, you don't belong here.
Here at Facebook, the destination is space, and beyond. It is only up to you on what you want to achieve. No one will stop you. All the perks, smart people, amazing environment and great tools will help you get there. I am honored to be able to work here.
There are constant opportunities to have huge impacts, and more interesting projects than you'll ever have time to get involved in. One amazing aspect is that everyone is truly open, it's not just an empty motto here, so collaboration is very easy. You can follow anyone else's work through internal tools, provide feedback, join in a random project during a Hackathon, etc.
Everything in engineering is cutting edge. The projects we get to take on are huge, and there's lots of learning to be done. The decisions for engineering are made by me, not handed down by someone else. The culture is also made by me, not handed down by someone else. (As an individual, you own the experience/culture/projects at FB just as much as anyone else does)  Currently, I have an awesome manager who is helping me to personally grow as well.  Also, it seems like all of the cultural decisions that were made by the m-team here are extremely well thought out. They always seem to be the most natural / reasonable decisions
Being around so many talented and knowledgeable people. Flexibility is also great allowing us to work from home when needed.
Really smart people working to change the world, all aligned to our mission.
There are tons of perks but after 3yrs it doesn't matter if you are not happy with the team, job or the way you are treated.
Move fast!!! Not afraid to take risks. Smart people.
The culture here is very open. From day one we get access to every piece of code and the company trusts us to contribute our best without being afraid of breaking some code in the process. Exorbitant amount of power with respect to choice is given to each employee from choosing his his/her own team to the areas within the team they want to work on. This results in a deep sense of trust and ownership which drives each and every employee to contribute to their limits. And the perks never stop :)
In my opinion, Facebook operates under a policy of extreme trust and respect for its employees. It gives us many privileges and opportunities, and it trusts us to not screw things up or abuse our privileges. In return, the employees all respect the company back. In addition, everyone is ridiculously smart and amazing and a pleasure to work with.
- Ambitious, world-changing mission as a company - Great leadership - Lots of autonomy and ability to get things done quickly
Get lots of responsibility, freedom to pursue what you want to and have high impact. Great place to work.. free food and swag
- You are measured and rewarded on impact and not the other usual factors such as your relationship with manager or how many hours you have to work - Great open culture where you can question anything and anyone. You are encouraged to take risks in order to achieve something bigger. - Great place for mentorship - bootcamp is amazing way to understand company culture, build relationships and get exposure to various technologies. Beyond that there are tons of individuals that you just need to ask and they will help you in every way possible. - Facebook has some of the friendliest individuals that I have ever worked with - Great perks! food, amenities, health, dental, gym, and the list goes on and on - Believes in compensating you what you are worth instead of trying to lowball and counter offering once you have a competing offer. - You are truly working on things that are making a difference in people's lives
Really smart people, Zuck has weekly Q+As and answers everything
Awesome tech company! Hacker culture, fun to work at.
The technical bar across the company is really high, which makes it a great place to build great things and learn from your peers. It has a ton of benefits that make your life very comfortable (laundry, commute shuttles, restaurant, gym) but nothing beats being surrounded by great people.
This is a very accommodating employer that really gives back to its employers. I never feel like I'm going to work on a Monday. As long as you're being impactful, you'll be recognized for your efforts.
Very positive atmosphere that challenges you, good camaraderie between workers. Very competitive compensation and benefits.
Goes out of the way to help you be your best.
The office environment is good in general, also having a big name on your resume may be good for the future. Most of the colleagues are very prepared technically.
Very good way to launch a career. Very mission driven company that has lots of benefits. Highly recommended for someone about to graduate or post-graduate in their first year.
- Great reach - Great people - Great resources - Great projects - Great perks & compensation  The fast-paced movement really aligns well with me.
Exciting projects, minimal bureaucracy, focus on impact, great learning and development programs, autonomy to make decisions for effective production.
Wonderful amenities - the food is just outstanding. Everything is home-made and natural or organic. Wide variety with lots of restaurants, and it's all FREE. Beautiful campus, bicycles are available for either going from building to building or going for a ride in the afternoon Lots of places to relax or lie down if you need a break GREAT coffee and a Philz coffee on campus Sweet Stop shop if you need a sugar lift in the PM Fantastic help desk for IT issues. Anything you need to do your job is given to you. Laptops and phones are top-of-the-line. Something is always happening on campus, whether it's a vendor, a celebrity visitor, or Mark Z making an appearance.
One of the most recognizable companies in the business, laid-back, high influx of determined/capable young professionals.
Making a difference in and out of Facebook. Mission of connecting people is beneficial to millions of people. Compensation and perks very good. Lacks bureaucracy. Good equipment. Self-starters can go far. Free, fresh food and drinks. Paid parking.
Great place to work--great people, interesting work, great perks, lots of opportunity to take on more responsibility.
The biggest problem with working for Facebook is showing up to work every day (well, not every day since the work-from-home policy is pretty liberal) and thinking, "Man, this must be a bubble. I mean, there's a bouncy house, 10 scotch bars, and they're roasting a pig in Hacker Square."  But, if you can stand that, the rest is great.
Fun and laid back atmosphere
Not only is everyone incredibly sharp and very good at their jobs, but also, almost without exception, everyone is a pleasure to work and associate with. I'm given an incredible work/life balance. I feel like working on my team is like working with a close group of friends.
Talented people everywhere, lots of perks.
The "Move Fast" reputation Facebook is known for is truly how it is inside the company. This makes getting the job done a much less painful experience. Truly an "ask for forgiveness" environment (no need to ask for permission). If there was no downside (which there is), I would give this company a rating of 5 stars hands down.
Have a great experience and meet new people
Fast paced, high impact, lots of freedom to pursue directions you find interesting, awesome data set, the ability to have an idea and see it implemented and affecting real people in weeks or months instead of years
Amazing food, great campus and latest technology.
Facebook is used by everyone, and this is incredible. The Menlo Park campus is really cool and has a great vibe. - Great benefits - Smart people - Impact on millions of people
Rare engineer-driven culture. Many holidays and PTOs. Easy to switch to new team. So many training opportunities.
Facebook combines the best aspects of working at a large public company (lots of resources and lots of institutional knowledge) and a hot startup (lots of super smart people and tons of autonomy). Going to work is a ton of fun. I look forward to tackling new problems each day.
Facebook is definitely a great place to work. If you're young (or not) and energetic, you can still do big things here. As an engineer, you still have a lot of control over the direction of your product, at least on the teams I've experienced. I think management is pretty good here as well, and you definitely work with really great engineers. The pay is great, the benefits are awesome, you are largely treated well, but this is a company you can definitely bite into too hard and overwork yourself. The place is still a lot more open internally than other corporate machines, less so since going public. Also, you get the sense that Mark has a vision, and really wants to execute on that. Time will tell if the spur of acquisitions lately are worth it, but he definitely has the balls to act on where he thinks the product is moving.
Lots of opportunities to try other departments.
Even after 4.5 years, the work is inspiring and the new challenges are exciting. Still the smartest employees in the business with a broad view of the world, which allows the company to serve many different cultures.
Working Conditions are great, the perks are also very good.
Innovative, hard-working, fast paced, friendly, fun, challenging work environment
Fun culture, super smart people, great benefits (for non married folks), still retains the "let's do everything at a breakneck speed" mentality. The hierarchy is still pretty flat. You are always in charge of your destiny so it's pretty much up to you to step up or sit down. If you sit down too long, you won't last. This is a company of doers, not debaters. There is opportunity everywhere as long as you have the attitude to do something with it. Most everyone is incredibly helpful.
The people. The work. The culture. The perks. The CEO.  # ^ $
You ship code within your first two weeks. Hundreds of millions of people around the world care about what you do. Pay and benefits are great, particularly RSU offerings. You're expected to move up (and get raises, bonuses, more RSUs) quickly. You can do pretty much whatever you want and work on whatever you want. There aren't a lot of rules, other than security/privacy practices. Even on mobile apps, your code ships fast.  Facebook's onboarding process is the best I've ever seen, and I've worked at a lot of other major companies. You're hired as an engineer, not as someone to fill a specific job. Then you spend your first six weeks getting to know how all of the company works, filling in small holes on code bases that you aren't familiar with (web, Android, iOS, data analysis stuff), and learning what problems in the company you most want to work on, before you pick your team. Every large software company should be doing this.
The people are smart, and the scaling challenges are great. Where else does your code impact a billion people? The compensation is amazing.  Senior management are generally amazing people, smart, visionary and compassionate.
Good pay, excellent environment, tons of perks, opportunity to work with several teams, beautiful office, Opportunities for mobility within the company, everyone feels like they're on the same team
I moved here from a larger stable company where I was also working as a software engineer, and I have just been wow-ed! Apart from the amazing perks, I work with a set of very dedicated, determined and intelligent folks, which is really the best part of working here.  - Co-workers are mostly rockstars! - Lots of resources to learn - 7 months into my job and I feel I am already a much better engineer. - Lots of importance on what YOU want to work on, versus what your manager thinks you should work on. You can freely talk to your manager and find an intersection between your interests and the company/product needs. - Everything is automated (again by rockstar teams), and processes are made as simple as possible. - Great pay, stocks and bonuses. - Amazing perks! Lots of food choices, great campus, regular team happy hours with great food, and the list goes on and on.
Nice fast paced culture, that encourages folks to take risks. Smart set of co-workers. Nice perks. Laundary, food, loaded micro-kitchens, pay etc etc.
Huge impact on billions of people while working with awesome, insanely intelligent coworkers at a pleasant office. Great free food and perks. Lots of autonomy and big problems to solve. Engineer driven culture. Down to earth, available CEO.
The campus is insane, great place to be, delicious food, positive environment overall. Young team overall, great benefits.
great company and online prodict
After a year I'm still learning from super-smart coworkers. It's like a excellent school that pays you.
Great place, great mission, great creativity and upper managment support behind creativity
Awesome people, Great culture, Great food
You get to meet a lot of really smart people. Also, there are a lot of benefits and there's more coming.
Some perks, smart people, learning opportunities, great networking with very accomplished silicon valley folks, office space is fun (maybe too distracting)
Amazing work culture, you never see it as a work place
Great people , good knowledge sharing
energy, and food energy, and food
- Some of the smartest engineers I've ever worked with - Great free food and perks (dry cleaning, snacks, etc) - Lots of opportunities to make things happen -- great bottoms up culture - Mostly very nice people who try to help each other out
Great Teamwork! , Great CEO ,Great Engineers
Benefits, perks and pay are good. Most people are very nice.
Social interactions with different people from the IT industry.
Lots of interesting problems to solve.
Clear vision, talented/diverse employees, awesome benefits, solid upper management/leadership
Open culture, everything is transparent to everyone, move fast like a startup rather an big company, engineer here is very nice
-life changing experience  -work on world class infrastructure  -dynamite resume material  -make hundreds of connections with other people in the industry, as they filter out to other companies over several years you will have connections everywhere  -Interview training. Your interview game for the next job will be vastly improved.  -Perf evaluations pretty fair.  -Worth it. You can pivot your experience at Facebook into a job anywhere else, often with less stress and more money. Lots of companies use Facebook a recruiting filter.
Sharp, genuine, driven people everywhere. The company and leadership truly want to make the world a better place. Healthy and fun work atmosphere enables people to reach their potential. Employees empowered take chances and make a real impact.
For a large company, it's amazing how they have quantified the ability to measure and quantify contributions as a metric towards career advancement.
The culture is amazing. They will work hard to find you something to work on that fits your passions and lets you make a huge impact. No corporate BS. Great people.
I'm working in the infrastructure department (I'm less aware of the working experience in the product). The people I'm working with are very smart and motivated. The infra challenges are kind of unique. There are still a lot of things to build, the personal impact can be huge. Extremely open environment.
- Energizing mission to connect the world - Great business outlook - Perks (but only in large offices like Menlo Park, Dublin, Sao Paulo) - Still keeps some of its original hacker culture - Great CEO
- Comp - Coworkers - Perks - Benefits - Facebook wants to help you be your best
Brilliant colleagues, fantastic startup-ish culture and desire to do things the right way, interesting and widely varied technologies and challenges to solve, great perks to make your life comfortable.
Facebook prides itself on : speed, agility, etc. Facebook cares about things like quality and perfection too, but indexes higher on speed.  Also perks are amazing.
Great perks. Employees do not have to worry about too much logistics that keep them from moving fast. Open environment
a bunch of work to do, there's always one fit you. small team with talent guy. free and nice food.
- Get to work with some of the most brilliant computer engineers - Impact: harder to find a place where your work touches more than a billion people - Open culture: you have all the freedom to work on things other than your project - Scale: get to work on some of the most challenging and unique problems that come with the scale of Facebook - Amazing perks!
There's something really special about the Facebook culture. Employees are passionate about the work and projects. They are some of the smartest and dedicated I've worked with, and also a lot of fun to work with (seriously). Everyone is focused on the mission of the company, which is awesome. Excellent benefits and employee perks - onsite healthcare, chiropractor, acupuncture, gym and many others I haven't tried out yet. Another huge bonus for me is the support I have here as a woman in the tech community, it's pretty amazing.
- Salary - Free food - Can work from home anytime, no penalty - Smart and fun team, quick hard-skill growth - Lot of open-ended problems, lot of low hanging fruits, lot of possibilities (you just don't see it from outside) - No such thing as under-utilized/over-qualified for a job. When you stuck in that situation, you are not challenging yourself enough
writing code that impacts millions of people everyday
Best place to work, ever.
Top quality engineers, management who doesn't slow you down or want to track every time you take a poop. Seriously, this place was built for speed. They empower the engineer and allow you to do what you need to get done without fear. At first I just assumed this was like every other corporation who claims to empower their employees and move fast. Nobody wants to move slow but Facebook is serious. It really is different here and in a great way.
Opportunities, benefits, perks. Engineers go through a 4-6 week training program and have an opportunity to choose which team to work on. The benefits package is very competitive. On-site perks are awesome.
Probably the most important thing about Facebook is the culture. Engineers are always free to solve problems when they see them. Generally there are no hard deadlines to meet, so you can almost always put something to the side when you think there's something more valuable to do. If you find a bug in somebody else's project, fix it. If you have an idea for a useful feature, make it. We're willing to try anything once. The agility of Facebook is amazing, because all engineers are expected to be able to help out with anything. The org is very loose.  And the benefits are fantastic. Free food, laundry, shuttle service from all over the Bay Area, and much more.
fast pace, a lot to learn, comfortable env, nice people, flat promotion
Great perks. Generally smart people.
1. Surrounded by very intelligent people 2. Opportunity to experiment! 3. Great perks and benefits 4. Love the snackbar
Of course the perks are great, but the most important perk is working for a company I truly believe in. Mark is an incredible leader who wants to make the world a better place, and I love doing work for a mission I care about.
Ability to have impact. Open communication. Work-life balance. Smart people. Fun.
Challenging problems in scope and scale to solve. Money for projects is essentially unlimited. Buy the best of everything.
Passionate and smart people, company brand value, lots of different projects/areas to work on
From day 1 you have the opportunity to have impact and the company as a whole is very open.
- Choosing your own product team to work with - Free food, medical plan, 401K, CalTrain passes, along with many other perks of a big tech company - Company culture - Strong management with a strong philosophy - Beautiful campus
- Fast paced learning - Freedom to work on what interests you - You can make big impact - Everything based on merit and performance, no politics - openness in culture - perks are awesome
Great campus, great food, lots of really smart people! Very flexible environment. Lots of on campus events and opportunities to participate in fun activities. If you have an idea, no one will get in your way to try to implement it!
Talent - I came from working in tech in Boston and this is a standard deviation increase in talent. Projects are run by PMs who really know what they are doing with a strong skill set in strategy, engineering, data driven decision making and user experience. Strategic direction - Money truly is a means by which we can achieve the mission to connect the world. There are tons of bold bets and we seem to have a good balance of reacting to the marketplace and maintaining focus on executing with blinders when necessary. Opportunity - There is so much work for really anyone to come in and make. With such rapid growth, there are bound to be mega bugs or missed opportunities ripe for fresh eyes to come in and recognize immediately. Culture - The company values are genuine and you really do get the feel that you are working on something bigger than yourself. Getting to hear from and ask questions of Mark each week really helps makes sure everyone is in the loop and feels heard if they disagree. You are never "out of line" for thinking big picture or questioning strategic direction and it is in fact encouraged. There's also a ton of young people so it is great to meet friends, especially if you live in SF.
Great benefits like free gym access, meals, snacks, bonus money for having kids, etc. Great technology to work with. Talented engineers create inventive tools that enable non-technical staff to do their jobs with ease. Genuinely nice and honest people can be found in every team.
Facebook's "move fast and break things" culture avoids assigning blame for reasonable mistakes, which is a wonderful thing. Teams actively avoid separating creation and responsibility, so you are actually responsible for code that you wrote. The engineers that I get to work with are amazingly skilled and good coworkers
Lots of autonomy and freedom to take risks.
I never knew a company could move so fast and get so much done while still kind of being out of control. The norm wasn't to follow a policy or to go by the book, but instead to continually innovate and ask why we do things the way we do. I was constantly challenged by the high caliber of my peers around me. I worry that I may never find such a great work environment again.
Free food. Free transportation. Get to put Facebook on your resume. Casual work attire.
high salary and growth rate
Free food, high energy environment.
The culture is fantastic. Everyone is smart and passionate about what they do. It really feels like we are changing the world.
amazing brilliant people, great morale, tremendous perks, amazing product, so much room for the company to grow...we are changing the world
Awesome coworkers, challenging projects, hacker culture, not being afraid to take risks, amazing infrastructure, hardly any bureaucracy
1) everyone is insanely smart. so it's a great place to progress. 2) despite 1) people have no ego. no one is territorial. you don't like something and think you can do better? go at it. 3) the internal culture build around the "hack" directive is very strong, very motivational and makes me feel very comfortable 4) immense data to analyze 5) everyday a chance to make an impact
1. Great benefits and perks 2. Passionate and dedicated employees 3. Fun and exciting environment
Lot of independence in choosing your projects, recognition for innovation, complex problems, daily code pushes to production, awesome peers.
The best thing about this place is that you have so many smart people around you. You can learn from the best, working on the most interesting products for 1B of people.
I've been able to define my career trajectory here by focusing on projects that I think will have the highest impact on the business. It's up to me to fight for the resources (people, time, money) I need to complete the project. But at the end of the day and after a lot of hard work, Facebook is a place where I can take a vision and take it to fruition.
It is good to work here with the smartest people in San Francisco bay area. The company is always moving fast.
- you can choose your team, and, later, you can change it, - the company is a significant contributor to open source, - there are lots of smart people around you, - plenty of perks (great and varied food, company shuttles, public transportation, bike repair, laundry & dry cleaning, banking, ...) - powerful hardware to develop on
High responsibilities from day one. High powers from day one. The company lives up to its motto of move fast and don't be afraid.
Working at a world leading company Excellent pay
Co-workers are supportive and always willing to help. Move fast and make great impact.
Facebook is an excellent place to work. The job is interesting and challenging, the co-workers are vibrant and brilliant and the perks are fantastic. I am excited to go to work everyday and very enthusiastic about my future which wasn't the case at my old job. The work, the location, the food, the perks and the co-workers make this the best place to work that I can imagine.
- surrounded by talented coworkers everywhere - no-nonsense environment, freedom to set your own goals, very little politics - managers that actually understand tech, at all levels
Great place to work at I really enjoyed it a lot.
Perks, free and delicious food, free other stuff, 21 days vacation, good for resume. Free schedule, nice office, gym onsite etc.
great place to work for
Great and smart people who make things happen. It's a fantastic environment to work in, to learn a lot and with great benefits.
As titled. Also, the company is still growing pretty fast, so there is plenty of opportunities to make big impact.
Smart and driven colleagues Vision of management and Mark Zuckerberg to prioritize long term goals over short term ones Ability to work on a product that affects hundreds of millions of people Employees given large responsibilities relatively early in their careers Strong culture makes it fun to work here
Amazing work environment, friendly co-workers, and a huge salary.
-- Emphasis on interpersonal skills, honesty and integrity -- Smartest people I have ever worked with -- Inspiring mission and leadership -- Amazing benefits (onsite health, postal services, food and gym)
- Most powerful engineering force in the world - Potential for individual impact enormous - Incredible people and data, good tools - Good employer - regards employees highly, cares and nurtures for them - Good pay, perks galore - Relatively light on politics considering size and breadth - All around a fun environment
Strong entrepreneurial culture that fosters independence and proactivity. This translates in small talented teams that can makes things happen. And funnily it's a very open and connected organization, no red tape in sight. Management truly values longterm over short term, and proves they do by not being afraid of changing their strategies whenever circumstances change.
Open, flat management, fast, smart, amazing benefits, flexible schedule, self-directed
Anyone can make an immediate impact in the organization, especially those at Menlo Park HQ. The perks are great and the culture is awesome.
The learning opportunity at Facebook is huge. You have so many resources available to you. For new grads, you have the opportunity to treat Facebook like a pseudo-grad-school. The people are awesome and the perks make you comfortable.
Lots of challenging problems to work on. Lots of really smart people to work with. And a really nice environment to work in. 3 meals a day - with varied menus and options. Fully stocked micro kitchens. 21 days vacation per year (plus sick days).
Fast moving company. Good compensation. One of the most recognizable companies in the world.
Facebook's environment is fast paced and exciting. New problems jump up at you all the time and it is a joy to work towards fixing them. It is really a problem solver's dream. Management generally does whatever they can to aide in the solving of problems and removing road blocks. The process overhead is kept to a minimum and we are encouraged to point out areas that are too encumbered by process. The perks on campus are excellent and varied. The people that I get to work with on a day to day basis are enjoyable and very intelligent.
A place to be challenged and make an impact.
awesome benefits, above average compensation, smart coworkers, flexible management, no bureaucracy, creative work environment and offices located worldwide. everyone knows and have a Facebook account
FLEXIBILITY, FLEXIBILITY, FLEXIBILITY Work on what you want Work when you want Work where you want  Very flexible schedule. I generally come in to the office at 1pm. Sometimes I leave at 10pm, sometimes I leave at 2am, sometimes [Fridays] I leave at 7pm. Sometimes I work from home. Sometimes I work from Hawaii. Excellent opportunity. I was promoted within 7 months of starting. Super flexible management. I told my manager I wanted to work on a new [my own] project, he immediately said go for it. I've been working on it full time for 1.5 months. I told my manager I wanted to move to Seattle. He said okay, look for a team up there. Awesome food. Awesome amenities. Smart people. Learn from the best.
The pros of working at Facebook are too many to list, but the biggest ones are: the ability to shape your work, opportunities for career growth, support from bosses and management, flexible work schedule, and working for a mission-driven company that has massive impact throughout the world.
Work on great problems with good people. Flexibility, responsibility. Little politics. High-quality work is the best way to get noticed.
- The people I work with - It's amazing how much impact a single engineer can make
This place is amazing. The campus is crazy awesome. The Job is rewarding.
There are lots of smart people and you get an opportunity to learn a lot. The problems are very challenging, and people have an opportunity to make a big impact within the company.
working with incredible people working on something people all over the world use being able to work without bureaucracy you also get to work on problems that may not fit in your direct scope, which means you learn as you go, and might find your next position without even trying great perks: food, shuttles, haircuts
Facebook is very flexible, you get to work on many projects there, the team is very young and dynamic and the work is very challenging
- Freedom to work on tough issues that are important to you - Free food from micro kitchens, two cafeterias, a burrito bar, pizza bar, burger bar, BBQ shack, and sweet shop - On site gym - Lots of company discounts - You'll work around some of the brightest people in the industry
The amount of freedom you get as an engineer is unlike anything I've seen. We have a culture that while going fast to build new things, strives to improve the codebase and overall code quality.
- I get to help solve problems for a billion people... literally. I go to parties and friends complain to me about Facebook and I love it... because I'm empowered to help make it better. I often turn around and literally try and solve those exact problems because I *can* help. - I get to solve really interesting business problems. - I have access to the most senior executives -- even though it's big, it isn't *that* layered. - The perks are outstanding. My friends tease me for getting to work at grown up Disneyland.
The culture and environment is amazing. Everyone is empowered and responsible, there's no politics or overly restrictive processes or oppressive management oversite.
make a difference in the world no nonsense hacker culture generous vacations and parental leave
Surrounded by smart people. Very comfortable in terms of food options, environment, exercise options, local amenities, support for being able to excel, encouragement to grow. Working from home allowed in moderation.
You get work with some of the smartest people in Silicon Valley as well as in our offices around the world. The flexible work structure ensures people are always working on highly levered tasks they're excited about.
_Everyone is world-class in everything they do, from PMs to Legal to Engineers who are some of the best around. _The challenges are huge, the impact is vast _Anyone can propose ideas and try them out as an experiment, the best experiments will make it out to 1 billion people! _Free food _Tons of awesome perks
The Culture: This tops the list of reasons to work at Facebook. Many companies say they take their culture seriously but Facebook lives it. The mantras and propaganda around the office really do help you "stay focused and keep shipping", by clearing away your own barriers and resolving debates.  The Impact: My first day on the job I submitted a diff that now hundreds of millions of people see every day. Imagining a more connected world keeps me coming in every day, because I know that I'm building that future.  The Career Opportunities: There is no arbitrary ladder, no game mechanics, at Facebook. Your career grows as you hack larger things. Because you are encouraged to work across Facebook, jumping teams and technologies, you gain a variety of skills that keeps you agile and flexible. And because Facebook is built on a lot of open source technologies, the skills you gain here are easily transferable everywhere.
Facebook is a rapidly growing company where you can work on digital products (and the infrastructure that support them) that impact a billion people around the world. The company culture is richer and uplifted more-so than any other company I've worked at (including Microsoft, IBM, and NYT). We're encouraged to take control of and have ownership over our work, micro-management is micro-managed out and big-impact work is rewarded (even—no especially—if it's not sexy).  There are few places in the world which provide the hat-trick of being an exciting place to work, provide freedom to work on what you want, and provide social and cultural impact to a significant portion of global humanity.
-The smartest people with the most passion about what they work on. -People who legitimately want to make people's lives better through open communication. -Amazing technological infrastructure worked on by everyone at the company - not just a core team. -Leadership that thinks about the future and makes every effort to move towards it.
Lots of freedom to choose what you want to work on. Also, the company does its best to ensure you have everything you need to do your job really well. And bunch of very smart people to work with.
There is a huge potential for impact. If you have a great idea and can convince others to join you, there is very little process stopping you from building awesome new stuff and shipping it to the world. Practically everyone I know, and everyone I meet, has used the software that I've written.  The company culture and values are amazing and everyone is totally on board with them. There is no politics or infighting and everyone is really on the same team trying to make facebook better.  Facebookers are extremely smart people and super passionate about their work. We aren't afraid to take on new risks or big challenges.  The technology stack is mind boggling. When I started at facebook a few years ago, every day I learned something that made my jaw drop. The same thing still happens to me on a regular basis years later.  Mark and Sheryl make a great pair of leaders that I have the utmost confidence in.  There are excellent learning and development programs/opportunities that help you progress in your career.  The benefits are obviously awesome too.
- The culture is very open and honest, and the heavy use of groups internally keeps everyone accountable to others. Company-wide Q&As also keep the management team transparent. - The work you do is high impact, and products iterate quickly - Hackamonths actively encourage engineers to try a different team occasionally - Lots of opportunities to continue learning, like training for iOS and android development
Everything at Facebook moves incredibly quickly which makes it a very exciting place to be. There are also a ton of smart people there and I feel like I'm constantly learning new things from my coworkers.
Fast paced, empowering, no hierarchy or red tape, truly "open" culture
Great perks / benefits directed at removing friction from your life so you can focus on working and playing. The company still "feels" small, energetic, and focused despite its medium-sized-ness. Awesome accessibility to some of the best and brightest people in the tech industry... working with really smart people is very satisfying.
- Great co-workers - passionate, talented, ambitious, yet humble. - Opportunity to impact a billion users - Great work culture - move fast, no bureaucracy. - Great management
Freedom to work on what you like
I left Google due to all the red tape, process, communication difficulties across teams and depts, etc. Facebook will undoubtedly face these challenges as well as they grow, but at this current stage, they've taken more of an open, "move fast and break things" approach. I love the freedom given to explore, share, collaborate, and HACK. I didn't feel I had much of this freedom at Google - and there is much less (pretty much none) of the "Engineer vs. Everyone else" caste system that Google is famous for.  I am incredibly relieved, and satisfied, that I made the jump. I've been at many of silicon valley's top tier companies in my 15 years here in SV. After 15 years here, I have a pretty strong idea of what I want and what I don't want - so I can say with confidence that Facebook is my lifer job - I plan on staying here a WHILE.
- Super talented co-workers - Facebook really is changing the world - Very easy to have a large impact inside the company - Strong focus on enabling everyone to do their best work. In particular this means focusing on keeping non productive overhead to a minimum, giving everyone the hardware, training, etc they need to succeed, preventing unhealthy corporate politics and continuously looking for ways to make engineers more productive
+ Smart/energetic people around you to make yourself better + Relative flat management for a company at this size + Projects that influence people + Probably the best café in all IT companies at the moment. Thomas Keller, Gary Danko theme, etc. + Work for fun. You can still keep a life if you are good at what you are doing. :)
Great co-workers - Facebook employs extraordinary people, working with such amazing people makes all the difference. Open environment - Facebook encourages you to break the boundaries, you should are always welcome to come up with new ideas, crazy as they seam. Great benefits and perks - The campus in MPK is amazing, gym, food, laundry, coffee, doctor, everything for the employees. The 4 month parental leave wasn't bad either.
I joined facebook coming from 8 years in the Financial Services industry. Wow, what a world of difference. 2 biggest pros come to mind:  - Openness. Do you have an issue with a colleague or something facebook is doing? No problem. Take care of it. Facebook encourages its employees to be open and give feedback for things they think should be improved.  - Do you want to see your impact on 1 billion users? Come to facebook. Although I'm not in engineering, I work with a lot of software engineers, including interns, who constantly talk about the things they work on and how they love showing these off to their friends and family.
My coworkers are ridiculously smart and competent. Every day I learn something new from one of them. We move fast and think about having impact on the world. Our site is used by a billion people. The company cares about its employees' quality of life, we have excellent food, shuttles to/from San Francisco, a culture that eschews meetings, great ergonomics, onsite medical care, and a gym. New engineers go through "bootcamp," which exposes you to all aspects of the codebase in a friendly environment where you're allowed to ask n00bish questions and bond with other new engineers.
Code ships quickly Every engineer has a lot of impact on products Easy to move between teams Engineers are encouraged to find teams where they have the most impact Very smart co-workers
Lots of investment in employee learning and growth Too much responsibility too soon helps you move up quickly and learn fast Great perks, great coworkers
People are Awesome. They help you grow and a very open-minded and supporting environment Great Perk. I feel less Politics in career track as long as you gain support and trust from team members.
* Free food * Fun people * "Don't ask for permission, just go do it" culture * The code I write goes in to production in a matter of days * A vast distribution of incredibly interesting problems to work on (often hard to choose from) * Management knows they can't really shove anything on to anyone. If they want to see something get done a different way, it's up to them to persuade not to force (I've worked in 3 completely different groups in the company and this was a consistent theme)
- Flexible working hours - Flat management
The best reason to come to work at Facebook is you will be amazed by how skilled your coworkers are.
Top reason : the people at facebook. They are the most brilliant and smartest people I have ever met. They provide you with an awesome learning experience and a very cool work culture. Other reasons : Nice salary package, great food, minimal politics, and other nice perks (too many to explicitly state!)
- really smart people to work with - culture of empowerment - freedom to do what makes the most sense - tons of challenging problems and opportunities
High impact - your work affects a lot of people. Interesting - there are a lot of challenging problems to solve. Flexible - choose when and how much to work. You are judged on what you accomplish, not how long you are at the office doing it. Work/life balance - other than hackathons and offsites, I'm home for dinner with my family. Choose your path - you get to choose what to work on out of bootcamp.
* open flow of information within the company * ability to have big impact as soon as you join * get to work with and learn from a bunch of brilliant people
You work with incredibly smart people on cutting edge technology. It's relatively easy to ship. Not too much process. Whatever you ship will likely impact the lives of hundreds of millions of people. It's easy to switch teams so you can always focus on your passion.
The culture is really what sells me on a Facebook -- moving fast is a prerequisit to succeeding there, and code wins arguments. Very little of the fiefdoms and internal bickering of other large tech companies occurs there because people are so concentrated on impact.
Very open culture, great challenges, wide variety of tasks, freedom of team choice, awesome perks and free food.
Whatever you do in this company, it affects 1 billion people. Everyone I work with is smart, driven, and ready to help. Young and fun environment, there's always something going on: company parties, hackathons, team offsites. It's difficult to get bored. Awesome perks. Flexible hours.
Given freedom to work on what I think needs working on, when I want and with any resources I need. Get to work with smart competent people who as a bonus are fun to be around. Engineer-driven and as transparent about decisions as I have seen in a company
- Huge impact from day one - I got to own pretty large projects almost as soon as I joined, and the amount of trust placed in employees even from the first few weeks in bootcamp is amazing. - Exciting work environment, I work with some of the very best people I've met in the business every day - Real start-up feel and anxious to keep it that way. There's a lot of attention paid to the culture of the company - Things really do move fast. It's really motivating to see the results of your efforts get adopted so quickly - Great support from management - Fun @ work, many great perks. Lots of free food, and a gym to work it all off.
I've found Facebook to be a place time and time again which hires smart people and empowers them to go do bold things without having to involve a lot of people to make decisions.
* Favorite thing is the people I work with - super smart, humble, and motivated * Culture of innovation and challenging assumptions * Culture of shipping over politics
- Fun, engaging workplace - Engineering-driven tech company - Encourages employees to be bold and try things out - Values ideas and their implementation over employee seniority - Bottom-up decision making (allows employees to determine how they can make the most impact)
- I feel like my success is bounded by my own abilities, not by management or corporate politics or something - Work time is *super flexiblie*. I generally work 10-6pm or so, work from home on wednesdays - Food, laundry, etc.. at work - Coworkers are awesome, all really excited about the product
* Very smart, hardworking, enthusiastic coworkers: The software engineers here are the best in the world * Lots of independence for software engineers: We do a lot more than just implement specs, especially with hackathons and hackamonths encouraging people to work on things outside of their area of expertise * Great benefits and salary: 5 different kinds of free food on campus, free laundry, snacks, generous parent benefits, etc.
Coworkers - smart, hard working, fast, cooperative Team selection - work where you are happiest & make the biggest impact Culture Benefits Workload - you're just expected to get your work done, not spend all of your time at work
- everyone you'll work with here is incredibly motivated to build the best possible product and extremely talented at doing that - you're able to make an impact on the product and more generally how things work immediately, without waiting for seniority or a promotion - we move fast here, meaning your finished project won't sit around for months before shipping and we adapt rapidly to changes in the market - there is no such thing as an unimportant project here - we have so much to do and not enough people to do it that no one spends time on anything that won't have a big impact, not even interns - progression in the company, salary increases, equity refreshers, etc. happen in a clear and fair manner - they take care of us very well from a perks and compensation perspective - great food, an awesome campus, and more - everything is very flexible - as long as you get your work done and make your (very few) meetings, you pick your work hours - you have the resources of a larger company, like a mature codebase, helpful abstractions, automation of some uninteresting tasks - all things that let you focus more on the interesting parts of your job rather than tedious setup
- Moves very, very fast. Individual teams are empowered to ship at-will.   - Very open and transparent. Very few company "secrets". Everyone is up-to-date on what everyone else is doing. This leads to almost non-existent company politics.   - Great co-workers. Nearly everyone is among the best at what they do, so there is a huge about of trust across orgs.
The entire company is engineer driven. We have our choice of teams and projects. We determine our own goals and targets. The entire company is open. The culture here is the most accepting I have ever seen. Everyone here is easily aproachable. The company greatly values its employees, and treats its them accordingly.
It doesn't matter if it's Monday or if it's Friday, a common theme at my job is that the day flies by. I often hear people say "Where did the time go?" because honestly the work is so engaging an enjoyable. We are truly blessed to both do what we love, and get paid well for it.
Facebook is an awesome company. Everyone has the opportunity to make great impact there, as the things you build are used by millions of people worldwide. The company is still growing, which makes for a lot of room for career improvement inside it too, not to talk about all the experience you get there. Finally, the work environment is just great, with very good free food, open space, and the feeling that everyone loves working there.
The most important reason to work at Facebook is the other people working at Facebook. Almost all of them are very, very good. Down to about the 20th percentile of engineer, you can pretty much take their word as gold: if they say they'll do X in time Y, they will, and often a better X in a little less time than Y. This is a kind of super-power: it reduces the overhead of coordinating complex projects significantly.  Facebook is also a mission-focused organization, in the same sense that the military, or a relief agency is. Most employees understand the goal of the company to be larger than just making its employees and shareholders materially successful.  You will enjoy a vertiginous amount of authority as a front-line employee at Facebook. For better and for worse, on your first day at Facebook, you're given the keys to the proverbial Ferrari, you can push code, fix bugs, implement features, and yes, crash the site as much as any other engineer. Many user-facing decisions end up getting made by individual engineers.  This also implies that your work will have impact. Almost everyone you meet in your daily life is a user of your software. If they are unhappy users, it is your fault and responsibility to make it better. If they are happy users, you can enjoy your share of the credit.  All the basics (salary, equity, career advancement, food, miscellaneous perks like shuttles from SF) are world-class as well.
(From the point of view of a new engineer.) The culture is motivational. You have a lot of freedoms that come with being your own boss but none of the crap that comes with it. Your manager gets that crap out of the way for you. People genuinely try to do the right thing and make connecting with friends, family, and your interests a better experience. You get to play the explorer. We solve problems that haven't been solved before. Hackathons are a thing. And they're cool. Free food is pretty cool.
Facebook is a true mission-driven company. Many companies pay lip service to their mission, but Facebook lives it and breathes it everyday. Zuck is totally committed to the mission of the company, leads by example, and is one of the most visionary people in our industry. The culture at Facebook is very strong, and the people here are incredibly smart and driven. We're working on huge, important problems in the world, and it's fun to come to work everyday.
Freedom within your work environment
Facebook is full of extremely capable and smart people. The lines are very short, and it's easy to get a hold of the right person to talk to on any topic. There's no red tape, so it's really up to you to have a big impact on the product and the world. People who make a big impact are recognized and rewarded, regardless of their job title or level of experience. The company's leadership truly believes in Facebook's mission to make the world more open and connected. Teams are small and have a lot of autonomy, and it's amazing to see how much of a difference a single person can make at this place.
Facebook decided somewhere along the line that speed and engineer efficiency mattered more than predictability and avoiding mistakes. The result is a rather refreshing environment where engineers are expected to take risks and use our discretion to jump on what we see as most important.  My co-workers are amazing - facebook's been able to hire some of the best talent in the valley and it shows. The perks are top tier.  It's just gratifying to work for a company with a sense of mission about creating good in the world, and that's at Facebook's heart. It's certainly helpful to love using the product yourself - but as long as you derive satisfaction from the billion people who do, you'll be happy working here.
Fun coworkers, interesting problems, make a huge impact on the world.  Scale, great benefits, opportunity to change the world and really have fun doing it.  Seriously do you want to work at a company where you don't know what you'll work on? That's insane! Facebook lets you choose what you work on after you get out of bootcamp.  People are really smart, fun, energetic here.
-- We work on some of the hardest problems in the field, and we have some of the smartest people working on them. -- The culture is very inviting and open. People are incredibly communicative, and it's a fun place to work. -- 1 BILLION+ people see and use what you work on all the time. -- Perks.
* Awesome environment * Awesome co-workers * Awesome food * Awesome perks * Awesome projects
- Very smart and passionate colleagues. - Solving big challenging technical problems. - Opportunity to make an instantaneous impact on billion people.
I've found Facebook to be a place time and time again which hires smart people and empowers them to go do bold things without having to involve a lot of people to make decisions.
- opportunities to switch teams - working with really smart people - many social events, parties
Everyone is really, really, smart, and the number of people doing awesome things every day is incredibly inspiring and humbling. There is an unmatched potential for learning here compared to anywhere else.
Perks are so great (3 meals a day 5 days a week, microkitchens, ping-pong, no set hours, they do your laundry for you, etc). You're given a good deal of freedom in what you choose to work on. You have huge impact (you push code to a billion+ people weekly or even daily).
Facebook is absolutely full with smart people, this means you work with the best and grow quickly. The scope of the challenges are quite large, and our management (especially in engineering) is top-notch. The company is very employee-friendly, has an awesome culture, and works hard on transparency.
If, like me, you are into building system at a huge scale, this is a dream come true  Super smart and nice colleagues makes it a great environment  All the awesome perks top it off
Everyone is amazingly positive. Super smart people whose highest value is the right idea even if not their own. Culture of doing the right thing for the users. Supportive environment where everyone treats everyone as A-caliber talent.
Great pay, amazing perks and benefits, super flexible scheduling. You're very well taken care of at the office, food, drinks and snacks are free everywhere. You pretty much tell them whatever equipment you want to work with, and they get it set up for you.
Fast paced, lots of very committed and competent people around me. Company is dedicated to innovation and wants to do good in the world.
Facebook is a place full of bold thinkers who want to use technology to make the world better. The environment is relaxed and fun, but everyone brings an intensity and passion to what they do that makes it an amazing place to work.
- Almost unbelievable autonomy and trust given to engineers, most projects bottom-up vs. top-down - Big, interesting projects are everywhere, if someone is bored at work, they're not trying very hard - Caliber of peers is extremely high - For the most part, rapid adoption (and often creation, e.g. a VM for PHP) of new technologies
... with brilliant people from all over the world, getting to hack on stuff they are passionate about which end up making this world more open and connected!
The engineers here are all at the top of the field. They could work anywhere. Everyone I've worked with has all the magic engineer powers: really smart, good at getting stuff done, and fun to be around. The company knows it, and so there's not much red tape on the engineering side. It's up to each person not to break the push or launch a feature too fast. It's refreshing.
Fun environment, super smart people, great food, and rewarding work!
The work: Facebook is growing fast which means there's a lot of opportunity for career growth if you're motivated. My co-workers range from good to stupendously great engineers, and I've seen no sign yet of a decrease in quality in the new hires.  The product: It's an incredibly rare opportunity to build products that are used by 1/6th of the world's population. I can visit the most far flung corners of the world, walk into a cafe and see people using the thing I've built to connect to their friends and loved ones.
A great place to work. Well-distributed culture of seeking impact and keeping productive which, along with a considered hiring approach, means that everyone you encounter is bright and eager to help you get things done. Low-touch management style is encouraged, with focus on growth and getting blockers out of the way.
Very exciting place to work. High visibility and impact. The company is very open and transparent about it's workings. I feel like they treat me like an adult, with the expectations that I'll act like one.
+excellent benefits +"fun" environment +fun outings and events
There is little friction between developing product improvements and shipping them. Engineers are generally given lots of authority to figure out the right thing to do and just do it. When people come from other companies they are often shocked by this, but even as the company has grown there are still very few gatekeepers between an engineer and getting their code into production.
* Great benefits (medical, pto, etc) * Flexible hours * Lots of food options, free drinks, etc. All usually very good * Smart people * Open culture * Great coworkers
- Many projects in many very different specialties. - Very good engineering level. - Fast moving, changing, adapting.
Very smart people around Great projects and opportunities Easy changing of the teams A lot of interesting stuff to work on
Great culture, people are thrilled to be there and that's infectious. The various perks don't hurt and you will constantly feel pushed to do your best.
- Pervasive focus on impact. - Plenty of opportunity to make an impact, as we ship to millions of users on a short cycle with very little red tape. Not afraid to make mistakes, though of course we strongly prefer to avoid them. - Strong overall compensation. - Excellent on-site food options. I eat here at every opportunity. - Fun "work hard play hard" internal culture. Coworkers tend to be "from the Internet". Many lolz are had.
It is an amazing place. The new HQ is gorgeous and huge.  You get to make whatever you want and launch it to a billion people.
- The ratio of employees to customers is still large enough that everything you do has impact - Employees are trusted with working on what's important without the need for constant overview - Everyone is smart, but rarely feel the need to prove it. - The amenities allow us to focus on our work, and also make us feel valued. Plus not having to go grocery shopping in eight months has been nice. - The campus really does feel like a home. This is the first job I've had where I really am glad to head into work and actually get disappointed when I see how quickly the day goes by. - The managers are very technical capable, and know when to manage and when to step back.
During the 5+ years I've worked here as an engineer, I've had really incredible and satisfying experiences. I've learned so much more than I did at my past company in a similar amount of time, have almost never been disappointed with the caliber of a co-worker (and I've worked somewhat closely with around 50 other engineers) and have gotten to contribute the product as a clip I wouldn't have believed possible. As an engineer I felt like I had a lot of control and influence over my work and the products I worked on and got to create some of the most impactful and satisfying products and features of my career, past and probably future. If you're really great at what you do or have really great product ideas, very little will interfere with you showing that quickly. New engineers are highly valued in the culture.  Salary/bonus compensation has been really strong in addition to the stock compensation.
Everyone there has an opportunity to make an impact. Company moves very fast and prides itself on running lean. This means autonomy and opportunity for almost every employee.
You're treated like a human being. You're well-fed. The corporate structure is designed so you can float to where you think you can do the best work with minimal hassle. Acquiring needed equipment is low friction. Above all, we believe in what we're doing.
Everyone in this company has incredible energy and passion for what they do. You get to work with some really smart people without any of the politics I've seen with other employers. Everyone is trying their best to be awesome at whatever it is that they do and having fun at the same time.
- good learning experience - fun culture
Co-workers are not only super-smart, but they're also super-fun and relatively normal people. The job comes with a built in social life, if you want it. That makes it extremely easy for those who move to the Bay Area without knowing many people.
This is the best place in the world to be. Environment is all about engineers. Benefits, management, direction, culture - all very very positive items about the company. Keep up the great work Mark!!!!!!!
Unlimited opportunity: you define your path.Surrounded by the best and the brightest. Moving fast. Amazing perks.
1) You own your own career: choose a team and a project, switch teams when you're saturated, learn any skill you need. 2) Very little process and bureaucracy for a company of this size. 3) Hackathons.
- Free food - Free snacks - Free laundry - Free transportation - Smart, driven people - Chance to change the world
Great culture where you are limited only by your ability and initiative. Engineers get to move around the company with low friction.
the best place on earth to work. with the challenges u'll definitely enjoy.
I'm coming up to the end of my first quarter and continue to be blown away by how fast we can move, even compared to tiny startups. The engineering culture is aligned to enabling you to try things out, get things done and get them shipped out at an amazing rate. The perks are amazing and the management structure feels flat and low friction. Lots of smart folks and plenty of opportunities to get stuck into different areas if you feel like a change.  Work/life balance is good, lots of encouragement to take a break when you need it with a pretty high frequency of offsite events, and flexible working hours.  The onboarding process is very well put together: culture infusion from the moment you walk in the door, and you're mentored through a six week bootcamp and can be pushing code out to the website in your first week.
* Intellectually challenging, stimulating work * I own my work stream and for the most part decide what is most important * Managers have a "hands-off" philosophy as long as you perform well, which is absolutely awesome * Tons of opportunities to develop technical, communication and other skills * Perks, perks, perks!
It's an extremely fast paced environment.
Really smart and great people to work with! Management is not snooty and willing to listen to inputs. Managers have the attitude of pulling their sleeves up to reach common goal...very collaborative!
Work with smart, energetic people, Be empowered to pursue your ideas, Create great software with very little red tape, Supportive, collaborative environment with no politics,
- compared with its competitors (many of which have 30,000+ employees), Facebook gives people a chance to make a massive impact. I've been at the company for 4+ years and we consistently grow our number of employees far slower that the growth of our users, developers and advertisers. This gives each employee a chance to do something huge for our nearly 1billion users. - if you are a "doer" and take accountability for things, there really is no limit to what you can accomplish
As a software engineer, a lot of work is self driven and based on self-motivation. You are not told exactly what to do week over week. It is your job to figure out what is best to work on, what has the most impact for the company, and how to improve things. Most engineering is driven by the engineers themselves and not some sort of management. To me, this is perfect. However, if you don't like thinking about what you are doing and being critical about what is good for the company and your team, this might not be the place for you.
- High impact on a product that is used by 900M+ people every month. - Awesome environment with highly skilled coworkers. - Great culture, focus on getting stuff done. - Awesome food. - Great benefits and perks. - Engineering bootcamp, which is the best way to introduce the new hires to the culture and to teach how stuff works at Facebook.
smart people, challenging projects, refreshing to be with co-workers that love coming to work each day
- Everyday is different - Good progression in the company - Nice people - Overall faith in the company
Still feels like a startup, you have all kinds of tech chalenges (which is really great for engineers) and the company has a very good atmosphere. The perks are very good and I feel great to wake up every day knowing that the work I do will have a huge impact to a lot of people.
Freedom, start up culture, opportunities to take risk
They grill you hard in the interview but once you're in, you get a lot of autonomy and freedom to make decisions about how you think things should be done. Zero bureaucracy/red tape, very few meetings, and people are encouraged to build what they think will work. Two of the common sayings there are "code wins arguments" and "what does the data say?" meaning that if people disagree about something, the debate gets resolved by looking at numerical data and/or by building something and seeing whether or not it works. This is a very fast, turn-on-a-dime, high productivity, zero BS environment. It's also a lot of fun to work there. People work hard and play hard.
Incredibly smart coworkers Very interesting problems of scale to work on Very flat corporate structure - anyone can have an impact Extremely open culture Amazing free food and great campus
Great benefits and perks. Great culture. Interesting projects. Big on employee growth and development. Very collaborative work environment. Great parties to help employees take some time away from the office.
+ A single individual can make a huge impact within the company and on the world + Ideas are listened to and hacking is encouraged + No red tape & really fast paced + Great compensation & perks
Sure, there are perks like the food (it's really that good), the gym, etc. But the best reasons to work here are the people, the scale (both technical and impact), and the way management prioritizes well beyond short-term returns.
- really sharp, passionate co-workers - blazingly fast ship cycle (new code hits the site *every day*) - your work helps hundreds of millions of people connect with friends and family - tremendous discretion over what team to join and what projects to work on - open, warm, friendly, funny company culture - awesome perks (never-ending supply of free food, 21 days PTO, 4 months parental leave)
The perks were a huge pro, especially the health benefits. The food was amazing and any corner you turned, there was something that helped you feel comfortable there. The company clearly tries to take care of its employees when it comes to making them feel right at home.
Great place to work, great salary, great food, laid back atmosphere.
Really smart people and company moves incredibly fast. You can have a huge impact in a short amount of time. There is a ton of ownership and it is a pretty flat organization. The benefits at the HQ are great- free food, gym on site, shuttles to work and flexible hours. Mark has a very clear vision for the company and everyone who works here really believes in the mission. It is nice to work at a founder led company with such a strong sense of mission to make the world more open and connected.
Doing things that have never been done before
Benefits, Opportunities to move up.
Smart people, huge impact, big data, amazing campus, fantastic perks, face paced, awesome challenges, great food, inspiring workplace, flexible hours, good management, cutting-edge technology.
Employee benefits basically increase salary, environment is free and open
Autonomy to work on challenging problems at scale
Facebook has the most open culture of any company I've worked at. Smart people (I know people say that about other large companies, but the caliber of Facebook is MUCH higher). Great food ,) Best place to work bar none.
* High impact job, each change touches millions of people * High ownership, there's too much to do * Smart people to work with * Great food and perks * Low management overhead * Lots of interesting problems to work on
The people are amazing. Everyone is so smart and passionate about what they do that you never have negative conversations about someone wanting to get their way just because they want their way.  The culture of getting stuff done as fast as possible and trusting to individual ownership to make it work is also huge.
- Extremely competent people all around - Lot of energy and motivation - Strong sense of engineering and hacking culture - Clear and transparent messaging from upper management
great perks and friendly people
It was hard to leave my previous job, but Facebook was too good to pass up. The most brilliant people I've ever met are pretty much all here. We're altering the way people communicate and interact, and the side benefits are too numerous to mention.
Best people, Best idea, Best product.
Amazing perks (food, travel, cloths, vacation, stock..). Smart people working on inspiring and challenging problems. Salary and equity.
The people are amazing! The amenities are amazing! The food is even more amazing! Transparency in the company is the best I've seen!
Facebook is the most unique company I have worked for or experienced (and due to the nature of my role, I have been exposed to a lot of different companies in my last two jobs). The company's open culture is mirrored in its facilities (everyone gets a desk, no offices, no cubes), and reinforced all the way up to Mark. It is staffed by some of the smartest people in the world who are industry leaders in whatever it is they do whether it is software engineering, design, public policy, even more traditional functions like HR and Finance! Facebook redefines what it means to be a corporation with its unique move fast and break things culture, its culture of discipline, and its innovative and iterative approach. What I have learned in my two years at Facebook has been far more impactful to my career than all of what I learned in my first 15 years and as such, I still tell everyone that it is an honor for me to have the opportunity just to walk in the door.
The whole company cares and believes in our culture and values. Everyone is smart and passionate. An open community from Zuck on down. Mutual trust companywide and sense of community and drive, instilled by our CEO who we all truly respect.
-fast moving culture -not much bureaucracy -great benefits and perks -working on an exciting, consumer facing, product -lots of impact
Never in my life will I be able to work for a company that has the global impact that Facebook has. Everyday I'm building things that is and will bring the world together. Facebook pushes me to keep expanding the boundaries of what can be done and makes me incredibly proud of the things I've accomplished.
Access to people who are smart in ways that you can't even comprehend. Incredibly challenging work, and opportunities to finally do things you've wanted to do elsewhere but couldn't because of the size or political currents of other companies. You really care passionately about making the world more open and connected and want to be surrounded by people who are dedicated fully to making that happen. You want to work with people who not only help you experience all of the above but who are also the most respectful and inclusive people you've ever met. When we say we want you to be yourself completely at work - we really mean it.
- awesome food - really smart engineers - laundry service - reasonable promotion ladder - really flexible time at work - bootcamp! (after 6 weeks of working with different people you can choose your own manager)
Completely different culture than anywhere else in the world. They encourage people to try new things and go for it!
-Working in a company where mission and vision are first, where the mission and vision matter in this world. -Flat org structure -Consistently testing your comfort zone, receiving the opportunity to try new things and implement new ideas.
Great place to work for.
smartest people I've ever worked with
The company truly believes in self-motivation, empowerment, promote initiative and creativity. Red tape is reduced to a minimum, perks are great, quality of coworkers and management.
Very open and colaborative. Lots of opportunity to try new things and make impact. Even very senior people seem to be more than happy to help nearly anyone understand a situation and give their opinions. I am surprised everyday by the feedback that flows here.
Facebook has a completely transparent and intellectually honest culture, which is incredibly important. The company also cares about making the world a better place, and takes to heart our version of Disney's famous "We don't make movies to make movies, we make movies to make money." We really believe that.  The work environment is incredibly fast paced, there is an absolute minimum of red tape and politics, and everyone is empowered to have immediate and massive impact. Feedback is offered quickly, honestly and constructively.
You have the freedom to work on awesome projects. My co-workers are some of the smartest people out there. The team I'm working on is a group of all-stars, making each other always look good.
Surrounded by smart people with incredible experience. My peers are founders and inventors and role models. Given every opportunity to succeed including resources and people. Management that focuses on employee happiness and personal development.
-exciting problems, especially for an ops job -streamline the boring stuff -management is communicative and responsive, expectations are aggressive but not insane -if you enjoy this field, it's a fun and satisfying experience
You work along some of the brightest talent in the Silicon Valley. There are hardly any politics around you and get to make an impact in your first few days. Great perks + benefits.
Fast paced, smart people, innovative, great perks and benefits! The challenges presented ahead are still very compelling things to work on.
Facebook gives their employees the freedom to work on projects that make an impact. When you're able to work on things that affect millions and millions of people, it doesn't feel like a job, more like a purpose.
Amazing people - hard to overstate this.  You get to choose what you want to work on (Bing "Facebook bootcamp") for more info.  Everyone is really passionate about the product. People care about the folks that use Facebook, and really want to make it a better experience. There are so many cool things we want to do, it'd be hard to get bored.  Things move really fast - there usually has to be a good reason not to do some new cool thing, instead of a reason to do it.
The openness, inclusion and excitement that we all feel every day. This is truly a company where the people are without a doubt organized more around the mission than their own personal interests or potential gain. We are here because we want to change the way the world works, and the fact that we get paid to do it is amazing.
Huge corporate upside potential (but might not apply to new hires as of 2012).  Fun work environment (free quality food, game rooms, frivolity encouraged, etc.).  High impact in terms of people using your code and recognition.  Good opportunities to try new ideas and move teams.
Smartest and most passionate people I have ever worked with Company means so much to so many - humbled to be an employee here
- Super smart people to work with - again, super smart people - people are young and dynamic, always willing to help. No question is too dumb to ask, people aways help you. - everybody working toward the same goal: making the company move forward. - lots of resource, easy to get machines allocated - freedom to work on projects that you like - food is awesome
- Working for a product that's changing the world - Working alongside brilliant people - Casual dress! - Amazing benefits (food, PTO, laundry) - Lots of nice people - Celebrity encounters almost weekly (Oprah, Katy Perry, Tyra Banks, Obama) - Everything you do has a direct impact on the company's success - FB really tries to be a fun place to work - Despite the cons below, this is the best, most rewarding and memorable job I've ever had. I would do it all over again.
My coworkers are the smartest people I have ever worked with. They love their jobs and they work hard. But they keep a balance in their lives.  Also, the management team is a group of good human beings. They really want to harness the power of what they've created to accomplish something they believe in. They know that if people across the globe can connect - good things will happen. And they have.
The direction of the company is innovative. The people are smart. The projects are challenging. The benefits and compensation are great.
Great product and challenging programming work.
What I love most about working at Facebook:  - The people. I get to work with some of the most talented and passionate people in the world. - The culture. I love the fact that we get to take big risks and 'move fast and break things'. It's very empowering. - Impact. All my friends and family use Facebook (+800M people around the world), so it's great to know that people I care about love to use the product that I'm a part of. - The culinary team. best. food. ever.
It provides you with the best possible space and to divulge into your specialties. The only thing you are required to do is to do what you have been asked to do in a completely pressure free atmosphere. Its more like work at home!!!
I've worked at 5 different companies before here, from investment banking, CPGs, to 3 other tech companies and nothing beats this. People are amazing not to mention wicked smart. You'll be surrounded by the most talented people in the world all with a mission to change the world.
The environment is very very good. This is an awesome community which can inspire your creativity. It is good for your career.
good perks, great environment. high respect for engineers and high salaries. you can develop your ideas and own your project
The ability to take an idea and turn it into a reality without the need for level after level of approval. Only really massive changes require any significant oversight at all.  People are expected and trusted to do good things for the company.  Projects are launched quickly, and road map cycles are very fluid. there is extreme urgency without the need for hard deadlines
Attractive salary, friendly employees and perfect working conditions !!!
Facebook during work hours. so fun
- Free food - Reasonably good compensation - Reasonably flexible hours - Lots of smart, capable people - Work can be exciting
great product, great benefits, great colleagues
In general, there is a high level of autonomy given to employees. We're treated like adults and given lots of responsibility. The perks are unreal compared to other places I've worked. The atmosphere is fun yet serious. We're very lucky to work here overall.
-Opportunity to write software that gets used by hundreds of millions of people -Opportunity to see how a successful company is run -Opportunity to launch often -Potential IPO
Good pay, if you negotiate aggressively Good food Good benefits Location is good, California is a nice place to live although expensive Lots of exposure
You got to write lots of code
Every employee has the ability to change the world everyday. It's an exciting place to work, with the smartest professionals in the industry, and awesome perks. Management is very hands off. If you are proactive you can work on any project that adds value to the company. The culture is awesome, my job is fun, and I am friends with the people I work with...I think that says a lot!
Great people. Awesome benefits. Leading edge technology.
Smart people and fast paced
it is rthe best place to work on this earth probably thwe best employer for te century. that is the best complement i can give to a company in palo alto,claifornia,USA,North America,Earth,Solar System,Milky Way Galaxy.
Facebook is an incredible place to work. Perks aside it is so rewarding working with people who are smart and excited to be there.
Very open culture. Great internal communication. Management does a good job of trusting and delegating work. The best people I have worked with. Fast pace of work. The high execution focus and speed of change is amazingly - I have worked on a large number of projects that have been quickly completed and and successfully implemented.
Best place to work as a software engineer, at least at the moment
Free food, dry cleaning, snacks  Extremely bright people in engineering/product teams  Startup / Entrepreneurial feel leads to opportunities to make a bigger impact
Facebook is amazing. Working here offers the best environment I have ever seen in a workplace. The job is all about cooperation, not competition. The Facebook culture, office design, and management styles all support this.
Push code daily, work with extremely talented engineers, free food, great compensation, and seeing everyone I know use the product
-Everyone is here because we believe in making the world more open and connected. We believe we're making a difference. -HUGE opportunity- you see something broken, missing, or know how to do something better, go for it. -Freedom to think outside the box. In fact, there is no box. -Incredibly smart and supportive people. -Open and transparent environment. -We have fun.
I really like the pace that we're working at -- there's so much going on, and there's a lot of inherent trust in people to run with what they're doing. Policies and red tape in previous companies sometimes left me feeling a bit stifled about what I was able to work on & share, but there really is a sense of openness at Facebook, not only in communication, but in the ability to jump into projects that call out to you as well.  And beyond that, the people really are incredible: smart, fun, unique, and passionate about what they're doing. It's hard not to get excited by the people alone!
- Great, innovative company which is in the business of building great communities. - Fast and dynamic culture with a passion to "move fast and break things" - Amazing growth potential in career - Smaller teams, yet ability to make bigger impact - Transparency and open communication - Risk takers
Rare to have the chance to work for a company that captures the imagination of the world such as Facebook.
Cutting edge, openness, ability to make an impact, VERY COOL
The energy and direction of the company! There's plenty of opportunity to take on new responsibilities and build the future of Facebook.
I love the culture, freedom, people, environment, benefits, and flexibility.
Facebook is a fantastic place to work. Yes, you get to work on big things, there are cool new opportunities all over the place, and there's lots of cache...but what really matters is that this is a place full of smart, engaged, and driven people. You don't have conversations at Facebook where you walk away saying "he just didn't get it." This makes every day so much better it's hard to even begin to explain.
Young culture Fast paced Exciting after hours
-management is approachable and open with information -perks are outstanding (health, pto, food, company events, laundry services, etc) -employees are among the brightest in the industry -exciting work environment
Never go hungry Always have clean clothes Manager listens to issues and aids in solution/resolution Management focused on employee satisfaction Coworkers wickedly intelligent Flexibility in work hours Autonomy Move fast, be bold Ability to be innovative
A bureaucracy-free environment that allows you to simply get work done Strong management with strong technical background all the way to the top Very metric-driven engineering team The ability to prioritize tasks based on what you think is important A remarkably well defined review process that encourages personal development in different areas Company policy to leave unnecessary meetings early or skip them entirely
- It's Facebook - Some of the smartest people you'll ever meet work there. - Great projects, fast pace, high impact. - Personal empowerment. - Free food!
-meritocracy -freedom for engineers -interesting problems, cool company, lots of unique opportunities -benefits are great, I love free food
I'm very happy working at facebook. * Other employees are very friendly and supportive * Facebook is more meritocratic than other tech companies I've worked for * The other people working here are very smart * Facebook gives engineers more responsibility than other places I've been
- fast paced work environment, where I can move as quickly as needed to get the job done - FB provides me the opportunity to have a huge impact - we work hard at FB, but we are recognized for our efforts and success (and we have fun while working) - friendly environment, good food, great tools, and the brightest people on earth!
If you are in Engineering department, you are at one of the best place to work for.
- Wonderful food - A company culture encouraging absolute openness - No red tape, in terms of work, resources, people - Opportunities to get together with other employees to hack on what interests you - Freedom to work from home and to come into work whenever
Open environment, flat organization, people are nice and very smart
The work environment is certainly fast-paced and often chaotic, but everyone manages to keep a level head and make logical, yet innovative decisions, even when under pressure. Most people are pretty young as is reflected in the culture of t-shirts, jeans, video games, and ripsticks. The food is awesome and definitely makes it easier to work longer hours and actually enjoy them. Working cross-functionally is not only accepted, but expected. You won't be confined to your own team, which is nice. Overall, it's definitely the best job I've had so far.
food, dry cleaning and free concerts
Amazing environment with a strong focus on getting things done vs politics or "Process". When bad things happen, the focus is always on finding a fix rather than finding the blame. Organized chaos. Working with some of the smartest and most knowledgeable people I've ever met. They don't just throw money away, but they're willing to spend to solve problems or improve things when it's needed. The benefits like free food are excellent, and in general they treat their employees like human adults instead of children or replaceable cogs or numbers.
Great place to work with some of the young and brightest people in the world. A great addition to your resume and you get to work on products that everyone that you know will use.
The people here are both brilliant and humble, making for an incredibly collaborative envirnment for building awesome new stuff. Management process is also great - very hands off, lots of freedom to the engineers to work on what they are interested in, make important decisions. Lots of trust and responsibility in engineers.
Empowerment. Real and immediate impact, high level of responsibility. Assumption of good intentions. Fun. People genuinely like each other.
perfect company for career, a fun environment, fun people, lots of genius level people, company grows rapidly and continuously, a very good place to work, pre-IPO company
Really smart people that care about building a great product. It's clear that people are really excited about what they are doing.
Facebook is exploring some new ground with social networking and its cool to be associated to the innovation
Facebook has incredible camaraderie as well as benefits. Everyone is friends here, we work hard, but also have a great time and love coming to work every day. We get free gourmet breakfast, lunch and dinner daily from an amazing culinary team. We play basketball every week, have free beer on Friday and get to ripstick around the office. We even have games rooms and a ping pong table! The people who work here are incredibly high caliber individuals. The recruiting process is tough!
Everyone seems to genuinely be invested in making the product better. People are smart, like what they do and strive to do it better than anyone else anywhere. There are so many perks and benefits, it's ridiculous. Everyone is really taken care of (and spoiled).
Open atmosphere. Intelligent people. Good food. High level of respect for employees. Always get the equipment we need. No complaints.
- coworkers are smart, dependable, and genuinely enjoy what they do - management cares about empowering employees and helping them develop - benefits and perks make life fun - chance to have a huge impact and not be just another cog in the machine - other people understand and appreciate what you're working on
3 meals + snack a day. Micro kitchens with fresh fruit, boxed lunches, and every beverage imaginable. All free. Flexible work hours, work from home, 21 days of PTO.
* Incredibly smart and intensely motivated peers. * Immense opportunity. There a ton of growth and a lot of things that can be done. People with initiative do really well here. * The world sees the impact of what you're working on. All my friends and family use the product and it's rewarding to work on something that keeps us all connected. * Amazing food. We get breakfast, lunch, snack, and dinner served up by the best chefs around. Menus change daily and my favorite to date has been the Willy Wonka themed lunch menu. Sushi day is legit too. * Flexible work schedules. 9 to 5 is dead, work the times that best work for you and your job. * Fun (Game Day, random toga party, RipStiks, cool people, etc.)
Everyone talks about the free food, fun environment, etc but I definitely think the most valued benefit to working at facebook is the ability to basically set your own hours, freedom to work from home when you want and as much as you want/can, and all this with little to no interference from management. It's just great to know that if you're not feeling well but not necessarily "too sick to work" you can stay home and work (they provide laptops)....oh and...sick days are not counted against your vacation if you really needed to take a real sick day anyhow.
It's a great place where the company is small enough for you to make a difference, but the product is used by millions. It's great to work on something you love using every day. The hours are flexible, and the package is great- free gourmet food is served 3 meals a day. You really learn a lot, since you get thrown into the mix quite quickly. Also, the people at the company happen to be extraordinarily smart and pretty passionate.
the free food, really bright employees
It is one of the fast growing company and things can move very fast. You could be doing different things if you happen to be at the right place at the right time.
State of art technology at the company.
Smart people you can admire and respect, strong business model, challenging scale issues that provide ample opportunities for creative problem solving, fast-paced environment. This likely results from the stringent hiring processes (100 phone screens to 1 offer)
Fast growing, adaptive and supportive environment. Lots of incredibly smart, motivated and fun people. The company cares about its employees and that is overwhelmingly evident by how they treat them, the awesome things they do for them and how everyone interacts.
Cool environment, cool people. Stock options.
Company fosters in an autonomous environment
Diverse culture, wonderful place to learn about new technologies and methods, extremely open feedback culture - more like a flat organisation
- Amazing pay, perks and benefits, offices - People and culture. Informal, collaborative, very supportive and flexible work environment. - Transparency culture, e.g. weekly Q&As with CEO/COO - Working on extremely impactful products
Hugely strong culture, very supportive of staff, amazing perks, fast paced work, incredibly good work life balance
This is the kind of company that you never want to leave because of these brilliant people. You learn everyday new things, how to move forward, faster. And most important how to be better at our work!!
Facebook is a great employer. I appreciate it especially when I compare myself to my peers in other companies. We get paid very competitively and the perks are amazing. The job itself is rather interesting as well. I love the very caring and chilled atmosphere in the office - coming from consulting, no overtime and no extreme pressure is really a big difference. Most of the people in the office are quite smart and really fun to work with. I also love how international the Dublin office is, before joining I didn't see it as something very important but now I understand why everyone from FB keeps mentioning that.
The real DisneyLand for software engineers
Amazing benefits, pay, environment, tools, stock and 0,1% of the people working there are actually cool. But don’t get it twisted! All the free food, snacks, drinks etc. are made to keep you at work longer :)
Company has great potential and great values. Very diverse. Perks are great if you are not a contractor.
- Flexible hours - Great benefits - Cutting edge work - You get to pick your project
Great Food Free Cab Service Timely Salary
Excellent Culture, exceptional colleagues and fun place to work.
- focus on impact, not just tasks you do - transparency, engaging and global - freedom and autonomy - amazing and supportive leadership team - most of the tenured managers are gold and are good mentors - teams generally are very helpful to work and solve each other's problem
Outstanding people Brilliant product Decent company Great for empowering you to have integrated work/life
Instead of completing a formal review, I’ll share a post I made to celebrate my 1 year anniversary since joining Facebook. —-  Today marks my first year at Facebook. We call it a Faceversary. And, while celebrating your work anniversary might seem a bit frivolous (or at least I thought so early on), I quickly learned to appreciate the FB tradition that’s built around these Faceversaries. It’s valuable to reflect on all that happens in a year at work, considering how much energy, time, and effort we put into it.  When you make it to your 10-year milestone (my count down starts now), you get the opportunity to join Mark Zuckerberg, Sheryl Sandberg, and others on the management team to tell a 10-year Faceversary story to the entire company. Those are always funny or emotional, or both.  So, what can I share after my first year here?  TL,DR: Work with and learn from the very best people. Drinking from the firehose and learning a ton. Autonomy, authority and support. World-class benefits. Open culture to the bones. An inside look at how serious everyone is about minimizing the bad and building more of the good. Five core values in action. Pretty darn happy.  I get the pleasure to work with incredible, impressive, and talented people daily. Both within the walls of Facebook, but also with clients and partners who are working on some unbelievable things. My pod and my core team are just legendary. This isn’t lip service. I really get to work with and learn from the very best.  I’ve learnt SO MUCH. About digital advertising and marketing. About financial services. About media. About other industry verticals I previously knew nothing about. About navigating complex circumstances. About working for a company that’s constantly in the spotlight. About digging deeper to really understand. About cross-functional collaboration. About partnerships. About technology. And much more. Internally, they say every day at Facebook is equivalent to a week. I now know why.  I have the autonomy, authority, and support I need to be successful and run my marketing consulting business the way I see fit. Further, I get to shape and influence how businesses engage, nurture, and build new relationships with people.  I have access to incredible benefits that I’m astonished by daily and so grateful for. In fact, I’m writing this post while on paid paternity leave to spend time with my family and our new addition, Logan.  Facebook fosters an open culture that is like nothing I’ve ever seen before. Mark hosts a weekly company-wide Q&A where he addresses thoughtful and difficult questions about a wide-range of issues and opportunities. Everyone, from Interns to tenured employees, are welcome to ask anything and they don’t face judgement or criticism for raising difficult topics. On our internal Workplace (Facebook for Work), I can join and learn about a whole host of interesting projects, regardless of whether I’m involved in them.  I’ve learnt a lot about both the harmful ways and the incredibly positive ways Facebook can be used. I get a firsthand look at how serious everyone is about minimizing the bad and building more of the good.  There are 5 core values that guide how we work at Facebook. And I see them in practice regularly. Build social value. Move fast. Be bold. Be open. Focus on impact.  I’ve always been fortunate in my career. I’ve worked on amazing teams, on fascinating projects, with inspiring mentors and leaders. Facebook has been a continuation of that for me. But, I must say, I’ve never been this happy.  So, here’s to one amazing year and the many more to follow!
Facebook has a lot of money to throw around, so you get great benefits and perks. Office spaces are nice, the benefits are really good, plus they continuously update their 'Life@' perks which can be handy and convenient.
Great culture and workforce excited to work heee
i love this company. so much
Perks, Office Space, People, Diversity
Flexibility, good place to learn
Great perks, awesome people to work with.  You get an iphone/samsung of your choice, no limit on data/roaming, if anything is wrong with it you get a new one no questions asked. Same for your laptop.  International travel is unlimited and at your own discretion, as long as there's a valid business porpuse obviously. You fly Business when it's a long enough flight, so some people take connection flight to qualify.  Free food and snacks, lots of options, virtually unlimited budgets for team get-togethers, etc.  Pay and comp are on the highest standards in the industry.
High quality people. One of the best places to have a child.
Free food Salary Bands onsite Pay transport to work
I like motivating and inspirating people
Learning and Getting Challenged Good Pay and Benefits
It has great communication advantage through system.
Cool office, Great Benefits, and is very casual environment! PS: The cafe is awesome!!
It's a great company with great culture. You own your career here and if you develop good cross-functional work, you will be very successful here.
- As multicultural and as an open environment as you can get in a company - Compensation and benefits are as good as they can get - Best manager I ever worked for - Best people I ever met in an office
Facebook is the very good
Exciting and on top of the new wave
There is a life & employment balance..
Money, perks, food, career, location
I need recognition if I am capable of developing a task and running well the work that has been my responsibility
An amazing environment where people choose what to work on. There is hardly any beauracracy, and you can be entirely focused on your impact. Everyone is friendly and happy to help, and people can just be themselves.
- Smart people - Perks - Challenging problems
Popularity contributes to progress you know
-Collaborative environment - there is always someone willing to help with any initiative -Perfect balance between small and big company characteristics - Although we have a lot of guidance and structured process, there is also space to do new things and innovate. -Amazing working space - Facebook's facilities are created to make you feel like home and this makes me work in a very happy mood, I feel comfortable. - You can truly be yourself - it feels so good to go to the office every day dressed as you wan and really express your opinion
Tons of autonomy, lots of career progression opportunity, freedom to think, great management team
Fast pace, high growth rate, good perks and salary
- Great work culture - Smart people - Supportive managers -Good employee satisfaction
Great working environment where my manager is able to trust me to do my job to the best of my ability. I have been given room to explore other parts of my role and even more on my own initiatives. Lots of opportunity to move into other roles also once I attain further experience (I've just graduated university).
Awesome team, an incredible culture, great benefits. There's always time to learn and you're actually encouraged do to it.
Being a Facebooker is a matter of pride for me. To be more specific, my 9 years of work experience in other companies prior to Facebook never had a profound impact on my personal life. But the moment I joined Facebook, I could feel that while I identify with the values of “Be Bold, Focus on Impact, Move Fast, Be Open & Build Social Value” officially, these values have also cascaded into my personal life. I am very proud to reflect my company values in my personal life too!
This company is reputed company or the management of this company is best for work
Mission oriented, idealistic, fast moving, long term oriented.
All of my friends see post
Amazing tools and code that make implementing new services and features extremely quick with high quality.
Being a Facebooker is a matter of pride for me. To be more specific, my 9 years of work experience in other companies prior to Facebook never had a profound impact on my personal life. But the moment I joined Facebook, I could feel that while I identify with the values of “Be Bold, Focus on Impact, Move Fast, Be Open & Build Social Value” officially, these values have also cascaded into my personal life. I am …
I like it and I think it is useful for me, i am so happy that I can be in facebook and get your advice for going through in right point.
Great energetic, talented and fun collegues Great perks (breakfast, lunch, dinner), gyms Interesting things going on Smart leadership and open internal communication
Good opportunities to work and grow
The People, the tech, the culture, the perks, the food.
At Facebook you're given the opportunity to affect billions of people's lives every day. As long as you can make a case for why this will improve people's experience or metrics, you can do whatever you want.
- Fantastic management team, really amazing that even with over 20K employees everyone knows the mission of the company and aligns - Well compensated compared to industry average and comes with a host of benefits including travel, free food, gym etc - People are so smart - always a learning opportunity to be had - Fantastic company culture - love how the company sticks to its core, e.g. weekly Q&As with Zuck, openness and transparency in the company strategy
Having a laugh, when your day really really bad, great CNN / technology on apps needs a little service in some areas, mostly sorting likes n don't likes.
good envoriment good benefit nice people nice location good package
Culture / Flexibility / Work
- Fast-paced: Priority can change within weeks. Done is better than perfect. - Inclusive: You're always encouraged to be your authentic self. Not big in hierarchy. - Sense of belonging: The people working here are usually passionate about what they are doing. People will bring their best not to get promotions but because they actually believe in the mission.
Great leadership, clear vision, amazing culture and awesome perks
great work space, "It's all about the quality of the work, the power of your conviction, and the ability to influence people."
Open culture, tons of benefits
Open culture Free breakfast, lunch and dinner Ability to work from home Ability to work on projects of interest outside your core role Travel
It is a very flexible company with new and creative ideas.
- Working at a scale I didn't even dream of - Lots of freedom - Opportunity to grow quickly - Flexibility to move teams within the company - Open culture
The best Workplace ever! Mission-driven environment, smart and incredible people. Personal independence and shared goals. You can always find opportunities to grow and to challenge yourself.
Great physical working environment Energy Strong aspects of the culture Openness of Mark Zuckerburg
if you look back in history you will not find a moment of such changes as the one we are living right now. The digital phenomenon is still expanding rapidly, creating a world more open and connected. Right now, Facebook is the main company driving that mission, giving power to the people to create a more open and connected world. Being able to add value in a company that is consciously pushing that goal is really satisfying. you end each day knowing that you are doing your best for a good cause and that the journey is just getting started.
- Great company values. They have put a lot of thought behind them and it's very inspiring to see what the company stands for on paper. - They are quite transparent when it comes to product strategy, roadmaps, etc. It's great how much they make you feel part of the success of the company. - Excellent benefits and perks. - Sheryl Sandberg. A thousand times.
Incredibly great colleagues and opportunities driven by a clear mission and sustainable company values.
Awesome people, open culture, high level of trust, very little BS or bureaucracy
Creative and connective ,more interaction , more understanding with network
Facebook it's a great place to be if you are aiming to grow your professional career while meeting excellent people and professionals who are driven by passion and impact.  Besides of an incredible amount of perks and benefits I found in Facebook a place where continuous learning and working on hard problems is part of your day to day job.  As a Social Network company at its best you'll be able to interact with people from all over the worlds and work in a diverse set of challenges.  Lot's of resources for learning and development while you work in making the world more open and connected
- At the forefront of the industry - Smart and very capable colleagues - Ownership and trust from the leadership - Great perks for those with kids and families
Everything is a dream and fantastic
Great environment, great tools, great benefits
- Working with bleeding edge technologies - Software engineers can also drive product decisions
High salary and lots of learnings
People, positivity, mission and creativity are all massive pros. The company is very open and always asking for feedback. I would highly recommend take the jump and applying.
Truly mission led company which drives everything that we do. Strong and inspirational leaders. Great environment, great colleagues and we are well looked after. Fast paced and constantly changing with an ambition to always do better.
Amazing work environment. Challenging atmosphere, but everybody is willing to help. The authenticity of everyone is one of the best things. The perk of having breakfast, lunch and dinner is ridiculously good!
Amazing colleagues who care about their work and colleagues Challenging problems Very self-led, opportunity to drive what you care about Extremely flexible work environment with working from home options, amazing benefits
This is one of the best company I worked for in my 25year career. Extremely employee focussed, great benefits and caring. Work culture is very competitive, surrounded by very smart people and always one need to up the game to keep up. There are tons of opportunities to learn, grow and prosper. It is always motivating to work in a place where the product helps billions of people around the world.
Pay is superior to competitors
- The people - Culture - The mission - Benefits - The care your team and managers have for you is incredible. - Best Place to work!
The chance to work with a very big budget, huge variety of products from all over the world. And the liberty to create my own dished and recipes.
Mission. Culture. People. Managers. Feedback.
To promote awareness, mobilization and security
Good benefits, flexible work hours, opportunity to help small businesses grow.
The culture here is fantastic, there are so many things that just work well together. For example, most engineers choose which team to join after the first 6 weeks or so, which encourages a lot of really positive behaviours. The company is also really open, allowing everyone to make great decisions: if you need access to some data, you probably have it available.  We have good tools and infrastructure that allows us to focus on the important things, things like booking a meeting room, following up on a task in a common system and many other things are just easy, using great tools that an internal team builds and maintains. I also think that the engineering-led approach to product development and a willingness to try things is really special, and allows us to be more bold than most other companies.  Oh, and the free food! Breakfast, lunch and dinner, with lots of great options, both healthy and not-so-healthy.
its best for making mony
Good benefit package and development opportunities
Company status , career building and more other factors because Facebook is a big company and offer good opportunities
Computational Resources are great! Compensation and Food is great!
Free food & drinks Possibility to bring friends and family to the office for dinner Good salary package Open culture
Great energy! Flexible enough...good balance. I wouldn't say the creativity is that high but at least the productivity is... And that's what matters!
We protect and help people.
Select your own team and your own task, do what you do best.
Great working culture, fast moving, almost immediate impact of work, immense growth, opportunities to move globally
This a one platform for all people where they give their views.I want a social worker for poor people.
Great benefits overall, employees are well considered.
Fast moving, international team, smart people
- Culture is getting strong - Fast-paced working environment which gives you a lot of experience - Very competitive compensation and benefits
Smart people, great benefits for parents
Very satisfactory benefits and compensation.
Facebook focuses people on growth, and focuses managers on coaching people to improve You'll learn how to use engineering to drive real impact for the company, and how to become the best version of yourself
great salary and good perks
- perks that barely 1 or 2 companies can match (free food, child benemfits, yadayadayada) - start at bootcamp and choose yourself a team. ANY team that is recruitung - android, ios, web, backend, machine learning. - convenient location in central london - super smart people around. If you've been best at previous role(s) - you'll learn every day from others. - you do the world a favor. Connect people, bring free internet to people, produce world-class open-source things: ReactJS, Presto, Hive...
Facebook's culture is incredible and helps employees get the best out of their skills to succeed and achieve massive projects. The management is really one of the best components of Europe, with lots of highly experienced leaders to learn from.  The company offers a ton of benefits to make sure you are covered with everything you need to do your job and manage your personal time in the best possible way.  This is the best place where you can thrive!
Great benefits, lots of career opportunity.
> Open Culture: decisions are announced openly, without sugar coating and pretence and it comes from the very top! Mark, Sheryl and all the leaders are very straight forward on their answers during the weekly Q&A - there is nothing they shine away from and, when they don't know much about the topic they either find somebody that does or follow it up.  > Real flat organisation: many other companies misinterprete what employees mean by 'flat organisation' - they are not talking about the number levels between junior and senior people, but on how open senior leadership is. FB doesn't make that mistake, you can talk to anybody here, from managers to directors and VPs and they all listen to you attentively, as a peer, not as a 'superior'. Employees at FB are all valued the same.  > Perks are amazing: it is not about the amount of perks, but how those perks make your life much better. Instead of trowing whatever at employees, FB conducts regular surveys to understand which benefits are valued or not and adjust them accordingly. The benefits provided by FB are geared towards making our lifes easier, so we can focus more on giving people the power to build communities and bring the world closer together.
Smart collective of people. Able to move fast - shift anf lift. Agile community. Strong perks and amazing food. Best intend for clients and users. High integrity. Freedom to do waht you want to do, and thrive on your strengths. Fair compensation.
Great colleagues and ample opportunity to learn and grow
IT'S USED TO GAIN KNOWLEDGE. They have a free 3 meals a day and snacks that is good. 4 month of paternity and maternity leave that you can distribute over the first year after having the child. it's opt-in health insurance, so it's not really a benefit. they just enjoy group discounts on insurance because they have a million....
- Unparalleled technical opportunities - A relatively transparent and consistent rewards/benefits system - Lots of responsibility to even the most junior posts. - Never wastes time on anything unimportant
The people and culture are 1st rate. Having a job with a purpose and making the world a better place.
- The openness across the whole org. is outstanding (at least currently, you can ask anyone anything and receive an answer with the Directors openly announcing sensitive information regularly and the CEO holding weekly Q&As sessions where no question is off limits!). - Fast moving, you are encouraged to make things happen as long as the data backs you up. For me this was an absolute shock (having a 30 min fast paced meeting which resulted in almost immediate high impacting changes) - Passion, you are encouraged to focus on your strengths and work on the issues that you find most rewarding! - The people, I've never worked with so many motivated, passionate and intelligent people - it really brings the best out of you. Further, you are encouraged to be your 'authentic self' which often means direction to have a better work-life balance! - Of course... the perks are AMAZING - great pay, yummy food (yet the "facebook 13" is oh too real!'and the best healthcare among many well thought out perks.
It is a genuinely connected and collaborative environment where you have the opportunity to work on projects that make meaningful impact for the business, the industry, clients, yourself and the wider world.  You move at speed and this is invigorating, challenging and rewarding.
Great perks and company to be part of. Good stocks
The sheer opportunity you get at Facebook is astounding, there is still so much to accomplish which presents a wealth of opportunity to grow and develop yourself. I've never worked anywhere where I was encouraged to take risks, think big and have such amazing impact. I love the autonomy you are given, the freedom to be yourself and the brilliant people, food and perks that come with working here. I'm excited about the next ten years.
- Great company to work with - Huge learning opportunity - Brand name for your resume - Awesome management team and colleagues
- sehr offene Atmosphäre - fachlich top-qualifiziertes Umfeld und Kollegen - extrem viele Nebenleistungen - freies, flexibles Arbeiten - anspruchsvolle Tätigkeit
Free food, Great Benefits, Amazing and Talented People, Challenging Work Opportunities
* Tech lead company * Engineers control their own destiny * As an engineer you choose which team you want to work on * You choose what you pursue * So many interesting people * Chance to work with the experts in their fields * So many interesting projects, from FB itself to autonomous drones, to Oculus to AI, etc. etc.
The pros are -  - The overall company culture - Good food  I did not find any pro in the product support team.  I would recommend working at Facebook, but be very aware of which teams you join, the core responsibilities, the manager, the career level your are joining at etc.
Good perks, though moslty for full time employees, great food, office space and culture overall.
high income, good work and life balance
Lean Teams, Great People, Fast Career Growth, Transparent Enviroment, Great recognition systems, Numerous learning opportunities
+ best company in the world + amazing offices + super friendly, super talented colleagues + clear, actionable mission
Great work ethic, fantastic technical products with in-depth knowledge share Hard working ethic ensures an enthusiastic team work environment.
Very friendly environment, there is training available for anything you need, people are very open, very helpful. There is a lot of space to bring new ideas.
- you get to work mostly with nice and smart people who want to see you succeed  - a lot of autonomy and flexibility  - great perks, offices and facilities  - excitement of working for a company with such wide reaching impact - a lot of openness and communication from senior management - strong sense of optimism about the future of the company
Cares for employees, strives to give you work life balance, fantastic beneftis
Growing company, lots of users, high impact work, love my coworkers. It's a product that is changing the world
Everyone on the team is driven by an absolute ambition to make the world a better a place. The teams are collaborative, creative and welcoming to new ideas. The company is driven by impact and moving fast, so if you've got an idea you've got room to make a real impact.
Difficult to know where to start. This is without a doubt the best company to work for. You are listened to and respected. Management are on the team and mentors- no politics. People can't do enough to help even if they're busy. Everyone is smart and friendly and high achievers. The perks are magestic, not just free food but gourmet meals served 3 times a day, it will ruin hotels for you!! You feel like your making a difference constantly.
It's a great environment, high performance but you don't feel too much pressure. Great middle management and friendly interactions with other teams. Working from home is an actual options for at least 1 day per week (no meetings Wednesday).
An amazing company to work for offering a plethora of opportunities. Transparent and no BS.
Great culture. Free food, good benefits.
Company culture, opportunity for impact, deal with engineer problems at a unique scale and benefits.
Industry leading benefits, a great office and total package is very competetive
They really care about you. Flexible about working from home.
Top talent not just in engineering but across the company in all areas. The culture is very inspiring and motivating and keeps me excited every single day. On top of that I get to work on problems on a scale that is hard to find anywhere else in the world.
The working environment The people The level of growth means there is lots of challenging work to do Flexibility with working hours & possible to work from home when needed A good place for working parents Fantastic benefits & perks
I joined Facebook about four years ago and it's by far the best thing that wever happened to me. Every day I'm challenged to do what I do best, while driving impact and (in)directly contributing to the overall mission of making the world more open & connected. What I also love is that jobs and structures are created around a person and not vice versa. Yes thing move fast, change quickly, shift around but you get the trust and comfort to make impact. It all comes down to taking ownership.
Compensation, Mission, People, Culture and Product. We can also add awesome offices location and perks.
Engineers are treated as first class citizens Lots of perks Good work environment Othee employees are friendly and helpful
Good salary, culture, benefits, business prospects
Being part of a company that is helping connect the world, not just people but connecting and growing businesses. You are surrounded by not only some of the most innovative intelligent people, but people that want you to succeed which develops a very supportive environment. Great benefits, growth and career opportunities (globally not just in the US)
Great smart people Great perks Great diversity Free food Management moves fast and react fast Open culture and code
Working with the smartest people A vision led company All the food! The benefits package Competitive comp International opportunities
I'm learning a lot from the people I work with, both technical and soft skills.
Amazing benefits and culture Full of diversed and smart people
- It's all pros - the people I work with are the sort of people I would choose as friends anyway - Everyone is super smart, super humble, genuine and really friendly - Unlike other big companies where you become blocked by processes, Facebook lives by its move fast mantra and new innovations in products happen all the time - The free food is ridiculous, it's 7 star quality, absolutely delicious 100% of the time - There are lots of career progression opportunities because we keep growing - There is never a dull day and our sales conferences and all hands sessions are inspiring - You get to test new products before they go out on the market - Rewards for good performance are fantastic
* Culture there is positively amazing, and it believed and lived. Consistent throughout offices around the world--a rarity. * Benefits are world-class * Mission driven--everyone believes in it * Zuck is fantastic
Great perks, working hours and environment pretty flexible, people are really friendly and most if them can teach you a lot. Also everything you do affects a lot of people and it's quite an amazing feeling to see that.
I absolutely loved my time at Facebook. I was lucky enough to work with talented, passionate, knowledgeable people who were super supportive and friendly. You're positively encouraged to express your ideas and trusted to work autonomously. The work is challenging and interesting and the social aspect is great too, there's always something to get involved with should you want to. They provide free breakfast, lunch and dinner which is pretty amazing. Despite contracts running 11 months (which sucks) they actively stay in contact / try and find way of getting great people to stay / come back. The hours are long - but no longer than any other job I've had in London and the rewards and job satisfaction are well worth it.
- They take care of basically all our needs. Laptop, mobile phone, food, shower, shares, health and life insurance, transport allowance, wellness and gym benefits amongst other stuff.
Facebook hires comparable to the best talent I've worked with in the industry, with regards to smarts -- but also with at least a modicum of social skills :)  Enormous opportunity to influence business direction, chase after your own ideas, and really stretch yourself to your fullest potential.  Almost everything that should be provided is, without lengthy approval processes, unparalleled trust in employees at all levels (you don't need to be a bigwig to get perks).  Employees are empowered to build anything, any app, service, feature. If you are a big fan of autonomy and self-driven growth, Facebook is the place to go.  Managers don't bark orders or give commands, but spend the vast majority of their time as a support role, and encouraging leadership between engineers.
- Open, positive culture (it really is): goals are assigned to you at the beginning of the half mostly basis your strength areas  - Opportunity to work with one of the industry leaders in online media - the platform and its underlying are a tech enthusiast's dream  -Not a 'hire and fire' company. They really care about their employees.  - Lavish, almost extravagant benefits: you can get spa massages reimbursed, for instance.
career opportunities, benefits, package, people
Young and vibrant office. Great company culture. Good vertical as well as horizontal career opportunities.
- Work and life balance is a must - You always feel like your work is the most important thing - Great environment and you're surrounded by professionals and very talented people - Is always a pleasure to work in a company that has changed the world as FB did and keep doing
Facebook will always be one of the most exciting places to work and I am sure a lot of people agree on how diverse and fast moving it truly is. I have been working in Facebook Dublin for the last 2 years as part of the Recruitment team. I love what I do and who I hire for but in more recent times things have changed slightly, but not for the better.
very friendly , innovative company
Lovely team, everyone works well together, great atmosphere, customers always feel valued and appreciated, quaint and quirky cafe.
Amazing company culture that's embedded in most of its employees. Feedback is done in the most constructive way possible. No BS, genuine attempt to minimize politics (yes no company is 100% politics free), super fast paced, yet respectful of individual time and space. Highly collaborative environment, and everything is measured by impact to people.  Employees are committed to their works and committed to have fun as well! Most of us are unpretentious or trying to hard to impress or look busy, even though the work is very intense! That's why visitors always thought that we hardly work!  Be warned though, this company may not be for everybody, particularly if your strength revolves around internal politics and bootlicking, or you prefer companies where you can relax and do minimal work, or you don't like to have tough conversations to solve tough problems, or you don't like to work with a team where everybody knows what each other is doing.
really good place to work
perks, wage, quality, challenge, exciting environment
Always new opportunities. International and highly innovative. Excellent work life balance, and lots of potential for career growth. The company has a very interesting road map with tons of new products yet to be realized.
1. Independence to drive project 2. Working with a lot of cross functional partners and learning how people with different background work
You have the resources to do your job, you work with other highly-skilled people, you make a positive difference to the world.
awesome team, good salary, strong perks, flexible hrs
I get to solve problems with fantastic colleagues, some of the smartest people I've ever worked with. I get to work on truly important challenges - products and systems that impact 1.7bn people. I also get to do what I love, using knowledge I gained from my PhD. Then there are the perks of being there - the free food, events and great office.
Virtually no numpties: not the smartest group I ever saw, but definitely - for any company with more than ten employees - the one with the least wasters.  Devs are the most important people in the company. It's nice to be that person, people that have worked in investment banks will know what I mean.  Good perks.  You can do anything or buy anything that gets the job done: senior management have very few things that "you just can't do"...
The people, the calibre, the environment, the stimulating work, the care, the perks.
Very nice to work at, awesome people around, interesting projects in lots of areas, you can have huge impact, good salary and benefits.
Meals benefits and insurance is offered to employee. Standard is higher than what the market is offering in China. They also hired a lot of smart peopple.
Company with strong leadership, clear vision and exciting products to work on. Good benefits, events and true care about work-life balance.
Extensive experience as an Executive Assistant. Handing complex calendar management, travel itinerary, expenses, preparing documents for meetings, clients visits, handling mailboxes
Benefits aside, the best thing about working at Facebook is the people. It is very rare to be the "smartest person in the room". There is always someone who is better than you at something. This makes Facebook a great place to grow your skills and learn new things. This is made even easier by the friendly and open environment.
Great work environment, awesome people, many opportunities for learning technologies in-depth. Lots of leeway given to engineers to work on areas that they believe are important.  Benefits are awesome.
- Extremely smart people. I am really working with the best of the best engineers I have ever met. - Move fast. Decisions are being made rapidly and objectively. No bureaucracy. The change lifecycle idea->implementation->a/b test->production can take less than one day! - Bottom up. Many ideas and decisions are driven by engineers. Managers rarely would tell you what to do, but rather help you to get done what you think should be done. The protocol between the ideas and company goals is metrics. As long as your ideas are aligned with the metrics your org cares about you have green light to implement them. - Diversity. Facebook cares about diversity a lot, which makes the atmosphere here really inclusive and comforting. - Care about employees. Facebook cares about the employees. A lot. All these free meals, snacks, drinks, equipment, business trips to headquarters, tax consultations, massages and much, much more. Everything is done to allow you to take care of all your needs and allow you to focus on the job itself.
Facilities given to the employee, to travel to work and at work are very good. They try to provide a very comfortable enviornment to work.
- Open, autonomous culture with broadly scoped roles. - Mission driven company to the core and everything we do is aligned around achieving this. - Company sets over the top ambitious goals and this ensures everyone is stretched and challenged in the best possible way. - Dream team pairing of Sheryl & Mark - visionary leaders with integrity and 2 of the strongest operators out there.
Great place to work, fantastic colleagues, developing yet supportive environment.
The benefits & perks are great, Facebook is obviously one of the best knows brands in the world. Lots of smart & genuinely great people. Challenging work.
Amazing culture, flexibility, opportunity and the perks and benefits speak for themselves. The first place in an 11 year career that I've felt truly challenged and empowered to do my best work and think outside the box. The ability to get things done with little red tape is unparalleled.
Great culture and benefits. The company leadership are really open, honest and promote venerability and failure.
free food free good yums
Great young vibrant team Decent money but Dublin so expensive
It's a strengths based company- you are given the opportunity to play to your strengths and move into a role that aligns with what you're good at! Benefits are really good!
Excellent company for university graduates. Working with the best in the industry who are always willing to help
easy to use facebook and is good for publication
Perks, high exposure, freedom to manage your time at your will. Important amount of resources. Fast growing company with good career opportunities.
stocks that they give and the travel and food along with it. Also, the kind of people that you work with
- mainly work on project, so there is always the opportunity to learn your things and get in contact with different people - great benefits (schedule flexibility, health insurance, canteen)
Great culture. Generally more open and transparent than most organization. People take ownership of what they do and take pride in the impact they make.  Internal mobility among roles, teams and locations is great and there are programs that help with mobility.
Facebook is Facebook. Absolutely brilliant with a unique mission and a brilliant team.
- A leading tech player in the world committed to making the world more open and connected. Everything Facebook does will impact people in a massive way. Very credible & humbling to be a part of such a journey  - You're taken care of. You really don't worry about day to day things which otherwise eat up your time. The benefits & perks have got you covered  - Bright, Young & Passionate people to work with. You don't want to be a part of a group which has had a conventional approach to things. Peeps at facebook come from different parts of the country, unique experiences & have a zest to perform.
Open, friendly, challenging environment. It's hard to believe that a company this big still genuinely feels like a startup but it truly does. The leadership works hard to remove obstacles to people doing their best work, and creating a culture where individual opinions are valued to drive innovation. You are encouraged to move fast and it's okay to fail if you're trying to push the limits and do something new (as long as it's back up with data/metrics/etc.). People are genuinely nice, collaborative, and so smart that you're constantly in a state of learning. London office has people from over 50 countries so great chance to meet some of the smartest people from around the world.
I've been in multiple tech companies so far and I must say that Facebook really does an amazing job at putting its employee in the best position to make them successful. We have the perfect workplace, our career is the main focus of our managers and diversity is not only encourage, but actively advocate (really, the initiative in term of gender equality, the fight against ethnical or confessional based bias here is fuel with so much energy that it should be a standard in modern companies). Also, the well-known CEO really has a plan and is totally transparent about it. I would definitively work here.
Young, dynamic organisation that scales globally very well Some amazing people Good packages, good bonus Good recruitment process, fast and efficient
Work environment and perks Talented people
All pros, company provides you all resources you need to move fast and provide impact!
work balance salary opportunities ticket restaurant colleagues work balance salary opportunities ticket restaurant colleagues
- Very friendly people - Good benefits - flexible working space and time - healthy work competition
- Flexibility in the technology stack, facebook has almost everything you would think of from Haskell, C++, to Java - Open and transparent culture, *almost* no secrets, all employees are treated as a trusted team
Friendly, fast-pace environment, great talents, big clients to work with
Work life integration, connection with the company's mission, perks and opportunities to do big things.
Lots of smart, clever and approachable people. - The friendliest I've ever worked with. Highly engaging projects. The company mission. Brilliant benefits A career with constant learning and development.
-I've gotten to work in amazing projects with real impact -Good culture and opportunity to work with really smart people -Awesome perks and benefits
I am in Facebook less than a year, but I already love this company. So many internal tools. So much support from more experienced engineer. I can feel that my knowledge is growing every single day.
surrounded by smart people, fast pacing environment, transparency, perks & benefits
Lots of autonomy, opportunity to have impact and be creative in your thinking. Decisions can be made quickly due to lack of red tape. Work with some of the smartest people in the industry who are incredibly humble and collaborative.
Facebook trusts its engineers. We get free food, access to technology as and when it would help our job, a good working environment, and the ability to regularly move from team to team to prevent burnout and ensure that we've spread our knowledge widely. Lots of flexibility in working hours helps, too.
-Really smart people to work with - Leaders who care and are invested in helping you build your career - Amazing work culture and perks/benefits
A refreshingly rational approach to maximising opportunity and efficiency for individual contributors. You're measured objectively on 'impact' but are free to determine where you can find most impact. I work with undoubtedly the strongest engineers (both max and avg levels), the culture is supportive and fast-moving, and I've developed personally more in 8 months here than I have in years elsewhere.
Decent facilities, good brand name, option to relocate to global offices
- Huge focus on employee development - Flat organization - every one is reachable and reactive - Sounds cliche but it's an amazing organization with truly amazing intentions, vision and executions. - Moving super fast and super flexible
- Work with smartest people in the world - Efficiency is at the top, it is crucial to make things work in the same quality in shorter time in more scale. - The company and products develop your skills based on your area of expertise - There are many perks: three times meals, free food in the kitchens, cool offices, games rooms, activities, parties etc. etc.
Opportunities to communicate with clients who are experts in advertising on Facebook Learning about Facebook advertising solutions from the basic to comprehensive level
Still a bit startup-i, plenty of opportunity for impact and growth, great culture, great percs
The people, the work, the innovation & ideas, the food!
- professional, personal, career, whatever you need, FB gives you! - growth, visibility unlimited - the only place that I worked which lets me be! - never afraid of being judged, I can go as stupid as I want to, as long as I learn something out of it...
Fast Paced, dynamic work invironment
Fantastic place to work. Develop your career. Develop as a person as they invest an awful lot in you.
Flexibility and autonomy. Trusted by management to own your workload. Incredible benefits and focus on work life integration
many , can't be summed up in words
Very open culture Great place to work Can really focus on impact Get to solve problems that have never been solved before
Best is regarded as Normal Intelligent people trying to create impact to the real world Innovative ideas are given preference Fast paced
Great benefits Great opportunities to develop yourself professionally Amazing culture
Facebook is a good place to work . It might be easy to roll your eyes when people from Facebook say how open their culture Is. But it's true. At company wide- level, secret project, public incidents, important non- public business metrics.
good perks in the job
Amazing Perks! Amazing product! Amazing smart people!
Great company culture, very smart people, interesting work, entrepreneurial, dynamic and ever changing
It's true!! Facebook is the best company in the world to work for! Mark Zuckerberg is an absolute credit to the globe announcing to donate 99% of his shares to charity! The business is genuinely interested in making the world more open and connected and it's wonderful to be part of an organisation that is changing the world positively!
Very fast moving. Brilliant CEO. Long term vision. Great compensation.
Everything about the company, is great to be surrounded by intelligent people and learn with them! You must be a faster learner and a self starter to do well!
Speed of innovation, extremely bright colleagues, who generously share knowledge, great benefits
The work environment is stress free and work culture is healthy
friendly environment amazing culture , food
Free thinkers, great perks, smart people
They have an amazing culture, everyone I met was very friendly and the work life balance is so much better than the Menlo Park office.
Lots of smart people Interesting projects
#1: more impact/person than possibly any other organization on the planet  Also: brilliant and friendly coworkers, ridiculous perks, emphasis on career development and learning
Facebook is a great place to work. Its not often that you can say that you work on a product that you genuinely believe in in a company with great values and with the best caliber people. Facebook is such a place. Nobody at Facebook is there accidentally. The interview process is intentionally tough because Facebook would rather have more False Negatives than False Positives (ie they would rather be wrong they give someone a No Hire than be wrong when go ahead a hire someone). What this means is that you are working with some of the best people in the world. Also the values that the company believes in truly important. Its great to work for a place that is so open with its Employees. Since Facebook's product is all about Social, the company makes sure that employees feel free to express their opinions. Everyone is encouraged to weigh in on important decisions. The company structure is such that we dont get fancy titles and therefore we end up being more equal. Move fast is also important, and the company removes all obstacles from employees so that they can do their job well. Overall I love working at Facebook and would recommend it to everyone.
Nice salary, beautiful offices, challenging field, fast paced environment, nice people around. I had a great experience working there actually
Great M team Transparency at the company level Openness
An incredible amount of time and effort is put into pushing employees to be the best version of themselves they can be, both professionally and personally. Development and career opportunities abound everywhere you look, and the quality of people that you are surrounded with is eons beyond anything I've seen at any other company, and I've worked for quite a few in different parts of the world. Culture plays an important role, and is also what makes the special place it is. The workload is high, but a heavy emphasis is put on having the right work-life balance/integration - which helps keep things humane. Even with a high workload, the impact of what we do is seen and felt on a very regular basis, pushing me to continue in my quest to be the best version of myself I can be, so I can deliver results that support our ultimate mission of making the world more open and connected. The hype is very real. It really is this good here.
Really good company .Great place to work!
Facebook is an employee-focused company. Working here I feel valued and appreciated. I feel lucky to be part of this organization.
Great amount of autonomy given to employees at all levels. Leadership is very transparent. All employees are encouraged to never hesitate to question their leaders. Overall environment is one of cohesiveness and cogeniality
Good perks, 6 months salary revision, in large offices there are good career opportunities, good company momentum
- co workers care about your well being - helping others to achieve and excel is the norm -
- Smart, hardworking people - Great internal tools and tech - You get a lot of freedom as an employee, and your ideas are valued by your manager and your peers if they are good. - Great perks   - Free food - Great cafeteria and decent selection of snacks and drinks at the micro-kitchen, plus two bars :)   - Decent gym allowance
Autonomy, Inspiring Leadership, wonderful benefits, colleagues feel like family, mission driven company
Great place to work at!
Nice company loved it. Easy people to talk to really out going intellectual people.
coding knowledge is adviseable but not a compulsion
Great job environment and benefits
- Great atmosphere - High degee of ownership in your role and in side-projects - A lot of freebies (food, sport facilities, etc) - Competitive compensation
The amount of freedom each individual has is amazing. Tons of perks :D The culture is now more balanced, we move fast but also focus on maintaining stability. I had to move to a new country to join Facebook but never felt out of place. Never felt like a job to me.
Everything! The culture, the benefits, the mission, the feeling you are actually making you own stamp in the world.  Feeling really proud of my job and being happy every time I come to work
Allows you to be your authentic self, no unnecessary masks, amazing outlook, great middle and high mngmnt
In very few companies you get to voice your opinion, thoughts & feedback so openly. It helps create an environment where you feel so deeply connected with your work that there is a strong emotional bond.
Strong culture of passion, learning, openness / transparency, direct feedback, and everything is designed around empowering engineers to ship things quickly with a lot of autonomy. Growing everywhere and lots of opportunities for driving projects at whatever level you are able. And the people are wonderful - many of them feel like old friends even though we've worked together only a short time.
The best reason for working here is that,the whole environment of this so friendly that any one can work here so relax-ably.
Employees travel at business class. The bootcamp is great because it offers flexibility in choosing teams.
Very good team! I enjoyed the work atmosphere and the hustling.
Freedom Awesome people Impact You get to work with people you would actually hire if you were a startup
Facebook has an open communication environment . Besides there is a lot of work to be done on an everyday basis, if you are good at it, you will have a lot of possibilities to develop your career. also, perks are pretty good on the job.
- The main reason why working for Facebook is great, is the opportunity to move roles as it allows you to always strive on your ambition and face more interesting challenges. It gives you the opportunity to constantly excel. - Another benefit of working here is the fact that almost most of the colleagues are high achievers, thus always inspiring to do more and to do it better. - The culture is very warm, open and fun. I worry that I would never be able to find this working environment again. - Salary is very competitive, benefits are very fair. - Moreover, the working environment is full of respect, and even in case there was a disagreement it would never amount to more than that, usually solvable and manager is ready to step in and find a solution, all done in a very smooth and civil way. - The parties are super awesome, and the time they invest in them, shows how much they care about making us happy!
- Smartest people to work with - Great benefits (free food for breakfast, lunch, dinner) - Healthy work environment and an amazing working culture
Great Company to work for
Everyone talks about the amazing perks etc. But that is not the biggest pro. The values are. For me the fact that I can do what I am good at, and really make a a huge impact is absolutely fantastic. Things are going very fast, even with the current company size. Maybe even faster. At Facebook there is a saying that every day is a week, and for me that is true. I think it is very special that moving fast and setting high standards of performance this can go hand in hand with being really good to employees too.
great benefits and perks. good worklife style great products
The people are excellent, iss them!
Work-life balance is great. Benefits are still lacking a little behind main competitor in developing countries.
Great reach of people to interact with, Customers are a click away, Access to companies all over the world, The overall benefits are great and suit my lifestyle
Great culture & core values - Focus on Impact, Move Fast, Be Bold, Be Open - these are not just buzzwords but are the true embodiment of the company.  Great colleagues - The overwhelming majority of staff at FB are world-class at what they do and are dedicated to doing a great job.  Great working environment & perks. FB really takes care of their employees in pretty much every sense of the word.  The company innovates and iterates really quickly and, despite the speed, moves to a surprisingly high quality bar.
The company really cares about its employees, everything moves fast and it's not a "bureaucratic" place where you need to speak with 5 managers before do something. You can really make impact.
1) Ownership of software 2) Responsibilities are given 3) No lack of projects 4) Compensation and package is awesome
Fast changing, open leadership, good perks.
top notch, couldn't be better
Very friendly staff, meals are very good
Gives you the opportunity to build your career the way you would like to Amazing work culture Very supportive and helpful colleagues
People, projects, pace - it's all great.
Great deal of flexibility Most amazing senior management and some of the best mentors The perfect place to kickstart your career and learn about the corporate A dynamic organization with well defined structures. But not so rigidly defined that you lose out on flexibility free food, great parties and offsites, intellectual and passionate people and the best culture
There are so many things..
Much freedom. Brilliant people. Awesome projects.
people, salary, travel, options to work on projects that have a professional and personal interest.
Facebook is a company that trusts your abilities and talent. You're given so much responsibility and learn something everyday. The culture is beyond compare, you work with people from all over the world and with different work- and educational backgrounds - and everyone is committed to making the platform better and help the world connect.
Incredible benefits, a great sense of family and partnership.
After working at Facebook almost two years I can say that this is without question the best workplace I have ever seen. It is not only the sweet perks and the unique opportunity to create value for over a billion users over the world. It's also the culture that makes this company really amazing to work for.
Great environment, values and career opoortunities
culture, people, vision and transparency
Learning from the best, amazing benefits, be free to do whatever we feel it's important aligned or not with the goals.
Facebook is the most incredible company to work for, there is a huge focus on people, impact, and a deeply held mission statement that we can change the world for the better.
Great perks and good benefits, good career opportunities, interesting work
Talented people with very unconventional working style. People are creative, and professional. Furthermore, it keeps you out of stress and focus on the work at the highest efficiency. Everyone is friendly and the most importantly is the diversity at Facebook is the key to explore to power.
People. Food. Culture. Work/Life balance. Opportunity to work some great industry leaders. Impactful projects --> more users see/feel that impact during their experience on the site.
-The diversity of the people (we have people coming from all over the world and it really helps knowing how to work with different backgrounds) -The culture -The Food
Great work culture. They literally move fast. Things get done very quickly. People are helpful, and some of the best people you'll meet.
Career development has been a focus throughout my time in Facebook Change is a constant so you are not allowed to sit in the casual zone which helps keep the performance high The teams are full of the most talented people I have ever had the pleasure of working with
Great internal transfer program set up. Makes it easy to discuss and weigh your options.
you can travel and change your family life..
Brand , Cantine , Benefits (not salary) , work environment
- You get to work on pretty much whatever you suggest - Good benefits
- Amazing work environment (meritocracy, smart people, great technologies, ...) - Great perks (food, snacks, health insurance, gym benefit, laundry, ...) - Very little corporate overhead. - Feels very much like a startup, despite being over 8 years old.
This company provides you everything to make an impact for more than 1 billion people. This is something unique in the world. The atmosphere is great, you can ask anything to anyone freely.
- Hackathons - Flexibility in choosing how you approach a project, technical leadership opportunities - Benefits - Free food, dry cleaning, etc - Open management, Q&As with Zuck every friday are un-matched in the industry.
Work Flexibility: you have a work description, but you can basically do what you want Work environment: you work with the smartest people of the industry, tackling the biggest problem of recents years (connecting 1 billion people together) Work culture: perks, couches, free food etc.
Despite having several thousand employees, you can still have an impact, and it doesn't have to be "wrote the messaging system", it can be as simple as "made something more efficient, saving hundreds of thousands of dollars over a year", or "enabling someone else to be a rock star". There are great challenges in the infrastructure, and it's a first-hand experience of (at the heart) simple systems interacting in complex ways. Lovely food from the on-campus cafe (really and truly I'd call it a restaurant, the food is that good), break out areas for peace and quiet, and generally excellent and smart co-workers.
- Fantastic culture: FB is moving fast so there are lots of opportunities to work on interesting projects. - Impact: you get to work on projects that affect millions of people every day! It's hugely rewarding! - Great facilties. Facebook is a fun place to work with a great work environment. This starts with having top-notch screens to nicely designed break out areas. - loads of benefits, e.g. health care, free food - loads of opportunities to grow within the company. Facebook is still small, so there is always a career path that will enable you to grow into a management role or into a highly impactful individual role! - lots of travel if you're up for it - Learn: Facebook has a great team that focusses on providing you with training around communication, presentation, time keeping, management skills. Whatever you are interested in!
An incredible culture and great group of people to be around.
it is a user,s friendly website
It's a flat organization with very flexible work, lots of benefits and of course great food for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Great culture and positive attitude of all employees. Working with some really intelligent people
Working at Facebook has been and still is the most amazing experience, for me. Why? Because,  - The people that work here are extremely bright and driven - The work environment is incredibly open and supportive. If you want to get something done but need help or input from a different team, you will get it - You have the freedom to focus on what you feel will have the highest impact. Of course, you still need to do you core job though - The work culture is truly flexible  These things may not be the most important points for you but after having worked in the voluntary sector (NPO), public sector (Army and UN), and the private sector (Banking) they are the most important to me. And from my experience separates Facebook from 99% of all work places.
Great culture. Management genuinely cares about staff happiness, career pathing, growth and personal development. As the company scales, you get a sense that everyone wants to retain the hack culture, the ability to move fast and to avoid bureaucratic systems, while offering opportunities to everyone and avoid any 'hand-picking' and keeping company politics to a minimum. The working environment is collaborative, open and focused on impact.  People. Some of the smartest people I have ever had a chance to deal with. Hard-working, fun, collaborative, creative and driven. They are not all made from the same mold and diversity is important. In Dublin, I love the multicultural environment, it is respectful of everyone's culture and creates a great vibe around the office.  Perks. Alright so the initial salary is not the highest compared to other companies I have worked for. However, the 6 monthly bonuses (performance based), stock, salary adjustment every year, free healthy delicious food all day really add up. I have had higher base salaries in previous jobs, but going to work every day without fearing what the day brings, and lower stress-levels are just priceless. Also put in the Irish/Dublin context (very very grim unemployment figures), it is a solid job with career prospects.  What we do. Putting aside the people, the cool office and many perks, I really love what I do. We support hundreds of million users across EMEA/Latin America, and working on such a scale is inspiring. I feel immensely proud of what we are achieving every day.
There are so many cool things to say about where I work. I am an ex-Googler and I have had great expeirences in both companies but I would have to honestly say leaving Google to come to Facebook has been the best decision I ever made.  We are all so busy, there is no time for politics and BS. We are solving huge problems and the work we do is played out on such a huge scale. Having this level of impact and being part of a relatively tiny team means you can really feel the value of the work you do. I love that we do not hyper hire, I love the fact that we hire such great people, people with a sense of purpose and some of the smartest people I have ever had the pleasure to work with.  WE have great amenities as well. Everything you need is here at the office. People don't mind coming into work, people are genuinely happy to be here and you cannot fake this atmosphere.  Feedback is well received and management do an awesome job of actioning this and listening to employees.
its a easyy way to connect wid friend
Great benefits - salary, food,training and atmosphere
It has wide connections of different people and countries.
- If you are in sales:   - there isn't a more exciting thing to sell or talk about with clients and marketers   - huge advantage in terms of gaining access to clients  - Great career opportunities especially for those that are willing to get involved in emerging teams and roles and get stuck in. - Great benefits and work environment, amazing people to work with. It'd be hard to work anywhere else. - Always launching something new both on the marketing front and for users. - Business side of the company aside, we're changing the way the world communicates.
- Working with smart people - Great perks - Great experience - High recognition for great work
We work with some of the best brains in the industry and also get to interact with highly learned and experienced people. Work culture is awesome.
Working in digital, social and mobile is without a doubt *the* sector to be in, in Ireland these days, which is a great plus. Your role in FB is (pretty much) safe, which is more than can be said in other realms of the advertising (or indeed business) world. You'll also meet some amazing people here, you'll forge some real friendships. In advertising teams, there is a great feeling of getting to know the right people, doing (some of) the right things. Perks like free meals are increasingly ubiquitous, but are still nice.
We could easily run out of space here. Facebook as a company, is like friend. I've my manager's constant attention on any issues I might come up with. The amount of benefits at Facebook is close to countless, starting from the small snacks, free food and basically everything that you can imagine. Once the company gave you everything you can think of, you have a wonderful place to work, with brilliant people on the most challenging problems. All you have to do for this, is doing your job.
learn work and grow with the best social site in the world
High level of freedom to structure your own work. Maximum ability to make an impact on the world. Professional management.
It's so much fun to work for Facebook. Amazing perks and benefits. Free breakfast, lunch, dinner. They respect your work style - no set start/end times. Culture built on feedback, all levels are very receptive to listen to your opinion. no bureaucracy, transparent, impactful
creative co workers and employer
