People are smart and friendly
1) Food, food, food. 15+ cafes on main campus (MTV) alone. Mini-kitchens, snacks, drinks, free breakfast/lunch/dinner, all day, errr'day.  2) Benefits/perks. Free 24:7 gym access (on MTV campus). Free (self service) laundry (washer/dryer) available. Bowling alley. Volley ball pit. Custom-built and exclusive employee use only outdoor sport park (MTV). Free health/fitness assessments. Dog-friendly. Etc. etc. etc.  3) Compensation. In ~2010 or 2011, Google updated its compensation packages so that they were more competitive.  4) For the size of the organization (30K+), it has remained relatively innovative, nimble, and fast-paced and open with communication but, that is definitely changing (for the worse).  5) With so many departments, focus areas, and products, *in theory*, you should have plenty of opportunity to grow your career (horizontally or vertically). In practice, not true.  6) You get to work with some of the brightest, most innovative and hard-working/diligent minds in the industry. There's a "con" to that, too (see below).
* If you're a software engineer, you're among the kings of the hill at Google. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused). * The perks are amazing. Yes, free breakfast, lunch, an dinner every weekday. Aaaaaamazing holiday parties (at Waldorf Astoria, NY Public Library, MoMA, etc.), overnight ski trips to Vermont, overnight nature trips to the Poconos in the summer, summer picnics at Chelsea piers, and on and on and on. I don't see this going away unless the company starts hurting financially. * Speaking of which, the company is doing quite well, which reflects in bonuses and equity grants. * There a huge diversity of work ranging from defending independent journalism worldwide (Google Project Shield) to crisis response during disasters (see Maps during Hurricane Sandy or Tsunamis), to the best machine learning experts and projects in the world, to more mundane revenue-driving projects in advertising, there's really something for everybody. * It's easy to move around within the company as long as you're in good standing (the vast majority of engineers are). * The company is amazingly open: every week Larry Page and Sergey Brin host what's called TGIF where food, beer, wine, etc. is served, a new project is presented, and afterward there's an open forum to ask the executives anything you want. It's truly fair game to ask anything, no matter how controversial, and frequently the executives will be responsive. * No, nobody cares if you use an iPhone, Facebook, shop with Amazon, stream using Spotify, or refuse to use Google+. The company is amazingly open and flexible.  Neither pro nor con, but general information on work-life balance, promotions, and advancement. * Work life balance can be what you want it to be on most teams. (Some teams are in more competitive sectors and require more crazy hours all the time - but very few of them). If you do what's expected, you'll be fine at least for a handful of years. Working a roughly 40 hour work week is possible, and many people do it. There are also people who are hyper-motived and work like crazy just because they love it, or because they're competitive, or they want to get a promotion. If you work 40 hour weeks without putting in anything extra, you'll fall behind them as they advance and you stand still - and maybe that doesn't matter, so it works out for everybody. But at least know where you would realistically stand. * If you excel and work your butt off, you'll be compensated and promoted. If you let yourself be a code monkey, and just sit coding with your head down all day, you'll be fine but won't advance. A big complaint from some Googlers is about not being able to advance "even at Google" with pure coding. Sure, if you're the uber genius who created MapReduce and Bigtable, you're going to advance like a rocket without having to do anything but coding, but if you're like most engineers at Google -- smarter than average, but just average compared to other Googlers -- you're just a good coder and not revolutionary. Code monkeys are important to actually get stuff done, and to be sure you absolutely need to be a good coder as a software engineer (it's the minimum requirement), but code monkeys won't advance because they're not leaders and they're easy to replace. To get promoted you need to lead and do more than just code. There are plenty of ways to lead other than being an official tech lead, so this isn't actually _that_ hard, so the real point is just that you can't just sit there coding what other people tell you to code all day and expect to advance.
You can't find a more well-regarded company that actually deserves the hype it gets.  You'll work on cutting edge projects / solve important issues that impact your community and the world  You'll meet interesting people who are your colleagues, managers, and senior management.  You'll open the paper and see your company in the news almost every day, and read about projects you're working on, which is a cool thing  You'll see Larry and Sergey at TGIF and you'll admire how they lead the company. They are brilliant, goofy, low key but intense, and likeable.  There are 22 cafes (more or less), the food is excellent, and it's free.  Your pay will typically be competitive, though it needs to be tweaked up a bit since the economy has improved.  Google cares about how it treats its employees.  The campus is like an academic campus in many ways.  There are tons of activities on campus, like authors speaking about their books, films after work, and gyms where you can work out - but you'll need to make sure to carve out time to do these things.  You'll get plenty of external validation from people who suddenly think you're smart and rich because you work there, even if you're not rich and you're as smart when you didn't work at Google.  If and when you leave, you'll never regret having that company on your resume. It opens doors.  The company is flexible - if you're lucky, you won't have a micromanager boss and you can be somewhat flexible in how you work - but don't get me wrong - you'll work a LOT. But you don't have to do all of it chained to your desk.
Google is a world of its own. At every other company, there were lots of people who had serious gaps in their skills. At Google, I could have a serious work conversation about technology with everyone and could trust that they have solid expertise. In that way, Google is a sheltered garden from the rest of the world.  There is a general sense of trust in the company. You can leave your valuables and laptops lying around, and they are safe. People joke that it's the only place where you use an expansive laptop to reserve a seat at the cafeteria, while walking away.  At other companies, teams are very protective of their own code. Trying to execute another team's code requires following a 50 step installation process that's out of date and was never complete to begin with. Google has almost all the code in the same source repository. An engineer can look at the code, easily execute the code because it comes with intelligent defaults and standard build process, and contribute enhancements/bug fixes. The other teams are generally grateful for getting improvements. They understand that it's better for the company if the bug is fixed rather than holding onto territory or insisting on their own strange ways.  Google takes care of you all around. From food, health care, generous vacation, onsite gym, and so on, you are well taken care off and can focus on work rather than dealing with life's hassles. There are cases where Google goes above and beyond tremendously. Here is an example that floats around internally. A Googler had worked at Amazon before. Amazon relocated him. Because of the relocation, he had to change his partner's health insurance for some critical and expensive life changing medication. Due to same sex partner and relocation, the health insurance company refused. Amazon was so unhelpful that the HR representative who was forced to deliver the news broke down crying and then quit over it. He switched to Google. The Google HR department negotiated an exception for him with the health insurance and included the necessary change for the following policy year for all employees.  A lot of Google products have a huge impact with over a billion users. Working there, you can feel that you change the world.  I was very happy with the compensation. There are also a lot of opportunities in the company to follow your interest. Pretty much anyone can get an intern, participate in setting coding standards (obviously you have to argue the case for your proposals), interviewing, supporting local schools with tech expertise. Google opened up a lot of opportunities in the community or in general in tech to volunteer in.  Google is considered the largest functioning anarchy. That has its good sides, like the glee of joy for operating without strict oversight. It also has its dark side, like a hands-off management tends to encourage politics.  Another beauty for engineers are internal tools. Your development environment is in the cloud. You can sit down at a loaner computer and be productive within seconds. There is a massive cloud compiling system that shards your compiles across many computers in the cloud. The search function across the codebase is powerful. You'll feel that downloading and compiling code on your own computer in your IDE is something of another epoch, like something from before the industrial revolution.  The Google badge is a wonderful thing to carry. It opens doors to a different world. The office spaces are beautiful with work, rest, and play areas. The MTV location is like a utopian city on its own. Everything in it, food, drinks, work spaces, swimming pools, gym, bowling alleys, showers, and so on are free (for employees). It is a whole world of its own.  Most companies have a one-over-one promotion model. Your boss has to decide to promote you. Your bosses boss has to sign off on it. At Google, the promotion is decided by a relatively impartial committee that due to promoting lots of people has experience in it. You can even get promoted in rare cases against the will of your manager. Rumor has it that managers won't hold a grudge if that happens but support it. The hiring committee looks at a promotion packet that includes reviews from peers. There can even be unrequested peer reviews. In general, it creates an environment that discourages bicycling - bowing to the higher ups and kicking the lower downs hard. However some people have realized that they can hurt colleagues with bad reviews and impunity. It's rare, but colleagues careers took a dive due to someone holding a grudge or simply writing a thoughtless review. (There is some concern about stack ranking, but I don't understand enough of the background to comment on it. There are plenty of discussions with insight elsewhere.)  To underscore how Google is one of a kind, there is an internal database with legendary things that happened at Google. Someone parked his car for many years on the employee parking lot. When after years, he went looking for his car, it was gone. He went to security. He found out that it was simply moved because the parking lot had been repaved. Another Googler lived in the office fulltime to save money on rent. He wrote a guide on how to do that. As there are showers and other facilities, it is possible to do so. And Google let it happen. After a while of saving rent payment, he could afford the down payment on buying his own place. All these stories make Google a wonderful place to work at.  An important topic to bring up is work/life balance. Work/life balance is an amorphous topic that means a lot of different things to different people. Getting up to speed at Google is consuming. Depending on your work, it could take a year to become productive. Many colleagues reported no longer having a personal life after starting at Google. Some colleagues simply love technology and can't think of anything better than working until the AM hours on some tech that gets them excited. You can tell these people by physically looking at them. For them, it is a heaven. If you are a balanced person with personal interests and relationships, you are likely going to be challenged. If you signed up for one of the big five tech companies, you wanted challenge, right. If I would do something differently, it is to take advantage of all time saving things. Pay for a laundry service. Pay for a cleaning service. I've had a moral hangup about doing that because on a moral level, my time shouldn't be more worthy than that of another human being. If I could do it all over again, I'd pay for every possible service to save time. In the grander scheme of things, if you work at Google, your skill is so valuable to humanity that you should make use of it instead of standing in line at the grocery store. I don't mean that in an arrogant way. If you work on a service with a billion users, your ability to make life better for them with another hour of work is worth more than folding laundry. You've paid the price in education, training, and effort to be able to do that. Make use of your power for the great code. (The view that all those perks are only there to keep your nose closer to the grindstone is the wrong way of looking at it from a philosophical point, in my humble opinion.)  For full disclosure, there are some people who coast at Google. They probably don't have any complains about work/life balance or perhaps the worst complaints because they are all about coasting.  Many company mishandle projects. When the next time comes around, they mishandle it in the same way because the people responsible aren't the ones working late nights and weekends. Google does two things to get better: (1) There are honest and public postmortems. They are the pride of a lot of true engineers. (2) Zeitgeist is an annual survey about the work place and the company. The survey is quite exhaustive. Every manager from the CEO to the front-line manager reports on the result of his/her area. Then they take actions to attempt to improve areas that got low scores. Having worked at companies where now improvement effort is done, this annual and systematic process is very refreshing.
People are not that busy, so they are nice to help our. They did make a suitable intern project that you can finish it in time and learn something.
Great working environment. Good work life balance
work culture, benefits, growth, people,
Great products. Vision you can feel good about. Fair compensation. Automonomy in your role. Wide array of industries / roles employees are able to explore. Feedback loops give employees that ability to provide feedback to management regularly on their performance. Expectation that you will go above and beyond the minimum scope of your role - those that do, are typically rewarded. What more do you want from an employer.
Impact driven. Best tech in the world.
* Smart people * World class infrastructure * Diverse selection of projects and teams
* There is endless opportunity * You'll never stop learning * I haven't thought about money since I joined.
Atmosphere that promotes the expression of fresh ideas!
Amazing company. Still the best place to work.
Perks, autonomy, cool products, smart people
The people are great to work with
The people are great to work with, good perks.
Good managers, benefits , some support, nice atmosphere
Really fun work environment with startup
Great benefits, growth and people to work with and challenge you.
Great team and support for individuals
I love Google a lot
it's a great place to work!
Awesome job environment to work in
I like and learned from the beginning accounting
- perks are phenomenal, food, health, office
Very inspiring engineers to work with.
- A company culture that encourages dissent, discourse, transparency, and fairness - Strong compensation, from benefits, to perks, to base pay - Decent internal mobility opportunities - Employees are proud to work on globally impactful products, leading to a great sense of pride - Lots of opportunities to get involved in extracurriculars: sports teams, affinity groups, plan events, lead debate on internal company/cultural issues
The people are awesome. Lots of perks. Reduce administrative burdens. The food is great. There's a wide variety of tasks.
Great place to work, free food, and great culture.
Flexible timings, surrounded by technical experts and platform to grow and new ideas
So many brilliant people Tons of resources Working on amazingly cool technologies Great culture - they really care about employees, actively ask for feedback, and act on it (e.g. Set corporate OKR's to improve on problem issues)
is very good. is very very good
Great place to work, learn new things, grow and innovate. Able to maintain a respectful and healthy workplace culture despite the recent press.
Google is one of the beast Company in the world
Nice perks. Good work life balance
Good work and life balance
Better than average engineers. Competitive compensation.
Google’s perks are great: free food, shuttle to work, stock options, fun offices and amenities. The company is also full of really smart people that I’m constantly learning from.
The best company I've worked for. Culture, perks, the way people are treated. Very thankful for this experience.
Easy place and people are nice
Amazing compensation + benefits (hard to beat in Seattle), office space is cozy. Lots of autonomy. Taking initiative on important things is heavily rewarded.
Never have to skip a paycheck.
Ambitious mission, great colleagues, supportive atmosphere.
Good opportunities for different technical experiences, good work-life balance, good compensation, great coworkers
Great pay, good food, fun employees
Employees, food, benefits, perks, shuttle, basically an all-expenses-paid college.
food, shuttle, technology, perks, health, 401K, brand
perks are pretty good, as is culture
Pays really well Free food Looks good on resume
Pretty good benifits and bank.
great work culture , good for starters
Amazing and talented co workers best place to work at $$$
People and culture are terrific
Brilliant colleagues, excellent engineering standards, a clear career progression, ample mentorship, challenging and interesting projects, exposure to the bleeding edge of technologies, excellent work-life balance, top-notch code standards, great benefits, delicious food, beautiful work environment.  Internal mobility is amazing. If you ever feel like you need a new team or a new challenge, you can transfer at will. Joining Google doesn't mean you join a particular team, it means you're entering a huge community of brilliant people doing exciting things who are eager to have you join them.  You'll learn what it looks like when engineering is done right. Stay for more than a few years and recruiters won't be able to get enough of you. "Ex-Googler" carries a lot of weight, and I've seen lots of people leave Google to take on shockingly influential roles at startups and other companies.
For the right people it can be a great place. Good compensation, free food, massages, relaxed work environment.
Brilliant people, tons of awesome technical infrastructure, focus on technical excellence, great ability to move between projects and become well-rounded.
Great pay Great work life balance Great perks/benefits Nice people
comfortable environment, free food, nice people
great benefits, great people, dynamic environment
Great company with creative ideas.
Here you receive a great opportunity to solve worthwhile problems with outstanding teammates  Great benefits, great pay
nice food，nice place ，nice people
All good, excellent benefits, okay salary
- Great Food - Mentor and Feedback
Great benefits, work life balance, and pay for the position.
Resume filler gets you easy interviews everywhere once you have it
salary was fine but in line with other companies
Massive scale, excellent food, and vast majority of colleagues are fantastic to work with.
Great benefits, Great coworkers and managers
free food and good pay
Great benefits Amazing culture Coworkers feel like family
Food in Pantry is always fresh and healthy
Have been at Google almost 2 years. Google is like heaven for a software engineer. I love contributing to the amazing products and learning from the best in the business. My coworkers are very supportive and positive, and manager really cares about me and my goals.
Good parental leave, lots of flexibility
Google offers the best of the best when it comes to company culture.
Great place to work at every single day
The food is pretty good
Good culture in the office
Great Benefits and always surrounding success
9-5 schedule, good benefits and food
* Good pay * Free food * Good hours * Easy work
great workplace to meet fascinating people
Great company to work fornwith a great culture
-Amazing Perks in NYC: gym, rooftop terrace, unlimited food and snacks for breakfast lunch dinner, beautiful spaces -Brand notoriety -working with smart people -lots of resources available to you
Perks, Benefits, Pay are good
-Free breakfast/lunch/dinner (vegan options!) -Free drinks/snacks -Free workout facilities (group classes) -Free counselors -Google stock -Community organizations (LGBT, gamers, women, etc.) -Paid on-site: masseurs, financial advisors, trainers, etc. -Discounted health plan (free on-site Wellness centers) -Discounts to retailers -Dog friendly -Opportunities to grow career -Opportunities to volunteer -Work deadlines can be extended under extreme circumstances
Great culture, great people, great benefits
High impact projects, open engineering-based culture, free food
fun, good food, smart people
Lots of really nice perks and good work environment.
Great projects, supportive teammates, overall a great place to express your creativity and put your technical skills to work.
Intellectually stimulating place with many "benefits"
Great benefits, 401K plan, PTO
Fantastic benefits. It's great to have Google on your resume.
Great experience good people new challenges
They give you lots of autonomy Great culture
very good experience, colleagues are smart
Prod of working with awesome people
Great work life balance and amazing coworkers
Too many to list here - all the standard google magic
the place was nice and th people were too
Overall, Google pays well and showers people with perks. There are pockets of excellence. The company is extremely profitable.
Fantastic organization, training and development, opportunities to do meaningful work and benefits / perks.
Employees are very clean and tidy
Lots of perks in the office and great location.
Smart people, great environment
Great people - high caliber. Fun environment
Best culture Great values Friendly people Great perks
Cool vibes with the team, good food, good managers
Lots of interesting projects to learn from, great place for a junior engineer.
Complete autonomy, endless learning opportunities, great culture
Smart coworkers. Massive impact. Great products.
Good work/life balance, benefits, etc.
great food, facility, work environment
Co-workers are really smart Challenging Work
company is very very good
Scale, values, ambitions. The company continues to be a strong innovator and technical leader.
food, free coffee, bring dog to work
Work life balance. Interesting work. Everything you need to stay focused. Best in class salary. Healthy work environment.
Unbelievably smart people that are driven and want to make an impact
Good company culture and work environment
Fantastic Work Environment. Great opportunities to advance.
really good perks and benefits
Pay was excellent. Perks were great. Office was awesome. Lunch was usually delicious.
Benefits, people, opportunities for growth, performance management, 360 degree reviews
Great perks such as gym bikes and food
Life-work balance is excellent. Very generous benefits.
Great place to work at
You'll work with the best co-workers in the world and the benefits are world class.
Great coworkers and great benefits
Good food, workers, workplace, and work life balance
Good place to start career with friendly coworkers and good benefits
fun atmosphere and Fun people and good benefits
Work on variety of interesting problems
great minds, challenging work, felt sense of achievement after assignment completion
Good perks, good benefits, generally smart people.
- competitive compensation and good benefits - very smart colleagues - generally honest and transparent internal culture - incredible opportunities if you can find them
Perks, food, spaces, culture, health care and work-life balance
Excellent environment to work for
Best IT Company, Great work-life balance, Talented people
Great atmosphere to work in.
Forward thinking Tech company. Really fun place to work. Free activities, meals and cafe. Not all play - you will work!
Free food, great culture, and talented colleagues
Perks were great, as well as being around intelligent people.
- standard silicon valley perks (free food, high salary, smart colleagues, etc.) - a dizzying amount of resources for learning anything from machine learning to meditation - flexibility and autonomy of work hours - strong support system especially when it comes to career growth - opportunity to have an impact on hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue - satisfying to stop spammers and fraudulent agent in their tracks
Supportive, Innovative, lots of intelligent people
I hope the feedback is better than i can do on my own
Benefits, mobility, exposure, talented people around
great food offered but quality went down a bit with time as employee count went up
- Great benefits and salary - Fascinating product and technical challenges - Lots of opportunity to grow/learn/change your career focus
O you have got to be kidding me.......
Work life balance is gr8
It provides good work life balance
- interesting projects & flexibility in what you work on - very meritocratic compared to other companies - superstar teammates - best internal tools in the business - perks, amenities & pay
Best tech talent Great benefits and perks Exciting projects
Great work life balance. Employees were all wonderful. Management helps you every step of the way.
Good environment, nice people, free stuff
Cool environment and smart people
Very very very nice people
Dynamic and tech savvy teams
Great Pay, Great Flexibility, Nice Coworkers,
Good place to work, good pay
Good pay, good environment, smart people
Awesome work environment and benefits
Super fun in my opinion
Nice culture. Nice manager. Work life balance.
New challenges everyday with some of the best technologies on earth
work life balance is good
Life balance, the cultural is the best.
No work pressure,Friendly,Will have access to everything
The culture - the people are amazing! Hands down some of the smartest people you'll ever work with
Staff are kind, compassionate, and more importantly, they are willing to Google your questions for you. :)
Great benefits, awesome perks, smart people
Best place to work and grow
Everyone here is wicked smart
Awesome benefits, great company culture
Good work environment is good for me.
Great place to work, friendly people
You can balance work and life here. Good benefits for engineers.
Rewarding, good teamwork, cool locations
good benefits. work life balance. low pressure
Awesome Perks! In addition you actually get to work on real projects unlike many internships similar to it.
- High salary - Free barista - Smart people
Great work environment, great product
Good pay, benefits, and free food.
I was at Google for over 10+ years and can’t say enough about what a great company it was to work for. They have outstanding benefits, pay, culture and opportunities for growth. While there, I felt the company lived by their motto, “Don’t Be Evil” and later “Do the Right Thing.” It wasn’t a marketing tactic, it was how they conducted business. Companies continue to try and model their best practices.
Good work and challenging projects.
-Free food (snacks and cafes) -Massage chairs
It's Google. The benefits are great. The people you work with every day are incredibly smart. The environment can be an addicting place to work in.
everything is good at google
Great team, high level work output, very principled
- Quality team members - A lot of different projects to work on - High automony
Great culture, pays well, balanced.
Great company to work with
Love this place so much
scale, impact, tech, fun, people
Great food and perks!
Because it is a wonderful global company
Very transparent company despite its size. Managers and colleagues help with your personal and career growth.
Great colleagues, focus on work life / balance, perks and salary.
Innovation opportunities to learn and grow
Nice work environment with good mix of people
Overall, an unarguably fantastic place to work.
Great culture, amazing career opportunities, super interesting projects
Great team culture, love the place.
Great opportunities for personal growth
Great work environment, can work with many talented engineers.
Relaxing working environment, pets allowed.
ceo, work life balance, projects
Good working environment, flexible working time
Perks perks perks perks perks.
People are excellent and most have good intentions. Company has ambitious objectives and has grown remarkably. High quality senior leadership.
Massages, Perks, Food, cutting edge tech
Smart, collaborative people Good salary and benefits Welcoming culture
My dream in one time work in google and you gave me chance am try to best for google
Diverse culture and set of opportunities.
A great program to start your CS career and highly recommend any college freshman and sophomore to apply.
Great attention to employee needs and happyness. Work with best and the brightest. Very positive attitude at work, openness and all voices count when it comes to company prosperity.
Great place to work! lots of brilliant people and free food
Perks, intellectual atmosphere, salary, google brand.
Tons of opportunity. Great people. Excellent perks. Fast-paced and autonomous.
New technology are show in here and ,career apportunity is succeed in google
Cost or budget is never a concern.
Great culture, offices, benefits, people.
Love Marketing so much an have willing
Great people, interesting work, great office space
The place on the planet to work
There are pros to working at Google - it looks great on the resume because of its history, it is a known quantity in the industry, performers get a lot of stock, it's not yet an antiquated giant (but moving in that direction pretty fast.) , generally people are friendly (lower the level, better the people - the opposite is also true. Higher the level, worse the "Googleyness" of the people)
You get to work for GOOGLE. That's a lot to tell
Interesting work, great company to work for
They offer great free food.
Compensation, benefits, and autonomy
it is a good place to work
Filled with extremely smart and talented people. Several projects are ambitious and try to solve the bigger picture. Tons of perks. Inclusive environment. Freedom to choose what one wants to work on. Variety of things available to work on.
excellent and benificial for evry employee
The people. The perks. The overall atmosphere upbeat and forward-thinking.
Possibly a growth company but financial problems create much uncertainty
A consequence of the crazy hiring bar is that everyone you work with is very smart and you can rely on your teammates to get things done.
Super smart co-workers. Good work life balance.
Everything is great and I liked it very much
Excellent people, interesting work, free meals, amazing benefits.
In addition to the amazing perks, Google was a really great environment to learn - there are tons of really smart people you can learn from.
I don't know what to say...probably everything.
Food, training, people, location, experience.
- Outstanding benefits, competitive compensation - Big focus on employee well-being and happiness - Great internal culture - Fantastic food, and 3 meals a day offered in major offices - Beautifully designed and fun offices - A huge amount of trust is placed in employees - Extremely transparent company - Managers aren't overbearing on things like work hours—a lot of autonomy - People are candid and direct at all levels without being rude - Challenging and interesting work - Tons of resources available to grow and learn new things - Google has a ton of money and is able to throw lavish events for employees - Google does actively try to be a good citizen in the world - Upper management takes employee concerns to heart and actively tries to address them - Working at Google = people throwing themselves at you to offer you a job
sense of community  opportunity for career progression
Working with brilliant people, being a part of an org that's in hypergrowth
Has a great company atmosphere
Smart & hardworking teammates, perfect work-life balance and great benefits
Amazing perks atmosphere and chances to grow
good culture but it's good
Good work environment for all people
Pay, work life balance, team placement, relevant to the field you’re working in even if you’re just a freshman/sophomore
The perks. Working with smart people.
Friendly environment, great benefit, great career opportunity
Great people, decent culture, good pay.
Competitive perks and pay, great work life balance
1. I had great managers (their managers though.....eh) 2. pretty good micro-cultures 3. free food 4. free transportation (if you're full time) 5. free classes (if you're full time) 6. lots of pto (if you're full time) 7. you work with some of the best and brightest 8. the networking post-Google is pretty amazing 9. you work with some very proactive people 10. lots of social opportunities 11. WFH whenever you want (as long as you're full time)
Amazing perks: Food, massages, you name it.
Great benefits in the office
Very wide range of opportunities to work in.
Innovation Problem scale Great people Work life balance
The food is good a lot.
close to home and steady
Cross talk is excellent industry leading
Solid engineering practices, respectful colleagues, great benefits, and amazing free food.
Benefits. Co Workers. Experience. People. Shuttles
Good company to work and learn
Smart coworkers good benefits lots of respect
Fun, fast paced, good amenities
Interesting stuff going on in the company, really high comp, good work/life balance, nice people
Good working environment and facilities are awesome
Just ignore this guys. Stupid website.
Great perks, overall great people to work with. Open culture.
You are working with some of the smartest people. Great Perks and Pay Love the atmosphere
This team has the potential to be best they can be but they need to get out of their own way with their egotistical know it all attitude.
Obvious, offices, perks, most of the people
Company provides great benefit package with lots of time off.
Vibrant, extremely Inclusive and competitive.
Good people. Benefits are good
Fun, Great People, A lot of career options
Free everything, food lunch, and amenities
Good people dream job good place
Work with good people Laid back environment Tons of benefits (free meals are great) Competitive compensation Solid internal products and tools
Opportunities to work on meaningfull projects, access to resources, access to learning opportunities, strong community
Very flexible working environment and friendly people to work with.
Good food. Great people and culture
Great working environment and people
Great people, nice environment
Awesome job, nothing to complain about
benefits, smart people, lots of interesting areas to work in
Good pay and perks, respectful and friendly coworkers
Google is a great place filled with idealistic, smart people.
Work is challenging and enjoyable
Comp is better than other places.
1/ Compensation & perks: you get well paid, especially given the growth of the stocks you get. Gym is top notch, on site medical center, free food, etc. 2/ They deal with personal problems great: when my dad was sick and passed away, i had virtually unlimited time off to deal with it, no repercussions. Same goes with maternity leave: i have seen countless women being promoted during the leave based on their past performance, their job is safe. This is the way it should be. 3/ You can built whatever career path you like providing you flight for it. 4/ the company is as healthy as it can get, unlimited potential. 5/ You can move all over the world
You would be employed here for life
Benefits: 401 (k), Health Insurance, etc.
It is a great company to work for because it is a technology oriented company.
Great benefits. Smart people who are willing to help you.
Hard working people, productive group
Work with very smart people
this is a good place to work for because everyone know it.
Salary, Culture, Food, 401k matching, Insurance, Perks
Easy to understand the material
great people, great learning opportunities, plenty of interesting roles in the company, ease of changing roles
The salary and benefits are top notch. There a lot of amazing Googlers as well. The people are what make the company great.
Free food and a nice gym.
They have good free food
Strong commitment to employee growth
Good life-work balance and values doing right thing.
A lot of talent all around, very inspiring.
Terrific mission. Inclusive culture. Great management. Ridiculous benefits and compensation.
perks and utility works just fine, if you like the free food and stuff
Cutting edge company, intelligent and friendly workforce, excellent salary and benefits.
Too many positive things to say about the Google Artificial Intelligence team. But here are a few worth mentioning:  The artificial intelligence team consists of the smartest people in the world. Everyone has a PHD degree including the security team, coders, program managers, product managers, marketing managers ...etc. Everyone understands the mission of innovation and to be the dominance force of high-tech industry. Management has the hands-off policy so that we are free to move in any direction we want. The artificial product is not bounded to any rule or guide. So we are free to create.
Great people and engineering culture
Super smart people, access to amazing tech infrastructure, ability to deploy products at massive scale
Great place to work for
Incredible people to work with, meaningful projects, and a lot of room to grow technical skills
Google pays very well, only to be beat by Facebook (or so I've heard).
Good! Nice! Free Food! Wonderful
pretty really relly good food
The people are very nice. the dress is casual. the cubicles are quiet. The food is good. A fun place to work.
Good people and work environment
It is a good company to work.
Big 4 tech company, facebook and google best
The food, benefits, and work autonomy and responsibility are amazing. I love everyday of work.
benefits, time, vacation you can work on what you want
Good food. Great work-life balance. Projects are interesting.
Work with smart, talented people. Most job levels provide a degree of autonomy. Challenging the status quo is expected and encouraged.
401k, many projects, free food
Everything is great as known well.
technology and culture, smart people
The best work environment I have ever found myself in.
Good environment, room to grow, training, good managers,
good people and good beneift
It's okay here, good benefits.
you can take your work at your own pace.
great food, great people, no bad bosses
It’s good but not a great place to work.
Extremely fun and low stress. Excellent pay. A little too good actually.
Culture, benefits, smart coworkers, many opportunities...
Free food not to bad
Amazing culture. They treat employees very well. Very democratic.
- Great culture - Great mission - Fantastic colleagues and lifelong friends
Wonderful place, very smart people. I have been working on the google cloud team and I am loving it so far. It feels like I'm back in college and I'm working with my best friends :)
Great perks, great food and 95% of the people are very friendly. Google seems to really care about the employees and their happiness . They also are big on recycling and taking care of the planet
great package, great work culture, growth, leading technology, futuristic outlook
Perks and benefits are great
Good benefits Relaxed atmosphere good pay good coworkers
- You can learn technologies - Work with super smart people - Often ability to craft your own role and experience - Develop deep expertise
good place to work for me
Smart people, lots of opportunities to work on a variety of technical projects, great culture.
Googlers are great to work with, the company seems to care.
Be happy and smile life is short
The companies culture is amazing.
easy, leisure time, high salary, flexible working time
Access to the larger Google culture and benefits -- gyms, food, campus benefits, etc.
Brand name, Perks, Founders, Company Growth
People, Free Food, Alot of upward mobility
Friendly, welcoming atmosphere to work in.
Great food, great ad platform.
Great pay, perks, people, projects
Free food, smart coworkers, and lots of room to learn as a SWE
Good attitude hard working envirnment
Benefits, Salary is pretty good, Good co workers, Free food
Free food, innovative people, and flexibilities.
The tooling is incredible. For example, you can make a change to the compiler, libc and your application logic all in the same change list (the equivalent of a commit in Git) and get that change integrated into and tested against the entire Google codebase.  The technical depth is fantastic. The place is full of thoughtful people that are happy to lend their expertise. Overall, everyone is nice and smart -- not a combination you find everywhere.  Despite the size and maturity of the company and its products, many new and significant development efforts are afoot, engineers are encouraged to think boldly. Google is not afraid to rebuild things, even very fundamental things. And because everything is generally well tested -- automated testing is big here -- huge changes are landed all the time with few regressions. I can't go into specifics, but the amount and scale of ongoing changes is extraordinary, much more than you would expect at an established company. And I'm not even working on the hot new things like AI or Android.  Technical leadership runs very high up the management chain.
well balanced, good job in general
Pay and other benefits you get
Perks and benefits, free food and gym
Continually impressed by the opportunities and value
Everything is good. 401k match, vacation, interesting work and the list goes on...
Challenging work with opportunity to influence major business outcomes.
Work life balance, benefits, co-workers, career growth, facilities
Free food is a good perk
Very friendly work environment. I was certainly treated well by all other employees.
Great culture, very friendly people
Great benefits and nice office space
benefits: free breakfast, lunch, gym + classes, dogs in the office, work from home or other offices, foot in the door to get Google on your resume.
Culture. Mission. Benefits. Responsibilities. Training. Proud to work there. Lateral career mobility. Can reinvent yourself several times if you want. They truly try to do no evil.
Food Offered on site, great Coworkers, overall good Culture.
Free food Google campus atmosphere Bright, friendly colleagues (when you aren’t working directly with them!) Salary
Great work environment, great people, great flexibility.
The pay is pretty good
strong compensation packet, high mobility with the company that gives a lot of opportunities for growth
Strong training and development for career advancement
good atmosphere overall good job
Awesome benefits. Good peers. Great projects.
free food, healthy culture and environment
Food, rich health benefits, fair pay, dogs in the office, Innovation, lots of things to work on.
Working with some of the most intelligent/capable minds out there  Fantastic benefits and perks  Flexible work environment (at least in some roles)
Great food and environment. Nice perks.
Smart colleagues, diverse areas, good perks
The people. I'm the dumbest person around. So much to learn every day! The products. Every problem is a big problem. Every product has tremendous potential. The impact. Everything needs to be moving Billions (people, $, etc). The potential is incredible!
free food, free gym, and free snacks
very fun place to work and creative
Work with great, smart people
Great place to learn and succeed
I could be of great yse
Learn more than absolutely anywhere as an engineer.
Best Teaching Job in America
everything is a pro for me at google...it was my dream to be a part of this organisation..i love it!
Good people good food good times
- The compensation is good. Medical, dental, vision coverage, 401k matching are all pretty good. - Lots of perks on-site. Snacks, hot meals, gym, etc. - Talented and supportive co-workers and team mates.
Decent pay, great way to elevate career. Perks of Google
Everything in the environment is fun, everyone is nice and helpful, there are experts on every field imaginable and are happy to assist and have time for you
great benefits and environment to work in
It was a great experience and I had fun
Great and smart people. Awesome perks and benefits.
treat employees great, lots of fun, good food, super smart people
This is a fast paced environment with a great team across the country. You get to work with cross functional teams to gain an understanding of every aspect of the company. Everyone has a different background that develops a well rounded team.
Great company to work with. There are opportunities to learn about process and multiple roles. Its a fast faced environment, things change all the time.
Free Snacks and food. All employees are great.
-great pay, benefits and perks -interesting projects -lots of career guidance and mentorship
--Dynamic --Cutting edge --Large amount of accountability and responsibility
Food, 50% 401k match, good (not great) pay, solid equity (not FB equity but good), learn great skills, some really talented and fun people are your coworkers.
Great learning opportunities with a good work/life balance. Everyone is passionate about what they work on.
Great benefits. Flexible working hours. Transparency.
Great culture and fantastic people.
Good culture, lots of very smart people to work with and learn from
Everything- the perks, the people, just everything.
Great Company to work for.
Great environment. Very smart people. Beautiful spaces.
Really smart people, doing cool things that matter
atmosphere is great and good pay
Fun and flexible with free food and good benefits.
Great team culture and perks
Open environment, fair performance review
Founders still participate in running the company and share their vision
The best platform in world and hope get learn and work with your customers
Great culture in the company
Highly Compensated, Great Perks, Awesome Coworkers
They take good care of employees, great insurance, free food
Still rocks after all these years
Good salary, good people, good environment, good work-life balance.
Great place to work and terrific people
the pay is just amazing
Great Company overall, some areas of incompetence.
High pay, liberal culture, smart coworkers
Infinite opportunities to learn and grow as fast as you are willing to in all kinds of fields using best technologies in the field. Amazing, fun culture who helps each other learn and succeed.
Excellent developer tooling, great benefits and perks, smart people to work with, and great work-life balance.
Amazing place to work, grow, and make a difference. Being surrounded by the best of the best within the industry helps stay motivated and push the limits of what you can do. Leadership are thoughtful, caring, and effective.
Great and smart people, great learning opportunity
Good work environment, great peers. Excellent benefits and compensation.
Good at solving technical problems Works hard
Get to work with incredibly smart people
Good salary. Free food. Name recognition
Snacks, pay, money, friendly staff
Chill environment, free gym/food/anything you want
large company with smart colleagues
great benefits, perfect work-life balance
Can't get enough coding done
Very innovative and entrepreneurial. Great infrastructure and tools. Awesome perks. Healthcare is unbeatable.
I can't imagine not working here until I die
Strong engineering culture, excellent peers, lots of learning opportunities.
- Free food - Great co-workers and support team
Awesome, lots of perks and bonuses
I love every bit of working at google
Excellent pay, benefits, high caliber peers
Great health insurance plans, especially its HDHP called gHIP. Great 401k plans, which allows you to do "mega" backdoor Roth conversion. Great little perks here and there: internet reimbursements, mobile data plan reimbursements, gym reimbursements, free collision waiver for (personal) car rentals, free meals, etc.
Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
Working with top talent - both a challenge and learning opportunity - and making huge impact to the society and industry.
Google has many perks that are great for the employees, such as food, gyms, fitness classes, baristas, shuttles, etc. You work with very smart people who are driven to do great work.
Google ONBOARD member and Software engineer
smart people, leading in the industry, at the heart of tech innovation, great benefits, inclusive culture
- The people - you really do get to work with some of the smartest and most driven people in the world, who are also genuinely kind and eager to collaborate. I've made lifelong friendships with so many people and will take these relationships with me wherever I go. - The scale of impact - every now and then I'll stop to consider the number of people the work I do has the chance to impact and it's staggering. Google does not do anything small - it's go big or go home. - Continuous learning and development - the g2g program encourages googlers to be constantly learning and growing. I love that there is always some class offered that you can be taking to grow your technical or soft skills.
Money is really good lol I like that
Smart people, flexible hours, independene
You work with some of the smartest and nicest people I've known. Managers care about you as a person, they'll try to help you if you are feeling down or if you are struggling for personal reasons.
Really cool company to run.
Good technology company with plenty of opportunities to learn
My favorite part about working at Google was my colleagues -- the people I worked with were brilliant, thoughtful and so much fun. The benefits and perks were top notch as well.
Good environment, like the working space and stuff.
impact driven and really inspiring peers
Benefits, Pay, Culture. Incredible products that are driving positive change in the world.
You'll work with some of the smartest people in the world. Most Googlers are pleasant and very professional.
Nice, friendly place to learn new skills
Great perks (especially the gyms, food and 401(k) match), smart and knowledgeable colleagues who share info, varied technologies and projects
Great work life balance. Great food.
Good benefits great people learn a lot
Friendly environment that was great to work in
It was an alright job
- Great benefits (food! good health plan!) - Fun culture (memegen! TGIF!) - Smart and passionate co-workers - Many pros and cons depend on your team and direct management
good experience and was challenging
* Co-workers are great and you learn
Love the people, perks and how Google takes care of their own.
Great culture, free food. Can't really beat those two as a combination. Excellent career growth opportunities
Really nice training from all your coworkers
- Benefits and perks are great - Pay is good once GSUs kick in - Career mobility is pretty good if timing is right - Very open and collaborative environment for most of the company
good tech company in terms of reputation
Google is a super nice place to work
-Food -Perks (discounts, travel, massages) -Great coworkers, truly love spending time with them every day
Excellent compensation and benefits, definitely better than most large tech companies if not all.
Such bright and charismatic coworkers. Loved the opportunity to move to different roles.
a very great environment with compensation
Love the amazing perks, mostly how the food keeps me going each day. My most beloved perk.
Awesome perks, great pay, engineering-driven culture, great in-house tooling
good comp, good benefits, smart people.
The food is free and good.,
Great employee satisfaction at Google
Everything you've read about online (especially food). Free gyms, bikes, everything you will need
Good social events, free food, interesting project.
Friendly people, always on top of things. Great management.
great company and great people
Lots of Good food, some good perks
- Flexible schedule - Good pay, esp. with RSU/stock plan - Good for starting your career - Ability to move around within the company
Great people, great perks, great senior leadership
there are no pros unless you like working for free
Great bonuses, healthcare, and free food
pay, health care, benifits, exposure
Great perks, work environment, pay.
The opportunities and perks are abundant, not to mention the option to move offices or positions within the company. The most up to date technology and the onboarding is amazing.
Great benefits and good perks.
Compensation is comparable to other companies, such as facebook and amazon.
An environment for growth, and project ownership
Great environment and awesome colleagues
- Smart and talented team members - Ability to work on variety of projects
That snack machine was lit
- Impactful work. - Great caliber of talent. - Great job perks
Freedom to work on interesting projects Good benefit package You get to solve unique interesting problems
I absolutely loved working there!
I love how Google has great 4O1K matching, paid vacation, and free food.
Very supportive environment and great perks
Pay Rate, Stocks, Food, snacks, tools
Amazing people. Full autonomy.
Smart people with outstanding track record. Always fascinating stories and learnings
Working with great people on a daily basis.
Perks, healthcare, location, weather, always be happy
Benefits Salaries Workplace Company prestige talented engineers
Great perks such as parental leave, PTO policy, 401(k) match and on-site restaurants. Base pay can also be attractive.
pay, working hour, people, technoglogy
perks are very nice at google
I very much love working here
I thnk they train very well
Nice working environment to work
Immediately write code that is used by billions of people every day---code that is run millions of times a second. It's a prestigious job that looks good on a resume and opens doors
The scale of the infrastructure to index all things available on the internet are incredible. Push everything in computer science to extreme. Have infinite number of interesting technical problems to pursue.
good at all the palces
good benefits and decent salary
it is a very nice place to work
Almost everything about working here is really awesome
Great Pay for position I was in
Lots of food and mini disneyland
The company radiates positivity. They do an excellent job of outlining our company-wide mission, and fostering employees sense of personal responsibility to execute on that mission. The famous (or infamous, depending on your perspective) perks are just as enticing and rewarding as the hyperbole surrounding them.
It is cool to work there
Great perks, great WLB, amazing people, collaborative, flexibility to switch roles, exposure to all the cool things the company does
Lots of learning opportunities at here
The benefits, food, people, and the work itself is great!
I mean, it's Google. Strong teams and opportunities, constant growth. Crazy moonshoots.
high compensation and excellent management
salary is very competitive compared with other companies
Great people, lots of room to grow, great perks
Its a great company to be apart of
Very friendly culture, reasonable work life balance, great benefit, more respect on engineers than managers.
The perks for the employees are amazing
Innovation, culture, colleagues , perks, compensation
Very good colleagues, benefits, and so on
High pay check and bonuses and you get to wear jeans
- Extreme care for employee mental health, and preventing burnout - Top 10% of the market compensation and perks - Lots of exciting projects going on
Good work. Good culture. Good salary. What else do want?
Great place with huge investment being made in technology and people
People, free food, on-site gym&fitness classes, stock, bonus, internal tools&resources
its cool they have really nice tech
- People - Projects - Perks - Impact
Working with brilliant, respectful people Even the smallest projects have enormous impact I feel encouraged to work on my own ideas Easy internal mobility Lots of transparency
The environment at Google is catered to the health, happiness, and wellness of the employees. Google spends many man hours asking what could make the employee's lives better, then implementing changes as necessary. At this point, they've got it down to a science.
good comp, laid back one
Great company to work for! Everyone is motivated to succeed.
Culture, perks and tools and infrastructure.
You can't find a more well-regarded company that actually deserves the hype it gets
Fun, enjoyable experience with highly motivated people
Everything is awesome in this company
The benefits are great at this company
Working at Google is truly amazing. The best people, perks, and awesome company culture with lots of opportunities for growth.
Great people, big dreams, and a lot of free food
Great community of innovative thinkers.
Lots of new technologies to work on.
Best company to work in
Great food, especially in Kirkland and Seattle.
Great coding culture and amazing teammates
Incredible work environtment, challenging business problems and amazing teammates.
Work lift balance. Nice gym.
Good salary but growth is hard with competition
Perks like free food, reduced price massages onsite, fun activities/fitness classes Smart & Talented Co-workers Fast paced Opportunities to work on projects outside your role
Love Google - the culture, the people, the products.
Impressed with the openness and diversity of the company. Surrounded by smart people with different background but full of great thoughts. Great place for career growth.
Amazing culture! Great mobility and development opportunities. Join us!
Excellent compensation for high-level employees.
Great colleagues. Great perks. Flexible working hours.
Awesome perks. Smart and highly motivated people.
Big name company, smart and talented coworkers
* Work with incredible technology * Interact with truly brilliant and friendly coworkers * Good pay * Decent work/life balance * I look forward to going into the office nearly every day
Products with real impact. My managers were between a little distant/irrelevant and active advocates for me navigating the bureaucracy. Co-workers were generally very competent engineers who really tried hard to do the right thing. Engineering tools generally work very well. There are loads of nice benefits.
Great company, made lots of friends
You get a bigger picture of the project and get to work on great technology
good pay and good food.
Good Work Enviroment, Good Managers
Good pay and quality people.
Comfortable working environment, i recommend
nice office/work environment
Great company, mission, and leadership.
Lots of opportunities to find interesting work. Great people to learn and work from. Very self driven.
smart folks, great technology, good work life balance
Very open and entrepreneurial company culture. A lot! of motivated people who put a lot of effort to perform well in their work.
None. It was not a pleasant place to work.
Great professiona development Smart people Constantly changing
Perfect company. Sometimes too needy.
Benefits are very generous Some of the smartest people in the world work there Individuals can make a difference Multitudes of opportunities for personal and professional growth Some of the hardest problems in engineering to be solved
good work environment and nice campass
Work - Life balance, compensation, people, leadership,
Google has not been for nothing won the title "Best place to work for" for many years in a row, it matters, especially if you are there for a few years.
Good benefits. Survivor benefits and 401k is great
Smart colleagues, great benefits, focus on the user, high impact projects
cool problems to work on
rewarding, benefits, food, close distance to where I live, training
Company has good diversity and friendly atmosphere. Also has excellent benefits.
product focused, both all smart people.
great company, social environment enjoyable
Hardware is growing fast and lots of opportunity
Great Perks! Great food, nice gym, on site medical, the SF office has amazing views and is a great place to show off to your friends and family. Plus it's Google, which everyone has heard of and respects.  The pay is as good as anyplace I have ever worked.  Mostly good coworkers: smart, hard working, motivated. But see below.
great people, great pay, love it
Love the salary and perKS
Great people to work with
Positive Tech culture still there Benefits, pay and equity Flexible schedule
This is the best company
It was a very welcoming environment
Loved the office culture, excellent salary, and good location.
Good benefits and culture, interesting work and peers
Getting a job at Google is a dream for everyone, here there's lots of techy people around me, so I've been more happier and I love working here...
- Smart, passionate colleagues - Reasonable work/life balance - Change to impact a lot of people - Amazing salary and benefits
Best Company to work for.
Smart people, fun environment, decent pay
Great events, food, gym, perks etc
Really great place to work!
Great culture within the workplace
Workload, benefits, environment, people, lifestyle, salary
Google is an excellent place to work. I make a very high amount of money as a Senior Chief Director and it allows me to use it for good things.
Very exciting to work with such ambitious and intelligent people on lots of cutting edge developments.
Great opportunities, culture, benefits, food.
Work environment, challenging projects, awesome peers
free food, free gym, free massages, free everything. I really like it here so got no complaint whatsoever. keep it up! They should build some new buildings.
Kind people, great passionate engineers.
perks, interesting work, great environment
For the sixth year running, Google has landed the top spot on our list of the country’s Best Companies to Work For.
Cool I like dont change please
Impactful work, autonomy, colleagues, perks
Campus is a fun place to be, because of the wonderful endless perks. Everything you need is here, from bikes to doing your laundry. Some of the people are very nice too.
Friendly staff Not much else I can say for pros
Flexible time, good work life balance, easy to transfer from team to team. Lots of locations. Lots of perks. Good opportunity to learn and grow. Good chance to change the world.
plenty of research to do
high pressure, schedule is close
Great colleagues and tough problems
Turns life all the way around
Work life balance, great work.
Pay, benefits, great ability to network
Free Food. Very smart people. Open / casual culture. Great buildings / work environment / app support
It is a good company, you need to be workaholic.
Good salary and benefits. Google has an unwritten ethos to make the world a better place - not just "Don't be evil" - and that feeling is shared by most employees, who will complain to management if they feel that isn't happening in the context of some new decision.
Looks to be a promising job, good salary and benefits
Great salary, perks and overall culture for those who seek to work at a large company
Benefits, salary, stock, smart people, innovative, big budgets, exciting team to be a part of, company is investing heavily into the Google Cloud org.
An ambitious company with exciting lofty goals making a positive difference in the world which provides the opportunity to work on really interesting projects with exceptional people.
Solid infrastructure, access to world class resources, smart people
Career progression, perks, competitive salary, start up environment.
great company, management, prospective, future
The information and pace is incredible.
Great perks, autonomy and smart people to work with. Nice modern offices and new equipment to work with.
Many internal learning resources and well maintained documents.
Culture, people, perks, access, benefits
Challenging work. Excellent perks. Great brand.
High impact projects with billions of users makes the work feel more rewarding. Nice work place culture, and competitive pay and benefits.
It is a good company
Learned more in one summer than in college so far
very nice and motivated people
Great benefits and super smart people to work with.
Competitive salary, ability to work remotely. Its Google!
The culture is great. Everyone's opinion is taken into consideration.
Great culture, benefits, work environment, food.
Great for people who makes big talk but can’t get anything done.
Supportive managers, friendly colleagues, flexible work hours, good facilities, nice food
Google knows how to treat its employees right. The perks are amazing and the managers are not breathing in your neck
Amazing people, open & collaborative culture, cool products, and a company that is making a lot of positive impact in the world (not just $)
I could go home at any time.
It was a good environment to work in.
- Work with genuinely smart and creative people - Beautiful offices, delicious food - Great benefits and healthcare - Lots of learning available through talks, programs, classes - Great deal of transparency across the organization - Room to take risks and propose initiatives to receptive audiences - Candid and honest communication from c-level leadership, including acknowledgement of mistakes
Work culture, people, access to resources
Great place to work ...
They care about you, your development and also your family. They one of the best people to work with
None that I can think of
Autonomy to problem solve and think creatively
A lot of great free food. Free gym and activities. Good name for your resume.
- fantastic people - products that truly have and continue to change the world - reasonably humble senior management
Entrepreneurial for a large company
Be involved in the forefront of consumer technology. Perks.
Great perks, fun teammates, exciting company to work at
Wonderful and free food, nice gym, rock climbing wall
Free stuff and great benefits
Smart, driven, self-motivated, yet humble and nice people. Truly a wonderful, collaborative place to work that takes good care of its people and is having an impact on the world.
+ Great fellow Googlers to work with + Focus on delivering results + It's more than just work + Growth and innovation mindset + Serious about diversity and inclusion
The people can be the best in the world -- I loved every team that I was on.
Culture, perks, benefits, work-life balance, peers
Great company to work for.
Salary and the office atmosphere was great
I've met and worked with lot of talented and very smart people.
It's google, you probably already know everything there is to know about it already
Unrivaled developer tools and fantastic coworkers.
great colleagues, limited crunch time
creative. freedom. edge tech and amazing work space
Amazing company, great culture, loads of opportunities and brilliant people and great perks.
Open-minded, challenging tasks, smart people, flexible
I really feel that it's an excellent place to work (as evidenced by the growing tenure of the staff). Great perks, a good work-life balance, smart people, respectful culture.
Yeah your work also the money could be amazing but also your learning a lot of about things in this world nobody else would of known till they read it
As a software engineer, one reason to go to Google is because they have some of the most impressive software and hardware infrastructure in the business. How do they manage to answer any question you can think of in under a second? How many computers do they actually have? How can you possibly manage so many computers? What does it take to run security for them? If you work there, you can (eventually) learn something about everything. And with hard work you can have a huge impact on this amazing system.
good pay with awesome benefits and pto
Good work life balance and good comp
Best place to work in USA
Nice work culture, good pay and treatment
nice company and fantastic team
Benefits were really great ya
Great business model Innovation Great people to work with
Great culture, get to work with smart engineers
Perks are great. Smart colleagues.
the people are great, fun, and always energetic. I never thought I would be in such a high position for such a great company.
Good pay at this job
Great Purks!!! Things have changed in the industry and you’ll never get the same from any other company. I’ve worked for others and I’ve seen things taken away to control expenses.
Great perks, internal transfers to different locations are a great option to have available, you can bring your dog to work.
Absurdly good benefits Flexibility to choose hours (depends on team / role)
Working with a lot of smart and talented people. Great benefits, a lot of possibilities to move around within the company. Cutting edge technology. A lot of freedom about what to work on.
Software engineers are only respected @Google. It is engineering-driven company. The perks are amazing including free breakfast, lunch, an dinner every weekday. Bonuses and equity grants are great for SWE or higher level L5+ in non SWE. Work life balance is great.
Great culture, perks and benefits.
You should try to Work there
Great atmosphere, excellent compensation, highly recommend
Very nice benfits and perks
Works to maintain an inclusive environment, great benefits
good comp plan and good benefits
Salaries and benefits were good.
-Lots of Transparency -Great culture and perks -People you work with are rock stars
Good work culture and environment. Lots of employee freedom.
Nice pay and smart people
The reason why I enjoyed working at google so much is because of the friendly people. They are the best to work with. Such a great ethic.
work life balance is very good here.
- Many smart people - Intriguing challenges - Decent salary
Smart passionate people, interesting problems
Amazing tech, probably the only place you can reliably not deal with unreplicated infra. Push back on engineering is legit and regularly practiced almost to a fault. Worked with some of the smartest people on Earth, the smartest ive ever met. Just ridiculously huge scale, sre culture is strong if you are in the right places
Company Products & Overall Company Culture
Loved it. Great time. So fun.
seeking a good job with that in a good environment and good pay within the city's locations hopefully soon as possible.
If your manager is good, and you and he (mostly men) are favored you'll.go far
really cool environment. Have fun while doing it.
Great work-life balance. Very diverse and great culture. Many opportunities to explore..
yes very nice co-worker and staff
pay culture free food overtime
Free food. Free gyms. Cheap shuttle services. NETWORKING.
- Google, the entire company, the entire management chain, understands software development. This is beyond amazing. They invest in top-notch tools and very smart people. Most companies build technical debt that eventually cripples them, but not Google. Google has built an mountain of technical capital. - Management doesn't micromanage. - The stress, from what I've seen over my year there, is reasonable for most people. - Google is really good at work / life balance. - Moving between departments is easy. - Google management is open and receptive to internal feedback and criticism. - And you can't write a review about Google without mentioning the perks - amazing!
Google is becoming "Digital Management Consultancy" leader which is super exciting Work towards Asian markets, which changes constantly adding variety
I learned a lot from my colleagues the 5 years I was there. Everyone is very intelligent and generally great at what they do. Google is constantly pushing the envelope in every way that they do things, and there is a lot of tolerance for taking risks. Still remarkably transparent to employees despite its size (70k+ people). They also try to keep the environment fun. They aren't afraid to give large responsibilities to relatively young people (i.e. in mid twenties). Most large companies wouldn't trust young people with the same scope and impact of work. Very easy to get interviews with other companies once Google is on your resume.
Great benefits and healthy nutrition options
There is a variety of teams to choose from. Flexible work hours and free food. Opportunity to make good connections. Very easy to switch teams.
Love it, everyone is what and friendly
Free food is good and great colleagues go a long way.
Compensation, work-life balance, and career opportunites
Great place to work if you are a young, single, male software engineer.
* I'm sure a ton of other people have talked about this but again, perks are awesome * They attract the best people because they are one of the best, and they make sure to invest on their employees we can continue being at the top * All you can learn, there are classes on everything that's hot (not just in tech) + the 20% time off is a great way to learn
Tons of smart people amazing infrastructure
The amenities, benefits, and work-life balance are great, and my projects are fairly interesting.
very good benefits and balance
Massive scale, huge opportunity to have impact. Smart people all around. Focused on what's best for users.  Sundar is a very strong CEO.
the job was paid well
Food and snacks are very tasty
perks and environment were great
Free meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Perks like food and gym are great. Very friendly coworkers. Good work/life balance at my site (you can turn phone off at shift end unless you're on call)
Get to working with great and smart people. Great benefits and salary.
+ Kind people + Interesting projects + Transparency
Free food, great opportunity to switch careers
Great workplace, good perks, interesting projects
It's Google, the stories are true.
Depends on your team, but good work/life balance. Good perks.
Great company with amazing perks
Company takes very good care of their employee's. Customer friendly company who prides itself on creating the best products in an innovative way.
Excellent pay and benefits with a fun work environment
There are a lot of talented people.
You can learn a lot from them.
Smart people. Laid back work environment. Lots of perks.
We started JAW with the principles of building long lasting and tight relationships with our clients and workforce.
great place to work super energy
Perks are decent, Buses are nice.
Organized, Productive, Well-Managed, Perceptive, Flexible
Great workplace and incredibly fun
Great benefits, great projects, lots of perks, great internal mobility. Awesome health insurance, 401k. For a software engineer, the choice of project team can be mind-boggling and excitement & learning can be had in every corner of the company.
Change the world, value employees.
The perks are so nice.
People are helpful. You can start working on the first day since everything is well prepared. You can come to the office 7/24.
Good perks, brightest people I've ever met, nice offices.
good to talented pros
- Leading researchers and engineers in the field - Great Food - They haven't lost their talent
Great product, lots of upside to the business
I enjoyed the snacks they offered.
Great work environment for all. Very transparent company.
Instead of googling what you're curious about, you can just ask one of the other employees.
Good company and lots of experience
Decent (but not leading) compensation. Well known perks like free food. Some talented coworkers.
Fantastic benefits. And at work you're treated like a human being, not a cog
Free food and great compensation.
smart people around you, well compensated, always something new to work on
Safety first in all we do, personnel valued over equipment Teams of brilliant people working well together Resources usually not an issue Outstanding employee benefits packages and insurances
I work at Google so that is pretty great
smart coworkers and nice management
Well organized company - you only focus on the things you ought to do and others will do the rest for you.  Very relaxing working environment.
Virtually unlimited resources, many companies under the same umbrella, possibility to work on a very wide range of fields.
Inside google, it very very easy to change projects for whatever reason as long as you have been in the current team for more than one year and got no performance ratings of "need improvement".
Google in general is incredible - great benefits and I do believe they build some of the best products out there.
Culture, food, co workers, management
Free food, good benefits, smart coworkers
Products, Work, Worklife balance, Benefits, Offsites.
lots of benefits out of college, good salary
Lovely place to work, great people, great bosses, great food. Intellectually stimulating, and a lax working atmosphere. Would do again!
Kindergarten, lunch and dinner are included
Awesome place to work in
Relaxed work environment / Food and Tranasportation
perks, smart people, great location
good food, good enirvoment and good people
Culture, people, perks, resources, office
Lots of fantastic perks - food, snacks, good benefits and STOCK! Smart co-workers who constantly reset the bar for excellence Inspiring work that ladders up to a greater "social well-being" cause CLients will take meetings because of the company name
Good culture especially collaborative and supportive team color
Perk is good, 410K match is good
- Truly makes an effort to take care of their employees - Innovative culture continues even with all the growth - Plenty of freedom to take on what's passionate to you
Company culture, benefits, people, avenues
Amazing people to work with
Lots of Smart people from various places with different background, open culture, dynamic work place, diverse and respectful of different opinions,
Collaborative culture, smart and intelligent colleagues, freedom to work on your passion.
Impact the world with your code, awesome meals and an endless array of other benefits, usually somewhat laid-back work atmosphere.
People, clients, experience, culture & benefits
Company genuinely cares about career growth for employees. Can have interesting projects to work on. Excellent infrastructure and processes for software engineering. Great perks and compensation.
Great people and free food
Smart people, great company culture, still lots of room to grow and lots of exciting projects.
Great culture and work life balance
+ Career opportunities + Work life balance
Great place to work at!
Many smart, passionate co-workers. The perks you read about - food, flexibility, gyms, massages. The Google name holds a lot of weight when you want to have a meeting with any partners or vendors, or want to go to a conference.
Benefits Access to resources to complete a job Creative minds
It is a great company to work for. There are many opportunities in different parts of the organization.
Amazing culture. Brilliant coworkers. Lots of food.
Smart co-workers, Incredible opportunities, Generous benefits
Innovative, flexible, entrepreneurial, learn something new every day, great and smart people, opportunities, mobility, and some really great leadership
Reputable brand, Great people, flexible schedule, financial growth, recognition and promotion opportunity with ongoing development.
Flexible working hours, relative easy to switch to work on interesting projects.
Good culture and innovation , scale of the problems.
All good really. Best pack in the bus.
Employee benefits. Great peers. AI
Best company in the world. Doing awesome work.
- Great compensation and benefit  - Lot of internal tools and documentations  - Smart colleagues  - Easy to move teams within company
very good work life balance tech is very sound
nice benefits, friendly employers & supervisor
When I was at Google, the company was growing rapidly, and I was able to grow with the company. I was quickly promoted, and benefitted from having a lot of senior, experienced people to learn from. I got to work on products used by billions of people, which is an impact that few other places can match.
You'll be surrounded by very bright people who are well intentioned, and they will assume you are well intentioned too. You will work on cutting edge project which may affect billions of people.
Great perks good pay and benefits
very good environment overall
great company to work for.
It’s totally fine here okay
High impact and interesting work, at least in some parts of the company.
- Excellent culture - Intelligent and friendly colleagues
very good if you are mark
free showers and food are pretty nice
it's google, you can go anywhere after. free food.
-amazing work life balance. WFH optional no-questions-asked Fridays, in/out times totally flexible -no micromanagement, manager isn't even on the same campus -great pay -most benefits extend to contractors/temps (like myself) -Great healthy food options
clever people, free food and gym
Many resources available to you
Great work life balance here
It's Google, that about sums it up.
Great culture, benefits and employee growth opportuntities
work life balance, team work, communication, opportunity for success, team building
Good work environment, fun to work at
Cool place to work temperature wise
perks, pay, people, flexibility, technology
Great place to be at.
good compensation with all kinds of perks. Also engineering center culture and a heaven for software engineers.
Free food, good culture, good engineers, good management
company has many growing opportunities in new products and initiatives
Great work atmosphere. Look at other reviews :)
Great benefits and company culture
Peers are very nice people. The technology is fascinating, the best build and review system ever, and data query tools to die for (dremel, googlesql).  Food is good but fattening.
Amazing perks, world class talent, great company culture, above market compensation.
Yes, it's bigger than it used to be. But for its size, Google does a great job of making you feel empowered and like your work drives actual human impact.
Salary, Name, Brand, Experience, Promotes from within
Great culture, challenges and people
Very smart people and ambitious projects. Google provides pretty much the comfiest lifestyle you can have.
Learning opportunity, network, perks, industry growth, insight
Better than most companies in the valley
Nice work life balance and great benefits
- Great people - Interesting projects - Transparency - Stable - Work-life balance
good perks, good life balance
Great perks. Forefront of growth and technology. Work with motivated people. Surprisingly high compensation. Ability to work on very interesting projects.
The people that work at Google makes coming in everyday enjoyable. Folks care about their work and are very self motivated. Google also has the resources to try new things which is great in staffing.
Amazing benefits, pay, and people to work with
Amazing people to work with
great company to work for
Tech first company w/ incredible eng values.
Great work life balance! Great benefits for employees.
Great culture, great opportunities for development as an employee
The work environment challenged me intellectually.
Great benefits, challenging work, world class peers
Very supportive community to be a part of.
very good working environment here
Awesome place to work , teaches you a lot and helps you build your career
- Great People - Compensation - Good Perks
Build things nobody else can build at a scale beyond anything else
Has really great and innovative team.
Best company to work for with great benefits
My work got to be seen by people all over the work
loved it the work place
Open, honest, collaborative, non-hierarchical culture. Google trusts its employees to do the right thing. TGIF town-hall is an awesome way to learn what others are working on at the company.
Good company to work for, good benefits!
Great Benefits, Compensation and above all people!
good hours and good pay
Wonderful people, smart and driven.
Flexible schedule with ability to learn new skills
Great place to work at
Fantastic company, great people and perks and competitive salary.
fun and flexible and friendly
Most people are friendly Good work life balance Nice pay
its ok to be awkward
It's a company that knows everything. They can search everthing. Wow
Management, Work Environment, Benefits and Salary
good company good product good people
Benefits are great. Culture is still great.
Good environment and people Free food
Work, environment, people, talent around you, work work work!
The income is good for hardware engineer, nice people work around
Free food and flexible on campus schedule
* Making products for Millions to Billions of users. * Making a big impact through products * Google is a very big company, but you feel the ownership of your product in your team * Competetive salary * Life work balance with great benefits
Always challenging. Working with very smart people.
The best thing about working at Google is being surrounded by wicked smart, highly motivated people. Things move at a very fast pace and the benefits are excellent.
Great benefits, good snacks, excellent co workers and fun games
What they say is true. It's a great place to work. Compensation and work/life balance are excellent. Colleagues are top notch engineers. Decision making is mostly sound.
The best technical people, striving to do things really well. And with lot of resources, you can do it. If you want to learn from talented people and do things better this is a great place.
Open environment where all information is available to employees and there is a sharing and caring mentality
Really like the people and culture. The location is great and I am challenged.
amazing opportunities and technologies available
It's good place and salary
Great wages and people who are passionate.
Great company lots of benefits
good to work at DC office
- Good benefits - Great learning opportunities on the tech side - Beta testing software
great company culture and good people to work with
Very comfortable, smart people, good products
Best company to work for
This is a great company.
Free food, very nice facilities
Really fantastic work environment for developers.
good company, lots of room for improvement
it is good place to work
Nice food Nice culture Nice team Nice project
Still pretty open and transparent despite the size of the company. Has some great visionary leaders and effort span across multiple areas. Huge investment into the future. Company culture is still great. Amazing people you will be working with.
Good Employee Growth for newbies
Incredibly smart and engaging group to work with.
Challenging work life, deep client exposure, high-caliber teammates.
Great benefits, atmosphere and culture.
Good good and work rthic
Work can have a big impact, working with competent people
It's google, so its going to be a cool place
Good benefits and work life ballance
Learned a lot, good culture
great culture and office perks
good payment it was very good communicating with the department especially it is free to enjoy your work like and balance
really awsome company with lots of benefits
Great job experience and room for professional development
Fun, good benefits, lots of opportunities.
super, great company, free working environment
Very good healthy care insurance policy
in general lack of hardware experience
Fair pay, good benefits, upward mobility
Great development company to work for
Great company, great benefits, great management
High Pay Good People to work with
great and fast and awesome
Awesome place to work at.
The benefits are great. Working in teams is really inclusive. There are really brilliant people willing to work with you.
Great benefits, international company, challenging tasks
Good free food and beer
Great benefits and facilities. You meet a lot of cool people.
- Culture - Quality of management - Autonomy
Smart people, good pay and benefits
Loved it lots of great people and learned a lot
The culture and people are wonderful. The perks are as great as advertised. Chance to work on products that impact billions of people worldwide. A great jumping off point for a career in tech
Great benefits. Fantastic and talented co-workers.
Good and nice environment and nice place to work as well. Need to figure out how to date work and balance
Food! Work Life balance. Perks Fun as hell
Smart, collaborate coworkers and management that's invested in supporting career growth exploration and opportunities.
Very laid back environment where everybody is incredibly smart and always willing to help
Great culture, incredible environment, friendly and brilliant people
Culture, amazing people managers, flexible, no micro managing, freedoms
too many talented people around
Good benefits, friendly working environment
Enjoyable and exciting developments in new fields of technology.
The work time is really flexible and peers are of vigority. Definitely a workplace you wanna sharp your skill and realize inner value.
Extremely conformable work environment Colleagues that are smarter than you
The environment is good and work time is flexible.
Lives up to what you have heard.
Best Talent around you, Constantly challenged to do great things
Excellent Perks Working with great minds
Choose your project, make impact!
diverse teammates, flexible schedule, interesting projects
You're surrounded by the smartest people in the world, creating the future. Open, transparent and inspiring culture. Amazing benefits.
Work with motivated, extremely competent people, great compensation
The company really cares about employees.
To work with Google for environmental development
Very nice and always happy to help
It's awesome, I had a great time and greatly enjoyed my work.
This company works with you. They train you, every step of the way. They care about their employees, they listen to everyone. I'm very happy that I sent in my resume.
Lot of great opportunities with smart people.
Huge revenue impact, unlimited resources if you build your business case
Very good and fill five words
Perks and benefits cannot be beat. For the most part they hire really amazing managers and employees - super awesome people to be around. Plenty of opportunities for growth and development
Very Popular, Friendly Staff, etc
You are accompanied by some of the most dedicated people in tech
Great work environment and office life.
*Food is good *Environment is nice *Can learn so much from the huge codebase
Loved every minute of it
Good culture, lots of room for growth
Great team smart people and free food. What's not to love!
cool company to work at
Good compensation and perks are offered.
Good job experience. Definitely a resumer builder.
really good atmosphere and environment
Project is well defined, conversion to full time is possible
Smart coworkers and convenient environment
Very smart people, amazing benefits and working on really cool problems. People are willing to try new things and not afraid to fail.
All the perks you can think of.
Smart people, lots going on
Google can meet 90% of your needs in life. Food, shelter, salary, play time, etc.
Very enjoyable, great atmosphere, talented engineers.
Smart people, good money and food.
Pay, perks, the company genuinely cares about people
Good vacation, fun people to work with
Everything is good about google
Great place to be alive
Great benefits. Fantastic name to have on your resume
Great perks and very interesting projects.
All the great things you have heard about Google are true
Great Company to work for.
Interesting work, many different things to work on
Good infrastructure. Flexible work time. Nice people
Talented colleagues, progressive environment, great perks, can-do attitude, challenging assignments, lots of room for self-direction, and frequent opportunities to improve the world. Mostly transparent leadership.Truly was an honor to work there.
food, reputation, salary, benefits,tech, money
smart leadership, navigation through different career ladders
Great Flexibility to manage your own time
They have great Flexible hours. Very good work life balance. It is not a stressful work place and coworkers were great
Free food, good management, cool technology
Benefits Perks Offices Opportunities for interesting work in various areas
Food, health care, and people
It's the best company to work for
- Extremely supportive management, both for career development and for personal concerns - Regular 1:1s with Team Leads and Managers so you don't feel isolated - Peer bonuses and public kudos systems that encourage cooperativeness and helpfulness - Project-based work that gives you a feeling of ownership of your work (and pride in your work) - Good, respectful coworkers who are passionate about their work and care about doing things well - Managers and Team Leads who try their best to give you projects you're personally interested in whenever possible - Useful and constructive performance reviews with self-assessment questions and peer feedback (encouraged to be constructive, even when critical), which both encourage cooperativeness and offers a structured opportunity to reflect on one's career with the help of teammates, TLs, and managers. - Amazing educational benefits (they cover 66% of tuition for anything related to your work)  I've been at Google for 2.5 years, and I'm genuinely excited to go to work on Monday mornings. I feel energized after meeting with my manager or my team lead, and I learn a tremendous amount from both of them as well as from my teammates. It's actually a lot like being in a PhD program, but getting paid 5x more + stocks + great 401K + bonuses + not worrying about future employment.
Excellent workplace and onsite services and benefits. Working on important products that provide real benefits to billions of people. Generally smart, motivated, and well intentioned co-workers.
Thoughtful coworkers, mutual respect, endless growth opportunities, always forward-thinking.
- Learned a lot - Nice people - Free food - Office dogs!
Benefits are good. Free food, health care, etc.
Google is a great company, good people, and interesting technology.
- innovation everywhere - smart people - good perks
Overall experience was great. Well treated employees
Great perks, great mission. Ability to do 20% projects.
Its a great place to work with great people
Great Associates and HR communication
You can have great impact to the world.
Love the people, the benefits, the salary - everything! Best job EVER.
Hundreds of projects if different areas, everyone can find something cool to work on. Very nice coworkers and atmosphere, challenging tasks and opportunity to make huge impact.
- Tons of opportunities for career development - Great support from managers and co-workers - Positive work environment - Amazing people to work with - Plenty of room to transfer to a new role
Great company, open culture, people are really nice
Very good working culture. Friendly people. Good work-life balance.
Good pay, good benefits, great social distractions.
You get to work with incredibly smart people on big problems.
- lots of opportunities to grow and learn - great coworkers - beautiful working environments - amazing pay/benefits/perks - good job security
I want a secure job and I want do work in Google. I want everyday new ideas and challenges.
Good pay. Hours go with the pay. Easy job.
Great company culture and people.
- work with very smart people - work on some interesting problems - good opportunities to grow professionally if you take them - good comp once you hit certain levels
Very flexible and relaxed workplace. As long you get your work done, there are no hard deadlines or people looking over your shoulder.
Engaging work, great culture, and very good benefits
-Cool company culture. -Free food. -Fun activities.
I really enjoyed having strong product leaders and mentors to learn from. They were diligent in teaching me the ropes for how to write good PRDs and crafting user requirements.
Strong company with plenty of growth capabilities
Google truly is a flat company that values the opinions of its employees.
-Cannot find better people to work with. -Company culture stresses on respect, diversity, inclusion, and making a difference wherever you can. -Benefits are amazing, taken care of in every way.
Great benefits, good work culture and peers
Very collaborative work environment, easy to work across teams. Very collaborative work environment, easy to work across teams.
being a googler comes with many perks
Easy to move horizontally Great benefits
Perks Culture Humane approach to parental leave
Good, fun, clean, good pay
the work life was awesome so many ways to relax and be productive
Can gain knowledge from skilled workforce
Work with lots of smart people
Most advanced techs, free food
Extremely intelligent and competent coworkers, exciting products, great management, amazing perks (insurance options, food, discounts on almost everything), opportunity to travel.
Great company with excellent products, high ethics, employee benefits, pay. Managers are rated on employee satisfaction, so pay attention to this. Coworkers are very smart, generally pleasant, and good to work with.
Fun culture, easy to move around company.
Very competitive compensation Diligent performance review process Relative transparency into diverse business operations
Learn about big data and massive systems. Surrounded by smart researchers. Shuttle for commuting.
Interesting work and good pay.
very good benefits compared to startups
The pay and benefits are good for an entry level position. The stock is what keeps most people there. The work is pretty easy.
lots of benefits, good pay
great employees good culture big scale
Generally really great people, compensation, and perks
Salary is competitive compared to other companies for software engineer.
it is a dope place to work
food, colleagues, pay is very good
Good perks, salary, bonus, smart coworkers, very liberal and open minded, lots of activities and opportunities to learn
Compensation, vibe, culture, projects, location
My Co-workers and management were awesome.
Great perks, Great people, Flexibility
I am so glad I was hired here.
Everyone is smart, humble, interesting, and interested
Great people Good mindset Interesting challenges Good food Good work life balance Good 401k match Stock doing well
Fast paced, exciting culture. Inspiring mission - to improve the digital divide and increase internet speeds to foster innovation. Sharp, talented people.
High pay (six figures) after being there for four years. Upward mobility if you are good at your job and a self-starter.
The environment is really great. Free food and flexible work hours can't go any wrong. You get to meet a lot of talented people as well.
Very good working conditions, free food on weekdays And a rising salary based off of years at the job
Ample opportunities to work on impactful projects in areas of your interest. Great benefits overall. Flexible hours. Largely fair promotion processes.
great benefits and free stuff with lots of freedom
Very flexible schedule and nice people to work with.
- very innovation focused - great people to learn from
Google is Google because of the people you will work with.
great management, great perks, interesting job.
Good pay and lots of benefits.
Excellent benefits, challenging work and fun/collaborative culture
Google is still probably one of the best places for a new software engineer who wants to work for a large company in her /his early career to experience how a large leading software company make things work, and to experience the pros and cons of working in a large company.
Great experience, Great pay, Great Benefits
Wonderful benefits and perks, smart colleagues
The campus is really cool
- work with smart, kind, driven people - interesting work & awesome products - great work/life balance
Excellent benefits and co workers
- Interesting, cutting edge issues. - Amazing benefits and perks. - Co-workers who become your best friends.
Very smart, engaged employees. Lots of productivity and ideation - all the time. People really care about the company, as well as the culture (and about being good citizens of the world). Great offices and perks.
The smartest people I ever worked with.
Many smart people to learn from, competitive compensation, chance to work on big projects.
Amazing learning opportunities if you are willing to spend the time looking for them.
Awesome, Awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome
Good people, projects, and perks. Happiness is valued.
great work life balance. Very good benefits, most folks are nice. There are people who pay attention to the small details.
Get the summer months off
Free lunch, good benefits, great vibe,.
- Great vision - Foundation layed to take care of Employees - Amazing Founders -
The Culture is Amazing. I love the people that I work with. Lots of opportunity to work cross-functionally and wear different "hats"/learn new skills. Amazing ability to network with other google employees and learn more about google as a company.
Great company with fantastic benefits
Great experience, benefits, and colleagues all around
Good environment and great peers. Good work-life balance.
Great company to work with. Intelligent peers
Great company, great/ smart people, great working environment, great pay and benefits
Opportunity to work with incredibly smart and talented people.
Looks great on a resume. Having worked at Google opens many doors, and there are lots of opportunities internally. Compensation & benefits are top of the market. A majority of coworkers are smart, talented, well-intentioned people. Gyms, exercise classes, music rooms, language programs are amazing.  Go into it realizing that even though it's Google, it's still a huge corporate, lead by
Excellent infrastructure, smart coworkers, Google values its employees
Nice people with great culture
- Free food - On-site Gym - Everyone will like you more because you work for Google
Where do I start? From the culture, to the perks, to the resources, Google is an amazing place to work. This company is the definition of innovative and I can't wait to see what the future holds for myself and Google.
Google is pretty good, dude.
Good growth perspectives. Interesting work. Good pay in many offices.
Love everything about this company.
It all depends on your immediate workgroup but overall, the culture at Google is amazing as advertised. Collaborative, super bright people, and a come-as-you-are attitude. I felt like I was constantly growing.
- Google name, good perks and benefits, good base salary, nice offices
Good work environment. Great People. Good perks.
consistently great people to work with
Great food, gym w/ personal trainers, friendly environment
Met some great peers, really talented educators. Loved my students and their parents.
Strong engineering culture. It's hard to be completely miserable at Google. There is substantial diversity in terms of the type of work and opportunities to learn.
Opportunity to meet with an amazing group of interns. Most likely these people will be in your network for a lifetime.
This was a great company environment to work for.
Great food, perks, benefits, location
Great work culture , fun place with a lot of perks
You are surrounded by people who are at your level of thinking, who are very smart and push you to be your best You get great vacation time, food, and people
- Great Benefits (Meals, Transportation, Gyms, on-site doctors and physical therapists) - Great co-workers - Upper Management are real humans who genuinely care about others and get up in front of everyone every week and answer arbitrary questions -- you might not like the answers but the fact that they're even up there is still amazing - Depending on which area you're in but work/life balance is quite good
Great company culture along with all "google perks". Never micro managed and always aloud to voice opinions in team environment.
-Creative and intelligent peers -Breadth of project opportunities -Perks
Working in IT, Google scale is absolutely amazing. Ability to change nearly anything. Manageable beauracracy given the size of the company. Food. Benefits.
Challenging problems and great perks
Perks and benefits galore. Google has incredible health plans, retirement plans, and paternity leave. Coworkers are extremely bright. Lots of fun facilities. I prefer the flat corporate structure.
Getting to know and hear the stories of all the amazing people at IV. Meeting and building relationships with the families. I love being able to help and give back to all. Getting involved with doing everything possible to provide the remaining memories of the residents and families of IV.
Ability to have a huge real world impact Work with sophisticated technology Great benefits
Nice people, inspiring work, dry cleaning, massage, free food.
Great benefits, Google's mission, great coworkers, location flexibility with San Francisco office
Very good work environment all around.
Forward thinking/ innovative company that doesn't rest on its laurels Genuinely care about employees and translate that into real action Leadership is very transparent about priorities and challenges Comp is competitive and they have really strong incentives in place especially for high performers
Great company with many prospectives
Good payment, with food and stuff. Good place to go.
great learning opportunities, fun environment, meaningful work
Super fun innovative company to work for with endless possibilities to learn. Benefits are outstanding and really few companies can compare.
Free snacks, laidback atmosphere, some vacation time
There's no politics in office.
Great pay but rude coworkers with small brains
Great salary and benefits, would recommend applying
Free food, free stuff, free mentorship, a great place to learn as well as contribute.
Great Exec Leadership. Fantastic Benefits and Perks.
A lot of trust in individuals to do their job well, interesting projects that can have a huge impact on billions of users.
- Awesome coworkers. - Awesome leaders. - Great technical infrastructure. - Great vision.
Creative people, great campus and benefits, and I really love my job. The ability to work on multiple projects at once is highly desirable.
Flexible (Whether you work at home/office)
Good benefits and other products
-- Flexible scheduling lets you take care of things during the day if you need to -- Salary matches cost of living, so you can afford to live in the ultra-expensive Bay Area -- You get to learn new skills on the job since there are always training sessions available both in your department and in the company as a whole
- Great and diverse product set to work on - Lateral internal opportunities - Great energy - Highly motivated and intelligent peers
Great aspirations to make outsized impact in the world.
Flexible working hours, good benefits. Chance to learn new tech. Provide training opportunity. Some manager are good. PTO is good.
Flexible tasks, freedom/no micromanagement, food and great culture
Nice Environment, tons of new techs, can learn a lot
I can be helpful to the kids when their parents are gone and working out,also I can help the kids understand what it mean to have a healthy body.
Work on hard/fun problems, great colleagues.
Good for perks and work environment
Everybody is super smart and very nice.
-Great people -Fast-paced companies -Large scale projects
No real limits on what you can access, so can find yourself limitless in terms of hat you can do
Mostly good work life balance
Opportunities for personal & professional growth
- Great CEO and senior leadership team - Excellent company benefits - People are generally smart and capable and offer learning opportunities from collaborative - great tools and technology to work and execute fast
Food, coworkers, benefits, salary, location
Open, diversify, work with smart people and cutting edge technology
Benefits are fantastic medical dental 401k
Good work-life balance, and still growth room within some teams.
Free food. Flexible work hours.
Great perks. Company really values its employees. Good work/life balance.
Relaxed atmosphere. Great perks. Low stress level environment.
I would like to work for google forever
Good pay, good technology, free food
Great benefits such as extended vacation
Great culture and great perks
- Great perks - Really smart, engaged employees - Work that affects millions
Free food, gym and benefits. I like the fact there is a 401-k match. Quite a diverse group of people to work with .
cool stuff keeps happening. 20% and great ppl
The perks and benefits are great.
Smart and friendly colleagues Great opportunities to get trained to write solid code Perks are good
everything, work env, load balance
The best company I have worked for. The attitude flows down from the top. Everyone I encountered was respectful, friendly and incredibly competent at their job.
Very good place to work at, nice culture
Aren't we all know google is da best
Very good company with interesting work, good people and great culture and excellent benefit. I would recommend Google to friends
nice employer LOVE THE COMPANY
It's a good place to work
- Hours are quite reasonable. Working 9-5 is possible, especially if not prioritizing promotion. - Perks are valuable and make work environment quite comfortable. Having free meals and gourmet snacks in the micro kitchens makes working for other companies, even rich ones like Apple, unappealing.
FT. Competitive Pay. Great work environment, Considerable perks through Google.
Flexible hours, work from home
If you land on the right team, you will be blessed with world class colleagues and exciting projects that make going to work everyday so exciting g and rewarding.
Inclusive senior leadership and great ERG for LGBTQ folks
It's trust full and easy to work friendly environment. It's my dream to do work this environment
Gives you all the tools you need to succeed. Tons of opportunities to do neat stuff. Free food is totally amazing. Brilliant coworkers and interesting projects.
The work environment is sooooo amazing and they treat you with so much respect
People Food Massage chair Heated toilets Be part of a company that has so much impact on and in the world
Unbelievable, passionate team that gave me amazing experience. Was a very rewarding job.
The people, by far. The benefits are great too, of course. And there is kind of a "just get your work done" mentality, which means that there is flexibility with when and where.
Remember in college when you worked in group projects and there was inevitability always 1-2 freeloaders you resented? Those guys don't come to Google :) Coworkers are all extremely motivated and hard working. You almost never find that colleagues aren't pulling their weight, when given the right direction.
Splendid and friendly work environment.
great supervisor to work for
LOVE it so much. work life balance
Compensation is high for starting employees non engineer Food Friends Learning Support brand
- Compensation and perks are great - Company values align with my own (engineering excellence, improving the world, etc) - Extremely flexible work, both in schedule and picking what you work on - Interesting work
Google is so big and has so many teams that even if you get tired of one role, it's easy to switch to another role.
One of the best companies I have had the pleasure of working for. Fantastic environment. You are able to use your talents in all areas. You have room for promotion within the company. You are always heard and your ideas matter.
Amazing developer tooling - you don't know how good it can be until you use it  Practically infinite resources - There's an internal joke around "I just want to serve five terabytes" and "I forgot how to count that low"  Everyone isn't a genius, that's overhyped, but everyone's very competent
-Relaxed work environment -Interesting projects -Free snacks, free lunch -Occasional office activities -Extremely easy interview -Outdoor nature trail -Video games, pool table, etc.
Employees are treated great. Tons of benefits and outstanding compensation.
good work life balance interesting work leader in tech
Good campus and benefits available
Everyone here is really smart and capable. Lots of companies say that, but here it's actually true. The perks and benefits are amazing. Pay is competitive. Management is very hands-off - Engineers have a large degree of autonomy in deciding how best to accomplish something.
all we can do to make good
How many times can you say that you're part of an organization that is indeed changing the world?! That is what Google is doing. Although you are one of many, many and more than likely have virtually nothing to do with changing the world, it's fun to be part of history.
Well it's google. Working in product videos.
Environment was always a blast
food, coffee, gym, equity, offices
best team, environment, free food, culture
Lots of freedom, perks, food, friendly people, great location (feels like the whole city is Google).
Great benefits. Decent pay. Great name recognition. Interesting work. Most of the pros are related to benefits, which are still quite good despite a decline over the last 5 years.
Smart, fun coworkers. Challenging work. Motivating
None, everything is horrible at this place
Unless you are permanent absolutely none.
They have the best benefits of the tech world I heard and the employees make really great money I would work there after I get my softwares engineer degree
great benefits that I got to have
Cool project and good environment. Could learn a lot.
Surrounded by some of the smartest people. Work is flexible and low stress.
Great perks and fantastic people
lots of money nice stock options
Free meals, good pay, great office environment
Sure, you won't escape the occasional brown-noser or politics, but in terms of work-life balance, perks, compensation, and talent of coworkers, this definitely takes the cake. While I've been here less than a year, it definitely lives up to the hype. Since I'm in engineering, I'm not sure how I feel about the self-promo process. It seems to make sense on the surface until it's promotion season, then everyone gets super wound up and unless you're going to help them get promoted, don't even talk, look or walk near them. It's kinda scary. I'm sure that'll get looked at in the near future before it gets out of hand. Other than that, the food is great, i mean, it's free, so yeah, it's great. Bikes, chiropractors, oil changes, car washes, everything you need so you never have to leave the office. I love Google, so far. . .
Great culture, investment in employees, concern for overall well being and and very data driven approach to everything. I am constantly learning and surrounded by very intelligent people who want to help others succeed.
Very relaxing environment and has good perk. The pay is not bad. There are many interesting technology with comprehensive document that I can learn in the company.
Pay rate and growth opportunity.
Perks, flexible schedule, interesting projects
People, perks, salary, benefits. One of the top payers around and lots of flexibility in benefits and work schedule. Have had many great managers
good health benefit, flexible working environment and hours
It's Google. Free lunches. Not being evil. Makes the world's information organized, universally accessible and useful.
Great benefits, work life balance
Great people, progressive attitudes, awesome benefits
- Looks really good on a resume - Great pay
If a start up job is not for you, but you still want to bust at work and be supported through it and rewarded for it, this is it. Also, very few mediocre people.
Very employee friendly and dynamic.Great learning
Great pay, great culture, interesting work
I believe that Google makes the world better, by pushing the boundaries of technology and making information more accessible. I'm constantly inspired by the things that Google does. As an employee I have excellent benefits, compensation and work environment. Colleagues and management are generally positive and supportive. Plenty of opportunity for growth if you are driven, otherwise it's not hard to "coast" either.
pay is good. leaders have no experience which helps us relax and hang around.
I absolutely love it. The people are nice, the benefits are amazing, there is so much opportunity to grow, and no idea goes abandoned.
good work environment, flexible shedules
- awesome benefits - generous compensation - very smart people
Great people to work with.
Incredible talent and superb management support at all levels.
Google is a great place to work
Good upwards career growth potential
Pretty much everything at Google is amazing
Awesome company amazing people there
Great compensation & benefits Interesting work with amazing people Awesome problems and scale Treat everyone with respect and trying hardest not to be/do evil
Smart people, amazing culture, meaningful mission
good people, good times, good atmosphere
Great balance and exciting projects
Flexible working environment, great people, great perks, tons of opportunities across all types of disciplines... hard to get bored.
Great salary & stock options, decent food and other perks.
First off, you get to work on problems at huge scale. Even the simplest issues can become remarkably thorny and non-trivial at such scale. Second, Google has arguably one of the best developer tools in the industry. It helps you be many times more efficient than the average. Third, Google's hiring bar is very high, so your co-workers are often brilliant, and you are seldom slowed down by dependencies on other engineers/teams.
great amazing loved it superb out of this world
awesome , fantastic, enjoyed working
Super flexible working hours Good pay Do as much work as you want and get recognized for as much as you do
- High pay - Lots of freedom and autonomy - Surrounded by talented people - Scope: products that affect a huge number of people - Supportive, inclusive culture - Amazing perks (travel, discounts, etc) - Free food and snacks alaways - Engineering is the primary focus , so fun to be on the product teams
Very generous on compensation and benefits
- The compensation package is okay. - The free food is decent. - The benefits are above and beyond. - Lots of name recognition.
Nice work life balance. Great colleagues.
Perks are good. Salary is good. Diverse employees and all kinds of tech minded people.
It's well known that the benefits and perks are very good and that the company works on amazing projects.
Great perks, coworkers, and projects/tasks
Good benefits. Amazing tools.
Great company to work for. Awesome perks.
Great colleagues. Good to work with smart people.  Good employee perks like free good quality food.
Fun work environment. Good people
Bright, energetic people. Awesome workplace and perks. Great culture
Great culture, great management, interesting work
Great pay and quality equipment
food food food food food
Benefits work environment and overall good pay
Great culture Great colleagues Great benefits opportunities to expand/change directions in career
Great benefits package. My management was very flexible. My team worked well together. I would recommend Google as a wonderful place to work.
Talented people, hard problems, great environment.
All the usual and over the top!
- Great benefits like onsite cafes, # of vacation days, paternity leave - Great focus on employees and taking care of employee well-being and health - Surrounded by very smart (and humble) people, working on cutting edge things, and pushing the envelope - Very strong leadership team in Larry Page, Sergey Brin, Sundar Pachi, Eric Schmidt, and others - Great ethos - humility, let's change the world for the better, think outside the box - examplified by senior leadership - As a growing and innovative company, opportunities to work on many different things without needing to go work for another company - Great compensation package
Salary is fantastic for everyone.
Very good work culture in Google.
Google is a very fun place to work
Free breakfast, lunch, and dinner
The broader culture and opportunities are across Google are real and the culture is great in most places. Good embrace of the individual and solid equity. If you do start in Google Cloud, plan on making your way out of it to a more secure group within a . couple years.
perks, bennies, free food, happy hours, terraces
Incredible people, I'm so fortunate to work here
Good, I love Google, really fun
Everything was going great and superb
Great food and cafeteria is amazing.
Fantastic food perks and amenities like gym, laundry, etc. I'm pretty sure you could actually *live* on campus (unofficially) pretty comfortably, I know people who have.  Compensation is generous for employees, but be prepared to be given the runaround by your agency if you are are a temp, vendor, or contractor.
Smart people and good comp
Highly innovative minds. Great opportunities on technology.
This is a really good company to work for.
Culture is wonderful great workplace environment
We think by the same way and it's a gift from god
really care about employees, make you feel like part of a family
Company has a healthy culture. Relatively low stress & get to work on products used by millions of people!
Nice people and great free food
Amazing quality of talents hired/to work with/for Great breadth of job/career options Locations all around the world Great perks and lifestyle
Super intelligent, driven, friendly people. I learned something new every day. Great benefits and perks, which everyone knows about. And you're working on cutting-edge, industry-defining technologies, which is exciting.
Bleeding edge technology. Great co-workers, benefits, and overall pay/bonus (if you qualify).
People , travel and invention being able to share my ideas and explore new opportunities , meeting new people and exploring new things
Smart people, nice office, hard work.
Great culture and perks. Coworkers are often very nice as well. Also, there are a ton of tools and best practices they push onto you. Code quality is superb.
Great team and awesome work / life balance.
Excellent culture, benefits, company as a whole. A lot of companies care either about their users or their employees. Google cares a lot about both.
work life balance is a definite plus. good people to work with
Flexible hours, big thinkers, smart colleagues, great perks.
Best job I ever had!
Google is an amazing company with incredibly talented people and a great work culture -- seriously awesome in fact.
good pay, good O.T Free food, Car (Rental), Gas, Free Shoes (up to $150 every 6 months) paid travel, reward point build up(gas,hotel,air fair). Make your own hours, work independently.
great work enviroment and very felxible for materunity
really fun to work at Google, loved it there. all the people were nice
All the resources you can imagine. Amazing, brilliant colleagues.
nice food and facilities are awesome.
Products with amazing reach an scale.
Free Food. Near the Beach. A lot of other interns.
free lunches, free sport, flexible timetable
Great people, never met an annoying person. The social values of the company are great. Relaxed environment is a big plus.
Free food, great healthcare plan, lots of other perks
- Opportunity to work on meaningful products with global impact. - The company really cares about employees being happy, growing, performing. - You can move around to different teams, roles, and offices relatively easily to find the right fit. - Tons of employee development programs and perks. - Generous compensation-based performance. - Very smart, mostly well-intentioned coworkers. - Amazing developer tooling. I especially liked the internal code review tool. I haven't seen anything as powerful outside. - Google will be around for a long time and continue to be a great place to work and build a career. So stability, depending on your preference.
Google is great place to work
Nice perks. Low politics. Low pressure.
Everybody has a voice.
innovation, active support, good baance
Stable company, lots of innovation, and stock is growing
Great projects, great people to work with, excellent benefits, amazing perks. I especially appreciate the commuter buses which cover a very large area and make my commute painless.
Excellent benefits and perks along with room to grow as a professional
There are many many caring people that are passionate about how the company affects the world, and how their actions affect their peers.
benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits
Amazing work-life balance and ability to act autonomously!
Amazing benefits that I didn't fully appreciate while there...until I left and found out other companies don't come nearly as close!
Great culture smart people challenging work
Great Pay, substantial benefits
flexible, great people. Google challenges you to be your best
The company treats the employees as adults. Open and caring.
great convening power, whip smart colleagues
- Get to work with smart people - Perks - work/life balance
- Great benefits - Awesome people - can not say this enough! - Cool projects to work on
- Incredibly smart, inspiring people to be around - Culture pushes you to think big - Pay/Benefits top notch
Work is used by a significant user-base, millions of users
Innovative, Smart colleagues, interesting projects
You get a lot of sales experience. It's not shady sales. The community and office is great!
Lots of resources for career growth, personal development, and easy to switch to other parts of the company.
challenging environment where everyone is working together to solve problems
Good company good benefits nice
Google had a good salary, not great, but ok for the present market. It's a company that is flush with money so there are a lot of interesting things to do if you can get on the right teams.
- people & culture - scale of problems - comp
Highly competitive compensation and amazing benefits.
Free food Excellent People Good Mentors Great Opportunities Excellent Infrastructure Updated Technology Always Innovating
Great work culture and peers
Benefits are good, the company generally treats its employees well.
high salary, lots of benefits
Great benefits, friendly intelligent people, fun, high impact on the world, especially at the lower levels.
Smart people, great benefits, career opportunities
Free food Network of talented coworkers
Innovative New and Interesting and Fun
Great products and with massive growth potential
I have been in Google for 6 years, and it is really as good as people say it is.  - Culture: Very supportive and positive culture - Interesting technical problems - Smart colleagues - Nice perks - Flexible work schedule
Great perks, talented co-workers, world-class products and problems.
Culture, People, Compensation, Stock Options, Cool Products, Free Food.
Great work-life balance, showing initiative and leadership is welcomed and rewarded. Lot of freedom in pursing research directions.
Great benefits, great people (mostly), some flexibility, many opportunities to learn and grow.
flexiblility, work life balance smart people to work with and learn from
Great benefits, interesting and smart people. Freedom to take off and soar. Laid back culture.
good it is a very good company
Good environment and free food.
Dynamic and exciting environment, talented people to work with.
the environment is the best
Good benefits, lots of locations
I worked with a lot of talented people, which helped raise my own skills.
3P is awesome, People, Project, and Perks. You will work with great people, googley goolers, open-minded, well-disciplined, and wiling to take a risk and try new things! You will also work on cool projects that have impact on people's everyday life in the world. And great great perks will just follow. :)
- Get to learn a lot, not just technical things but non-technical things as well. For eg. how a company can keep growing and have culture to attract the best talent.
- Incredibly brilliant people - Exposure to great projects and opportunities - The perks (food, Google Bus, workout facilities) are as good as expected
Full of talented people. Good development environment.
I really enjoyed working with intelligent co-workers
Group Communication, focused, friendly, great office
Benefits, comp, autonomy, ability to change jobs internally
great work environment for most people
Fun enviorment, You learn a lot while you are there
Wonderful people, excellent benefits, and exciting work.
Flexible, brilliant people, high impact.
great people, great benefits, great culture, great products
Engineer driven space, excellent compensation, great perks. But most importantly the people.
Great work environment to be a part of
The benefits are amazing. Free food, free everything.
Good company to work for, great food
Smart people in all departments
They have free food, great bathrooms and other services that people in other companies would otherwise pay for. The work environment is positive.
Great benefits, work/life balance, culture is great
Incredible people, lots of flexibility to grow and challenge yourself
Research, Top dollar, Clever colleagues
Smart, motivated colleagues. Hard problems. Great perks.
Best company to work for in USA
Amazing perks. Improved work/life balance. Lots of internal mobility opportunities. Supports career/personal development with a multitude of internal classes and resources.
Wonderful work environment Work-Life Balance is given primary importance.
Great work environment Amazing benefits and perks Great people
Great Salary, Great Benefits, Free Food! Management really cares, Google really cares about their employees. Interview processes ensure that only the best people are hired.
* competitive compensation * lots of learning opportunities * inter-company transfers are possible for software engineers if you are not satisfied with the team or manager
Incredible talent, true collaborative spirit, obviously the perks and benefits are unbeatable. The culture is very flexible-- just get your work done. They do a great job training managers. This was my first time managing people and I felt I was given the tools and resources to do my job well.
very good love this job
Well known company. Some good infrastructure.
Best place to work and grow.
Great people in an environment that is fun and challanging
Great people, amazing offices, free lunch!
Interesting / challenging work. Smart colleagues.
Best environment to work at.
Decent salary, that's about it
Great salary. Great benefits. Great food. Great location. Some really great people.
Responsibility I was given right from the start to do what I thought was right, and support for it. Freedom to move introduce bold new ideas and rock the boat a little. The quality and level of intellect in Google was the most I'd experienced in my career (after stints in other tech giants). Being in the environment ups your game and makes you better.
great management. and the food is good.
When my former company was acquired, I was not required to interview for my job and there were no changes to my salary. Google is paying out my unvested options and RSUs and gave me a grant of GSUs to boot. This was all very surprising to me as I had less than a year of experience when the acquisition began.  Excellent professional development resources.
Benefits perks free food parking
Great group of co-workers, great perks, TGIF and memegen.
Food is great. The hours are really good as well.
+ Mutual sense of trust amongst employees -- everyone wants to be there + Wide-reaching, impactful work + Able to own your piece of the project, even at junior levels
Wonderful place to work - big, but worth it
Not a secret but Google continues to be one of the best places to work at. You will work with the world's best and have freedom to reach your full potential.
Good folks good money i RECKON. ,)
Really fun time in the office
you'll work with amazing and bright people they company is working hard to improve inclusion they have a commitment to diversity most of the senior leadership is filled with solid people
Great Place to work overall
Food is really delicious and healthy
Amazing, supportive management environment. Friendly, positive, smart coworkers and nurturing environment. If you're a hard worker you can thrive here.
smart peers, decent problems to solve, loads to learn, decent compensation, good perks
good technological company to work with
Entrepreneurial - able to drive what you are doing on day to day basis Responsible
Perks on campus and products we get to work on are awesome, but the people are the best part.
I get to focus what I truly love to do without worrying about politics.
Awesome culture! I love my colleagues, smart, competent and self managing. Great benefits and wonderful free food.
The environment and furnishings are fun and foster creativity
iconic technology company that has a brilliant & vibrant culture
Great place to work for both family and friends.
I liked the free food when I visited the main campus. Some of the people I met there were pretty good.
Great underlying mission, super supportive when life goes haywire, great resources.
Interesting projects, great perks and benefits, good pay, very good people-smart and easy to work with generally
1. Amazing colleagues -- not only super smart, but super ethical, and conscientious -- as employees and as human beings. 2. Great culture. 3. Amazingly flexible management that is second to none.
Can meet a lot of smart people and can delve into a lot of different areas.
-Great benefits (insurance, pet insurance, parties, testing new technology, sick leave, etc) -Interesting people
long hours and weekend work
good people, competitive pay, exposure to massive digital marketing product portfolio
Great people and meaningful work. (The food is good too.)
Amazing colleagues, transparent culture, some of the best benefits in the world, great pay, a culture of learning and improving, a culture of respect towards women, LGBTI, and other similar groups that can face discrimination, some very hard challenges to be worked on, opportunities for travel... I could go on!
smart co-workers transparency (for a large company)
It is a place that will truly challenge you and there are some great people who are trying to make a true difference. I leave knowing that what I worked on had true impact on others personally and professionally. I was lucky to have the mentors and champions I did.
It was Good working there
mission, culture, benefits, talent, scale
Awesome Perks, They really take care of you as en employee, A pride in working at Google
Excellent benefits, great culture and people. And you get to work on latest technology and products that impact billions of users!
Great company to work for.
Really easy going people. Lots of fun projects.
Great benefits Smart people Easy to move around location and positions Lots of great perks
Great work environment, great people
relaxing environment, nice pay, free food, growth
Great food and people and great food
Easy going Flexible team environment Fast learning
Lots of pros it is very goo, good paying job. Very fun and I enjoy it. Very good for someone that is disabled or something.
environment, work culture, and amenities
Salary is very very good
The campus is very nice. Great food, gym, and other recreational facilities.
good knowledge of teaching and strategies
Very prestigious company to work for
Best working environment and peers
- Great environment for learning. Sellers at Google are rewarded for big wins, strong performance, and innovative thinking. You won't see everyone relying on the same narrative or strategy to get things done - the most motivated and intelligent succeed. - Perks and culture. As a result of the success fo the company. There is a very strong sense of job security. Food and all of the other perks continue to lead the industry. - You will make some of your best friends here. Most people who get through the doors of Google are truly "good" people, and those who are not often find themselves getting 'managed out' in one way or another. - The SMB Sales/Google Marketing Solutions Org hires some of the smartest recent college grads for their entry level roles - great opportunity to hone skills and grow with the company. - My experience has given me great career growth outside of Google, and it is a great place to be at the forefront of the digital media industry and its future.
Apart from great perks, food selections and artsy features, the team I worked with was like a second family.
Work with very small people
extra money, stimulating and challenging
Exposure to google infrastructure, unlimited access to computing power. Can build crazy things, wonderful colleagues.
great benefits, lots of smart people, lots of scope for interesting projects to work on.
Great benefits, awesome co-workers, open environment, many people genuinely want to do good and be "Googley"
Amazing people to work with. Great company culture.
Best place to learn the cutting edge technologies and work with elites in various areas. Great mentorship and opportunity to observe the best practices.
awesome coworkers, benefits, and perks
High quality, intelligent people Laid back environment Work/Life Balance is sometimes in your control and how you set expectations with your clients
Amazing place with bunch of smart people all around
Good benefits even for interns.
Bonus, Benefits, Leadership, Work/Life Balance, Perks, Flexibility (schedule and role)
Innovative, fast paced, and world class.
The people really are the best part of Google
Perks are great, management is good at what they do :)
Get to work with some of the best software engineers around.
its a really nice campus
- Chance to contribute to open source - chance to work with really motivated and smart people. - get feedback from awesome mentors
They compensate well for hard work
Great products wide variety of customers and products to work on
Awesome office (in chicago), super smart coworkers, great pay for the area.
Great work-life balance and lots of happy hours.
Great perks, super smart colleagues!
Cutting edge, innovative work environment
Excellent culture, access to source code of most projects, open borders. You can work on virtually anything you find interesting, and job is incredibly rewarding.
good pay, good benefits, good environment, good time-off, good work, good boss, good ceo, good balance, good management,
Great culture, smart people, great leader
the pay is excellent and worthy
Competitive compensation, great perks, smart people
Excellent benefits and pay. Solid software engineering.
great environment, young staff, flexible schedule, good benefits, wide range of work
The perks and the benefits are incredible.
One of the coolest places to work
Challenging and fast paced.
Smart team mate. Good culture.
Organized, intelligent and overall cool place to work
It was so good you should apply
Benefits are very good too.
Good salary Comfortable office and great benefits Smart people around
Very smart people and very high density of smart people. So you don't have to find a smart person out of 10 in order to have your question answered.
money, advancement, free good food
great culture perks are unlike anywhere else amazing health care good salary
Free Food, cool bikes, co-workers were great.
Great perks. Smart coworkers. Fantastic offices.
Amazing people, great perks, thoughtful management
The compensation, benefits and perks are unbelievable compared to most companies this size. The work is interesting, challenging and appropriately scoped. Opportunities to grow and move around are easy to find.
great company, great food, great culture.
Great pay and environment. Great people
the free lunch was great
Perk is really good in addition to salary
Great hours, Flexible with school
Everything you've ever heard about employee pampering at Google is true, or at least it was when I was there. Food's everywhere both in micro-kitchens and awesome cafes. There is, or at least was, a culture of openness around code and planning documents.
Great things here! Only great things
Well what can i say! Its google!
Amazing, smart people. Incredibly inclusive work environment. Google leaders REALLY care about the great culture that brought us and keeps us here. Challenging work and smart people.
Very good company in general.
Good work-life balance for those who aren't extremely career driven.
What a wonderful company to work for
Great benefits, continuing education and training, open culture, great engineering tools.
Great people and interesting, challenging work.
Incredibly smart, engaging co-workers. Competitive compensation. Very understanding culture and no dirty backstabbing politics - people are nice to each other. If there are politics, they are usually the the extent of trying to shape a business or product a certain way, but not in the way of trying to get someone fired or steal their job or anything.
Can't beat some of the benefits
It's Google. Everybody knows the pros. They're all true. Free food, free full-service coffee bars, on-site massage, hair polishing, whatever. Lots of really really big systems to work on. You get to learn about some really cool stuff before the rest of the world.
Great Coworkers, Providing a valuable service to those who need it
Easy hire, friendly peers.
Everyone is so friendly there it's great
Google is one of the better companies to work for. The fierce competition for top engineers means lavish perks and excellent work conditions.
Great pay, benefits, fun environment. I had a fun time, and would definitely recommend that anyone who can work there, should.
it was great, ejoyed it
Flexible working hour is great for me.
Getting to be a content creator doing what I love is great. I love making vlogs and videos on my daily life and sharing my experiences with my audience.
great company to work for. Company values are outstanding, good work life balance
Great compensation and benefits
very nice environment, like a college campus
Great pay and benefits and a great career outlook
Talented, innovative, passionate colleagues who want to make a difference.
Free food. Bikes everywhere. Amazing culture. A good company to have friends.
intelligent people, great benefits, solid technology, innovative and open environment, good compensation
Smart and hardworking people all around you, interesting projects. Unparalleled level of technical support for any possible needs. Fantastic benefits. In the end it's more of a lifestyle than just a workplace.
Fulfilling work and opportunity to travel and represent your country. Gained important skills and training such as facilitating work shops.
Smart people, great benefits, strong mission
* Many opportunities inside the company * Nice to have on your resume
- Lots of on-site amenities - Good team - Working in the city is beneficial for being a part of the community
Compensation, brilliant co-workers, billions of users, free food. I couldn't imagine a better large corporate culture that still tries to be agile.
Great place to work at and I have worked on many companies.
free food and office is open 24x7
The company really cares about people. The focus is the stakeholders and the mission is the people. Work ethic is through the chart there.
Everything you can expect from Google. Good perks. Great company to retire in.
Amazing work environment and interesting people
Rich work experience in leading software projects. Great communication skills.
nice environment, smart people, big company
good work environment, and good perks
Excellent Brand recognition. Employees are treated like rock-stars by most people in the real world. A plethora of benefits, perks and competitive salary. Also, the opportunity to work with some really smart and driven people.
The open culture, smart people, great benefits, and all the perks make Google a great place to work. Generous vacation time, free food and coffee, gyms, and the ability to transfer internally to other teams, including at any office in the world, make for a very comfortable and flexible work environment.
Stable, many perks, good pay, many positions available
Great food, friendly people, beautiful campus.
Good salary rate per hour Flexible Shifts Uniforms provided by the company at non cost.
good work environment, smart people, great company
Google is not *perfect*, as all large corporations are subject to the usual laws-of-physics. But Google is reflective and conscious about its culture and trying to to the right thing, for employees as well as for customers. Googlers are easy/fun/motivated/good to work with.  Best of the big tech companies.
Lots of opportunity, a great culture, excellent benefits
Great perks. Great Leaders. Great work culture and clarity of purpose.
Transparency, camaraderie, career trajectory and opportunities, free food EVERYWHERE.
Fun to drive the car, and simple.
You get to work on cutting edge technology.
Best in the industry technology company Great team environment Good Perks
happy people, good compensation, perks
Perks are legendary Compensation is rich We hire phenomenal people Impressive (continued) growth Incredible brand name - excellent place to start your career Very inclusive
Good Vibe, (luckily) great team
Honestly, Google does almost everything within its power to attract and retain talent. Staff are generally paid well. Long tenure with the company generally means solid earnings growth. Benefits are great.
Union jobs, Open to most people in the bay area. Great opportunities for the younger adults looking for a job.
Smart people, excellent benefits, continues to push innovation
Google is full of smart, motivated people. lots of opportunity to be creative and collaborate on projects. lovely offices, excellent work-life balance.
Company culture is really a hallmark of tech. People are open to ideas and genuinely willing to help
great pay and benefits. lots of perks
* Working with and learning from top-notch peers. * Solving challenging and interesting problems that matter to people. * Salary, perks, and benefits.
Work with great minds and have definite opportunities to grow.
The lifestyle is amazing. I've met an immense amount of people, made new friends, and had fun. There is a lot of flexibility involved.
Innovative company. Lots of energy
I couldn't really have asked for more. I went straight out of college, ended up both challenged and rewarded, and only left for a startup because I thought it was a particularly unique opportunity, but not because I had anything other than good experiences at Google.
Extremely bright company all around
Great work experience and great perks for interns
- Give you responsibility - Lots of support
Work among very intelligent people, material amenities, over all culture that inspires learning and curiosity.
Food Wonderful and intellectual people Fun activities Amazing pay
One of the best there is, Innovative
They have a good workplace
The food, the food, the food. We are incredibly spoiled on the Mountain View Campus. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. This is a benefit that all humans take advantage of. In addition to this, the other benefits are no industry secret, on campus laundry rooms, lots of gyms, cars on demand in case you have to drive during the day, the list goes on.
Perks, and large scale projects.
-Great pay -Good work environment -There is good communication between different departments -Amiable relations between the different layers of administration -The management really does care about the quality of life of the people working there which in turn helps with the productivity.
Open-minded, relaxed atmosphere, involved, leadership
Google is a great place to work. With respect for individual and culture, you get to work with the brightest minds of the word.
Perks, great people, really smart coworkers!
High-impact work, excellent team culture, growth opportunities
I was a longtime employee who grew a lot. I loved the creative environment, working with smart people, all the perks, never felt micro-managed. I always believed the company was trying to make the world a better place, never doubted the mission.
Just awesome food and women
have Fun in the job
Everything you hear about in the news about the great work culture and perks are true. Additionally, you get a ton of autonomy/responsibility over your projects (assuming you continue to deliver to expectation) as well as flexibility to work in your own style (work hours, working from home, etc) - The people are great, super passionate and the smartest people I've ever worked with - Great food - Company truly cares about its employers inside and outside of work - Promo process is not perfect, but more fair than I've seen at other companies
Some of the smartest people you will ever work with. The perks do not hurt either.
Great perks and dynamic work environment.
1. Great people 2. Constant learning 3. Amazing perks and benefits: free food, gym, health insurance etc.
Too much emphasis on work life balance Can really make a difference in the world No wall street culture here Lots of time to rise up in the company
Innovative culture, smart colleagues, great compensation and perks, transparency of leadership and shared feeling of participation in business goals even in support roles, opens a lot of doors in other companies
They apply the scientific method to everything, from writing software to running the business to planning the lunch menu. The results speak for themselves both in these reviews and in their market cap.
Flexible work hours, exciting projects, brilliant colleagues. Good benefits and you get the big brand name google on your resume
I loved the culture and it was easy to manage work life balance
I like what I do, and have been there a long time
Great compensation, awesome perks, friendly co-workers, and a focus on work-life balance. You also get the prestige / cache / expense accounts associated with working for one of the world's most successful tech firms.
Pretty good pay. Great perks. Relaxed environment. Challenging problems, with scale and variety not available elsewhere.
Challenging, lots of smart people to work with.
Amazing place to work. Love it so much
Forefront in technology and tons of opportunities to get involved in
Great co-workers are awesome
Culture, people, openness, opportunities, values
You get to work on very large-scale projects and to work with really smart people.
great compensation, and it's amazing to work with so many talented people.
The food and onsite amenities like gyms, laundry, massage are very enjoyable and help employees feel more appreciated and more productive.
Really enjoyed working here felt that I always was encouraged to reach my potential and supported by my bosses. I would encourage others to work here.
Good Experience ad overall personality development
Good meals, big teams, great work-life balance, decreasing but still great perks, solid foundations thanks to early settlers.
Amazing atmosphere, great pay, great culture, lots of flexibility, etc, etc. Oh yeah, free food.
Best infrastructure on the planet, awesome computation capability
The benefits at Google are second to none!
They have an amazing management and incentive structure. Interviewing and promotion are hard experiences, but they ensure fairness more than any other company I've seen. Most people at Google really take "don't be evil" seriously, and try their hardest to do the right thing. You have an opportunity to affect the lives of billions of people, at least by a tiny bit. The development tools are lightyears beyond anything I've ever seen outside Google.
I was at Google for 2+ years on 3 teams. It's safe to say, depending on what team you're on, that'll shape your experience significantly. I did have one team I loved, one that I hated and one that was just ok so i actually a well rounded outlook of Google.  Pros is google overall cares for its people but it's the management that either keeps that up or messes it up.  You will work with the most brilliant people ever which is usually a good thing but it can also be a bad thing which I'll discuss below.  My work life balance was also dependent on the team you're on. On one team I could barely catch up and another, I was barely working 20 hours a week but did my job well.  Of course the perks are great so I don't need to get into that.
#1 place to work...for a white male. great perks, health care, 401k, fun events for googlers
i loved coming into work, ppl were great and the campus is awesome!
Great benefits at Google for sure
Tons of perks, and great benefits. Stock is a huge long-term value add. Lots of young, smart, motivated employees who can be great partners.
Perks are great. Get to manage and work on my own projects.
Overall it was a Neutral Experience
smart people, good food, good environment
Scope of work is like no other Awesome culture
Opportunities to work with brilliant minds. Team full of impeccable role models. Surrounded by ego-less, skilled professionals who also know how to have fun! All the famous perks.
Excellent culture, smart people and exciting company to work for.
Good opportunities and a brilliant conditions. I also like how Google work with interns ar high level.
Great company ethic, good perks, smart people
Great pay and perks Some very interesting projects to work on that can have a major impact Opportunity to improve yourself through training and interaction with world-class colleagues
Learning how to build data products
Love the company culture, love the work environment, love the vision and mission
Scale. At Google it is easy to find ways to have a deep impact on 100s of millions of peoples lives.
Great benefits Flexible schedule Smart people who can teach you a lot Great resources and training material to help you grow in your career
You are surrounded by Smart people who take the time to help. The company has awesome perks which are legendary and you get to earn a very competitive pay over a period of time
super cool working place and great team
Good culture, smart people, good opportunity
Even in that big size, Google still moves fast enough to deliver products. Besides, company goal of "Mobile first" or "Machine Learning first" really make the industry better.
Google is one of the best company's ever - the people make it the best place in the world. we far and away hire the funnest most inspiring people around the country.
Google has a plethora of opportunities for anyone who enjoys challenges, ambiguity leading to disruptive market forces and incredible rewards, emotionally and financially.
Lots of interesting projects and opportunities.
Collaborative atmosphere with a great deal of respect to lower level team members
Culture, We are changing the world.
Opportunities to enjoy perks and get involved with side projects. If you are looking for distractions, there are plenty ,-)
There is a lot to learn if you are new to the role in terms of Finance/Accounting.
Free food and nap pods aside, Google is an amazing place to work because of the PEOPLE.  People here are smart and you know that you can count on them. Makes you wonder why you would want to work anywhere else.
Good brand, deep pockets, pretty smart people.
This was a fun spot to work and I enjoyed every single minute. The people were friendly and there is a great team approach to all projects.
- Great culture - Smart People - Awesome perks
Brilliant opp for progression in the company
Good environment, Free international trips, best coffee served, female co-employers are so hot... if you are good enough you can have a really good time flirting with them and i don't need to tell you rest.
Awesome benefits you can read about anywhere, huge range of projects to work on, and good mobility between teams for when you get bored.
Unprecedented scale, supportive environment, great technologies and tools to leverage, and smart colleagues to brain storm and work with.
Work environment and work/life balance is great
Great work environment, with amazing people.
amazing benefits, international, super, duper
Good company to work for.
Incredible team mates make working there inspiring, challenging and fun. Team member employees treated contractors such as myself with respect and were authentic and appreciative
Very kind and friendly work environment. Google tries to make working fun and it sure is fun while there.
So many great perks and a great, fun culture that does it's best to keep you happy
+ product with high impact, with breadth of product across many domains + easy to move around within the company + very high-quality engineers + high transparency, openness, willingness to help other team, desire to do the right things
Amazing perks, competitive pay, cool work environment
Internal mobility in the company is easy, and there is a huge variety of teams recruiting.
My team was filled with smart, motivated people across many disciplines. We also had access to amazing resources. It was an engineers playground.
Get to work with lots of smart people Large scale problems to work on
good environment, people, ethics, all of that
Great Perks Talented Engineers Relaxed Work Environment
Perks such as free food, great retirement options, very relaxed atmosphere
+ People + Interesting advanced technologies + balance between work time and leisure time + they truly believe in their motto:"do not be evil"
It was cool to get free hugs from the hug therapist on site.
Fantastic people.opportunity to learn. Allowed to innovate and challenge the status quo.
Very satisfied by the work the company does and they provide gr8 services.
Everything is great at Google
The environment is good and lots of perks.
Great place to work! Had fun as an intern
The benefits and culture are a big plus. Work schedules can be flexible to accommodate long commutes and unexpected events.
It was a nice environment
If you're a software engineer, you're among the kings of the hill at Google. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused).
- Awesome work envoirment - Great intelligent people to work with - Great income with a lot of bonuses  Basically, Google was a spectacular company to work with and a great honor for me
Good culture, smart people, nice working environment.
- Awesome food! - Work with talented people. - High impact products!
Competitive pay, lots of free food and snacks, nap room, in-office perks
Free great food, surrounded by genius people, incredible working atmosphere, great for internship and for full time job, and it's GOOGLE!
Awesome good time. 10/10 would recommend.
Overall compensation, although it is getting worse and worse every year.
Great people!! Diverse projects!! Flexible according to employees needs
Well-known perks like free food, busses, new computers, etc. However, there are also better pros: - Google constantly tries to improve employees' skills, technical and otherwise. Of course, this is done entirely for the benefit of the company, but it is also useful for employees to build their resumes. - Internal tools and processes make it easy to get a lot of work done, and feel productive. - In some ways, the organization isn't hierarchal in the sense that you can ping/email almost anyone related to your work and engage in useful conversation, without feeling like a lesser employee. - Good weather in Mountain View, CA.
awesome people. founders still in charge.
-Fail fast, learn fast - Great and customized mentor programs -A lot of social, networking, and speaker series events for interns to grow and connect -Champions those who seek to do the extra mile
You will learn a lot as there are many people who are more talented than you. This can be very hard to find at times.
Great culture Good benefits (free food, shuttles, office space) Growth opportunities Flat structure Casual dress code Flexible work schedules Pet friendly
The opportunities for growth are great and the overall working environment is positive
Intelligent, friendly, and driven coworkers. Everyone strives to make this a better company every single day.
great benefits and fun culture
Many projects, Good environment to work
large scale work, good food, smart people
Work, people, facilities and food.
The people, the perks, the culture
Great eng support, personal development
Truly the smartest groups of people you'll ever work with. More than anything, this was a reason to go to work every day. But also, working on products that the entire world touches is humbling and inspiring.
interesting technologies, great perks. Opportunity to work amongst some great people and be part of an exciting and innovative culture.
Fantastic place to work. Surrounded by really smart people who make me strive to do more.
Challenging work, good perk, huge loads of learning opportunities
Great company culture !
1) Food, food, food. 15+ cafes on main campus (MTV) alone. Mini-kitchens, snacks, drinks, free breakfast/lunch/dinner, all day, errr'day.  2) Benefits/perks. Free 24:7 gym access (on MTV campus). Free (self service) laundry (washer/dryer) available. Bowling alley. Volley ball pit. Custom-built and exclusive employee use only outdoor sport park (MTV). Free health/fitness assessments. Dog-friendly. Etc. etc.
Great Pay, including good insurance, annual bonuses, and stock grants. Free, prepared on-site meals for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Great company with lots of perks. Fun environment
Super friendly management. Great company perks that make you love going to work. Challenging work that makes you care.
Great company, smart management, efficient/productive colleagues, good perks.
Working with colleagues closely. Different projects.
Really smart people, lots of resources, good benefits, free on-site meals, opportunity to travel, and the work can be very interesting depending in what area you are working.
Great benefits, cordial environment, work-life balance is excellent.
work environment, technology, culture
good ppl . good benefits
Freedom. Smart people. Transparency.
Smart people, amazing perks and benefits, there's tonnes of opportunities internally if you want to move to a different team, challenging work, performance reviews and promotion process is well documented and not some magical process
good company, excellent team and people, good growth
Good perks: food, gym, shuttle, etc, hours  Google is good if you're happy in current role/level and no desire to move and enjoy perks and work/life balance. Not a good fit if you are ambitious and want career to move forward not lateral or stay stagnant.
Great work life balance. Opportunity to work with some of the best talent in the field.
good work life balance, nice co-workers
Salary, bonus are very competitive. Equity is what makes it so valuable. People around you are super bright but also very open, willing to help, willing to explain. At other companies ive worked at, the seemingly talented people are also the least willing to go out of way to help, thats not the case at google. benefits are amazing - free breakfast lunch and dinner. pay for phone. pay for home internet. pay for insurance. unlimited sick days. 3-6 month maternity league. Just amazing benefits overall. Great speakers comes to the offices to present all the time, super interesting sometimes.
Fantastic benefits - gold plated insurance with reasonable employee expense. Above market salaries in many locations, roles.
Most people I worked with were very intelligent, friendly, and respectful. Engineers are well-respected, and the tools and processes are world-class. My programming skill has improved very significantly in the year and a half that I was here.
Collaborative environment with awesome perks. You get to work with the smartest folks and have access to so many useful resources.
Always friendly and talented people working all around you. Can always find someone like-minded and who may even share similar hobbies.
Great people to work with. Helpful and take the time to really care about your project. Also great tools to work with.
the food was pretty dece, nice espresso machines, no one really noticed that I was severely depressed and not getting any work done for almost 2 years
Great benefits, ability to work on exciting projects, transparency into company goals and efforts across all different departments.
Great facilities, hours, flexibility, as well as training
great team work , everyone helps a lot, great projects. as an intern got to learn a lot
Exciting contracts and watching growth of company
Great engineer culture, nice co-workers willing to help.
Amazing place, benefits, inspiring people. Collaborative enviroment
Collaborative environment, great benefits and perks, ability to give 360 feedback.
* Smart, dedicated coworkers * Care about the world and creating good products
highly competitive but great job
The project I worked on was fantastic. I loved it a lot.
Flexible working hours. More about getting the work done than being chained to a desk from morning to night. I work with an amazingly supportive global team that supports Sellers. Benefits, perks, etc. are great. But the people make it worth it.
It's Google!! You have a number of resources at your disposal with some of the brightest people in the industry.
Wonderful working environment and teams. Great people and culture.
Benefits, Environment, Colleagues, Access, Scale
Good benefits and perks. Learning opportunities are great.
The people I work with are by and large the best part of my experience. They are extremely bright and make me work hard to continue developing.
Good workplace but hard driving teams
- Best co-workers ever, there are few mean people and few slackers. - Free food, free laundry. - Unvested stock on hire. - Dress code very casual.
Smart coworkers, beautiful offices, great perks
Good pay for me and others
Everything was pretty good there.
Amazing company with great people
Amazing company perks, great food, extremely friendly people. My team ate meals together often, and even went on hiking trips outside of work (MTV). My host was incredible and very helpful, and I felt that I had a lot of impact due to the smaller scale project I had in infrastructure tools. In the end, I was able to push at least 5k lines of code into production, and it felt very rewarding to do so.
Really great community of people
Good work environment and colleagues
It's Google! It really is fantastic. Perks, benefits, and people are all excellent! Super smart and capable people in recruiting that are being massively under-utilized. If you have a good manager who advocates for your work, you'll be fine.
Google has a great company culture making it a fun place to work every day. Everyone is always willing to help out and collaborate on issues. This is an excellent company having come from a much smaller company.
Great company, great people, strong culture
Great culture, benefits and opportunities for internal mobility
They treat their people well. Straightforward work. Lots of freedom to do what you want. Interesting tech. Relaxed environment. Great compensation.
the food is very good there
Great office, great perks, very open culture
Incredible perks, coworkers, and environment. Really value the power of technology and how it can be used for good.
Flex hours , compensation
The pay rate was agreeable.
Perks, smart co-workers, ambitious leadership
- Free food - Nice weather - Plenty of on campus amenities like showers, gyms, massages, cafes - Great technical infrastructure and tooling - Great colleagues to work beside - Lots of teams to choose from in Mountain View - Processes to progress in the company are well defined
Nice Food Nice People to be with
Great place and environment in which to work
Solid benefits, decent salary and a lot of onsite perks.
Opportunity to build great products with rich user data and resources.
Pays well, you are surrounded with smart people, great 401k, good health plans, free food.
Google epitomizes why I love technology and the tech industry. Useful products, smart people, data-driven decisions & culture, a mission I can feel good about when I go to sleep every night. This is as good as it gets.
Great Company, smart co-workers, great benefits, good pay.
Fun work lots of on-campus perks
Amazing people, free food, lots of travel opps, very challenging
1. Great Benefits and Perks 2. Amazing Engineers around your work to grow technically
Pretty good place to work at if you haven't already heard of it. Pretty useful applications.
Great work/life balance, proper training and expectations
Free food, get to work with a lot of smart people
One of the best places to work
Flexible hours, good work/life balance
I enjoyed my time there.
- Great projects - Great people - Amazing benefits - Free food - 401k matching
it is a great company. good pay, good place to work. i worked for one year and really enjoy it.
Google is even better than the stuff that makes mainstream news-- it's exciting, fun, and the company takes care of its employees.
Very prestigious firm with highly talented coworkers and bosses doing interesting work.
Great work place, good benefits and over all nice place to work
There is no micromanagement. As long as you get your work done and as long as you're good at your work, you will succeed here.
Very open with information to employees. People are super smart and friendly. Aggressive compensation and benefits.
Great place to work awesome to be helpful employers skillful employees
You can tell people care about you - from your personal growth as an engineer to your interests as a person. It is a company genuinely focused on employees being happy and proud of their work.
Good salary, pretty interesting tasks.
Free food, snacks & drinks. People are nice.
Great place to learn new things.
Working with smart people Great food and benefits
Love it. Best place to work.
Free Food, Free Gym, Free Onsite Laundry.
flexible and people are really nice
I had opportunity to work in three different countries and gained experience in several teams across Finance departments. Google offers number of opportunities for internal mobility within US and Internationally.
get paid for open source development, why not?
Great company with good values and amazing people.
food and people are great
Meaningful work, lots of internal resources to use if you need help, very transparent management
interesting work, great benefits, lots of opportunities
Google has indeed attracted and retained the best talent in the World, period. Google has remained one of the most inspirational companies in the World.
Awesome coworkers, good food. Highly respected company
Awesome people, perks, and very collaborative atmosphere
Everything you need for a good company, and they respect people.
Very high standard of style expected, great internal tools that allow you to focus on the problem at hand, great perks, great resources & culture
Flexible Schedule and willingness to work around the crazy stuff life throw our way.
Best company to work for!! Focuses on individual contributions,
As a line on a resume, almost can't be beat Tons of perks Very good pay Flexible, fairly relaxed work environment Lots of corporate infrastructure backing you up (spinning up a big server is no big deal) Interesting work Super nice people
The benefits, opportunities for professional growth, and people are all the best in the business.
A lot of opportunities/projects. Smart people. Great engineering culture. Good compensation at higher levels of the Eng ladder.
very collegiate, innovative, they take great care of their employees with incredible benefits, very transparent and share lots of information with employees on a regular basis.
The pay is great and so is the work environment. You're treated like an adult and they trust you completely to get stuff done-- no one baby sits you.
Great benefits and great salary. Both my team and my superiors were a pleasure to work with. Google is really leading with new technologies which makes the job incredibly enjoyable.
People are some of the smartest you'll ever meet which is a great environment to learn. Food is amazing and the perks are amazing.
Free food Generally company treats employees well
Google is a great place to work, especially if you're based in the Bay Area - where the majority of really cool projects exist.
for professionnalisme, experience and knowledge good salary so you don't need to work in anther place.
During holiday season you can get a lot of hours. There's a small discount, 10% or 15%. They work around student schedules.
Amazing people, amazing products, and amazing perks.
Benefits and perks, transparent leadership, non-hierarchical
High salary. Free food. A lot of activities for interns.
Easy to change different teams
I had an absolutely awesome time working there the staff is very friendly and management was great I had no problems and will recommend anyone to work there 5 star rating you guys are great
The extra perks such as gym, food is really good. The benifits and free transportation to work is a plus working for google.
Great Food, Amazing Benefits and some really excellent products
Huge impact, brilliant co-workers, good benefits and perks, good pay, career growth opportunities, brand name is great.
lots of free coffee, great work environment, wonderful place to learn and make new connections
- Great company, ultimate resume booster, prestige - Smart people, great learning opportunities & resources - Competitive Pay - Perks
Great option to balance work and life, Cool product that has real world value, Work with really smart people! Competitive salary and free food!
The benefits are absolutely amazing. The talented colleagues make each day a complete joy. The scale of the business is unfathomable.
Culture, autonomy, food, perks, openness
Free food, drinks, gym, dog friendly campus, free transportation,
Treated interns very nicely. The teams were extremely welcoming. The perks were obviously the best part. :D
Flexible hours and creative outlooks competitive job with lots of young people. Amazing salary, I get to go around the world for free on business meetings!
good job to start at
- Great benefits (health, food, etc) - Lots of fun events for interns to attend. - Other companies will want to interview once you have a Google internship on your resume.
+ If you like the internet, you'll identify with the mission of most projects + Work with world class engineers most of the time + Fun people, fun occasional offsites, nice lunches + Most of the projects & teams I've worked on had a "small team" vibe. + Easy to switch projects after 12-18 months + High pay
Competitive pay, great perks even for interns, lots of resources and opportunities for learning, and a great culture.
Balanced professional and personal life. Better exposure to new technologies etc
They have really good food!
Flexible work hours, friendly coworkers and staff, great location, great compensation, not too much pressure, no forced overtime, low stress, can move offices/teams. I feel like there are a lot of opportunities for advancement in the company. Free breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks are 24/7 essentially. Video games, board games, books, billiards, massages, haircuts, laundry, frequent team outings, parties, etc. I could go on. Very relaxed work environment. A lot of perks.
Good food Good mentor Good projects Provides a very healthy environment to you to learn and grow. Good desk and everything is awesome
Great Perks and Smart Co-workers
Great place to work. Free snacks
High caliber colleagues, friendly atmosphere, great work life balance, relatively objective hiring and promotion processes, wide range of career progression opportunities, and of course the awesome food, pay, perks and brand recognition - arguably the most optimal "package" that any employer on this planet offers.
Amazing people to work with!
People are great Food is amazing Work is tough and interesting You stand to make a lot of money being that Pittsburgh cost of living is so low
Laid Back, flexible hours, nice coworkers
Food and perks and company culture
Free food, smart people, get to use best in class technology
Great technology, great people, good work-life balance.
Very good! I had a great experience interning here. I learned a lot and there were a lot of great perks!
Met a lot of other interns.
Opportunity to work with amazing people. Opportunity to work on world changing projects. People will challenge you and your ideas and you'll learn how to think critically. I am able to come and go as I please. I am treated like an adult.
The company lives up to its hype, there is a reason why it's consistently Forbes best company to work for. The salary, benefits, and perks are great. Overall, the culture is probably a good fit for anyone who is technical and/or data driven.
This was a very good company.
Great Work, Great People, Work life balance
Outstanding colleagues. Interesting, impactful projects. Compensation and benefits are great. Three meals a day.
ok to work. good benefits. helpful people.
Smart employees and coworkers, great mentorship. Nice perks and benefits
good culture, relaxed environment, good food
perks, free food, flexible work schedule, budget for conference, great culture
I could not have had better co-workers
Fun environment - lots of perks - very smart people - challenging work - work meant someething
great benefits, paid well, free food and health facilities
Free food, gym membership, nice people overall
good work and life balance, great benefits for employees. A lot of opportunities to work on cool projects and work with talented people.
Smart people, great perks, great work life balance. Ability to transition between different teams every few years and learn an entirely new space.
Great people, great food, great benefits
Great atmosphere and people. Very innovative.
Team,atmosphere,easy workflow,location is ok,pretty flexible with times
Fun job , really fun , not that much of hard work , friendly employees and friendly boss , easy to talk to no weird people at all
I'm new to Google, but have to say... the people, pay, benefits, and simply the culture and structure is fantastic!
Fun people, amazing talent, great benefits
Best environment. Nice team. Good perks. Good opportunity to learn and do training Good opportunity for entry level
Everything, Culture, people, autonomy, challenging in a good way
- Team - Compensation - Opportunity
pay, benefits, working with smart people, working on products that reach billions of users daily, learning about innovation at TGIF (transparent company culture)
Great talent. Amazing projects. Making a difference.
The company has a lot of products and projects that you can choose to work.
Very friendly environment Amazing office Relaxed atmosphere
- Motivating work culture - Very international and diverse - Strong peers to learn from - Competitive salaries and perks
Google engineers tend to be great people to work with and the infrastructure is better than anything else in the world. The benefits are also excellent.
- plenty of opportunities to try all product areas if you enter as a junior level employee. - huge support on innovation in all functions - great benefits to peace your mind and focus on users
Great pay, benefits, work environment.
Smartest people in the industry
Smart hardworking co-workers, good pay and benefits. Lots of amazing perks.
Great people, great perks, flexible working environment
Great Food, Smart People, Good Pay
Competitive relocation, salaries. Good teams, good products, good working environment. Also I like the weather of Bay Area summer!
Great company to work for
Working with some of the sharpest people in the world.
Hundreds of fun project, and also hundreds of not so fun projects
Perks, Projects, Culture, Innovation, Industry Leadership
Everything - it's an amazing place to work
You can find the smartest people here, and interacting with them everyday is a joy.
Grow opportunities Good salary and great stock grants Smart people to work with Cool projects
Great compensation Innovation Creativity People Office Space There are many opportunities for travel and extensive career training.
Working at google was great, I enjoyed my experience.
-incredible culture -smart people -give lots of responsibility to interns -high leverage work
Great pay and insight into Google
Awesome amenities, great coworkers, exposure to many company information and resources not available externally, stable
Working with customers and co-workers. Having a chance to try new things and have have the laughs show up in sales.
Surrounded by smart, motivated, talented people at the top of their game.
Ample amount of resource to learn on the side (even outside of core job function) and working with (usually) bright people.
Great benefits, internal structure. Enjoyed working here since it gave me a challenge and all the necessary hardware to tackle it!
- So many things to learn and do. - Everyone really cares about what they're working on. - Easy to maintain a good work life balance.
There's a reason why Google is consistently rated the top place to work: company is doing amazing things and constantly innovating, great coworkers, very good pay (base+bonus+stock) and perks. Challenging work. Good internal mobility.
Many powerful internal tools, strict code review
Reputation great for recruiting candidates
Freedom to work at my own pace No quotas Unlimited earning potential Leadership support
always surrounded by intellectual people, collaborative culture, great benefits and work environment
- great perks - free food - free laundry - free haricut
Good perks (what's left of it), still some good folks around, people that cares.
Great cultural place to work
- Perks are the best you'll find anywhere: Food, fancy drinks, baristas, massages, bring your dog to work, fun events every week/month, full relocation benefits, the list goes on... anything you want! - Technology of course: It's great using Gmail/Google for Work products (much better than Microsoft suite that we're all used to outside of Google), and there are high quality cameras/screens in every conference room for meetings on Google Hangouts, making it very easy to work with remote teams - Pay and bonuses: Usually much better vs. other companies, especially since they offer stock units that vest over time and Google stock is worth a lot (though I did hear from other Googlers that they could get paid a lot more at other companies? not sure what they're referring to...). - All in all, it's working for Google, which in itself is a pro and "cool" to many!!
Great experience with the team had a lot to offer us over the course of what felt like such a short summer
nice place to work as it's nice and fun and met people i liked a lot
Team support was excellent, new and innovative tools to explore, quality of work was always interesting.
All the resources in the world
Working around the smartest of people in the world, working on meaningful projects.
There is no better company to work for. Love the 'thinking big' attitude, and the perks obviously help too.
Creative yet analytical, dynamic engineers to work with
Good working environment Work/life balance People are very nice
Get to work with some very talented people
It were you begin your careers
- The opportunity to change the world - Excellent compensation - Amazing perks - Free Food - Great work/life balance
Great place to work great benefits! I would highly recommend this employer. The people are great and you learn a lot!
Good Friendly environment in Google. Google employees are best and friendly
Independent contractor, you can make your own hours and potential. You control your destiny, and the work you put in is proportionate to your pay
Amazing culture, great team work, good learning and growth opportunities
great food and gym, very friendly people
The perks and benefits are everything you've heard before, and more. I'm surprised daily. I've been in and around the Valley for 20+ years at some of the biggest companies in tech. Nothing comes close to my experience here at Google. Every new person I meet is the smartest person I've ever met. The work is compelling, the environment is a conduit for creativity, the benefits are amazing. I've seen lots of comments here about the fact that it's hard to navigate hierarchies and org boundaries to get things done. I suspect most of these reviewers are quite early on in their career and have never had to deal with this in other more "traditional" companies. It's waaaaaaayyy worse outside of the 4 walls of Google, believe me. Simply put, Google is an amazing place to work.
Good culture, perks, work-life balance
Great culture, smart people, growing industry, opportunities to move laterally across many functional areas nad businesses
benefits--401k matching, food, great healthcare
The office spaces are really nice. It's just a good place.
Was a great place in terms of benefits and freedom of work
Some of the smartest people in the country Solving real world problems Real, tangible contribution People are genuinely nice
- Google food perks are unparalleled - Gym on site - Sales cycle is easy with the name Google behind you
One of the most lenient companies to work for. Always had a great time working for them and all of my team.
It was really great working here. The people were awesome and always helpful.
Free food, overtime pay, great on the resume
Great innovation company, very open
The lifestyle is amazing, with opportunities for improvement in all areas.
Google is one of best company in IT sector there are many people to work here i also have to work here and its pay high salary package for student
Account Executives work as client leads within the sales teams that make up the global business org. Within this role and organization, you receive a great deal of respect and prestige from your clients, as they look to you for strong business guidance. The pay is very competitive, and if you have a supportive manager, the potential to gain merit raises annually is very high (as are the stock refreshes). The company provides many internal trainings for those interested in personal development, and the opportunity to travel to another office in another city/country is readily available on a quarterly basis. Most importantly, it's some of the best people you will ever work with. Aside from the odd, few people who inexplicably make it through hiring, the people who work within the sales org at Google are strong team players, optimistic, creative, strategic, hard-working, quirky and down-to-earth individuals.
Flexible hours, great benefits, paid vacation days, etc.
Smart people solving complex problems Huge scale so lots of opportunity of high impact work Great amenities from gym to food to shuttles Flexible schedule and the ability to work remotely if needed Does support work life balance
Google is an amazing company. Autonomy.
Great environment, Great benefits and people
The people are awesome, the compensation and benefits are excellent, Google really cares about their employeea, and the work is challenging.
Outstanding pay and benefits even for contractors.
All the benefits were nice, flexible but long hours and
Great place to work. Tons of opportunities to learn.
Very nice and good company to work without any expectations.
Free food, Good treatment, everything is good
All is great , All is well
I'm surrounded by smart and friendly people and found a project with high code quality to work on without any trouble. Googlers want to do the right thing. It's cool. There's a lot of vegan food on main campus, and it makes being vegan insanely easy. Since the gym is free I've been going to the gym too instead of just running with one of the running clubs. Perks are real :)
As a contractor, working on Google campus seems to carry with it many of the benefits that everyone gets while working for Google, and therefore, is awesome.
Learning opportunities when you daily work with the best people in their career field. The team is the best i've been a part of!  Good benefits/pay/work culture. Great team (co-workers and management). Management fully supports opportunities for professional growth and advancement.
Food! Hopefully you know how amazing Google is by now - it really is the best thing ever. Come here for interesting problems
- great food perks - great tech corners teams
Smart people... most of the time. Free food and drinks. Great benefits. Sleep pods, haircut facility, pool tables, etc.
Great projects. Lots of smart people. You can be very independent.
Work with the best talents in the world
Wonderful culture and values, great career opportunities
Great people, opportunities to develop skills, work-life balance
Great people, competitive salary, high-impact products.
Takes great care of employees. Focus on innovation
Everything you hear about Google is true, it was the best company I ever worked for.
Perks, perks, perks. Great food, team events, entertainment.
Great benefits, inclusive environment
* Good pay * Good perks * Resume value * Great people * work life balance
One of the best places to work in the world. Founder insight into how to create the best job environment is incredible
- Perks: free food, free gym, nice offices, massage chairs, bikes. - People: you meet a lot of smart and interesting people at Google. Great for networking. - Pay/hours: the pay is great and the hours are very reasonable (despite the long commute). - Resume title: it's Google. People find it impressive.
Everything!!! Benefits, Culture, access to people, tech, and other.
cutting edge tech tools fun, family-like environment
Culture, diversity, challenging, smart colleague.
Flexible work schedule, great benefits
Great coworkers, big impactful projects, free food
Great benefits, name recognition, cool works are being done there
Fun place to work in. Good team members. Innovative culture
relaxed management and free food
Good projects, too much food, good ambiance , talented guys around
Google feels different to work for. It really cares about employees, about their progression and their needs. Plus, free lunches ,) Definitely happy I joined.
Google is a generous employer when it comes to pay, benefits, perks. Most of the people who work there are fantastic and smart. Being a Googler becomes a huge part of your identity, and this is mostly a positive experience.
Good pay and relaxed environment
Interview was very good . Could learn a lot from the questions they asked .
nice place to work in general
Probabil the best company culture you'll find anywhere in the US.
Great benefit, everything you can think of
good job, good salary, decent staff members
nice food and healthcare benefits.
great culture, good growth oppurtubnuties , one of the best salaries
Free gym, food, snacks, and drinks. Good work culture.
everything here is so good
Great atmosphere. Really driven to work hard.
Great support from employes. Lots of opportunities to grow.
flexible work environment, access to google network
Great company, great people, (still) less politics than most, run by engineers, tech is the key focus of most teams
Great Company to work for
Good perks and food and with great benefits. Impress other people easily with your title. Good teamwork but hard work doesn't get recognized by management.
Great salary, benefits and perks.
Great work culture, mind-blowing technological breakthroughs and highest perks
Solid company. Great to work for.
They recognize and reward top performers better than any other company I've worked for. I got promoted in under a year, so of course I think the perf process is fair. They let you do anything you put your mind to. I got to do a 20% project with the self-driving car team. The projects are amazing and interesting, the type that make me excited to come to work every day. Great and talented coworkers can be rare to have in other companies, but they seem to be everywhere at Google.  Google contracts with the local music school in Mountain View to provide music lessons at work, for anyone who is interested. I am taking advantage of this, and have music lessons during the work day, which is an amazing perk to have. There are music rooms scattered around where you can play piano, guitar, drums, etc... They really seem to care about your wellbeing, not just how much work they get out of you.  There is a focus on long-term development for employees, such as giving us lots of resources to learn new things, from programming languages to music to machine learning, I can get involved and learn just about anything at Google.  Then there's the "regular" stuff I now take for granted, like the free food and microkitchens. You can bring your dog to work, which is awesome. I get a full body table massage every other week. There are clubs for just about any kind of thing, including re-enacting ancient battles with foam swords.
really great place to work . Was awesome and Would 10/10 work again mate.
-"best" large company to work for, manages to be fun despite its size -company works on really cool products and at a massive scale, I use the products daily and can see how they have shaped the world around me -compensation high (base pay, bonus, stock, gifts, etc), great 401k matching -fantastic array of guest speakers, on-campus events, and team offsites
amazing people and great perks
-AMAZING benefits -Competitive Pay -Continual progress with new projects -Most people fun to work with
The benefits and atmosphere the people are great the gym and food is amazing.
IMHO, Everything at Google is great!
great work environment for me it is great.
Take good care of employees Great working environment Great culture
Good food and colleagues who are talented.
Working at Google is fantastic. It's a company working on really interesting products, allowing (and expecting) you to change roles/products/location easily during your career, providing you with great perks and helping you to grow as a skilled professional.
Amazing Benefits!!! Food, Shuttle and other Perks! At Google you are expected to lead as project as technical architect in initiation phase to conclude right approach with several team and work as project manager to make project through execution in collaboration with development manager and product manager .
Good exposure to world's leading technology.
High energy, fast paced. Not competitive. A lot of room to self-direct and work on projects of interest.
* Great benefits and perks. * You can switch projects every few years. * You get to work on Important projects. * Well known brand, good for resume.
Still LOT of greatttt people perks are just awesome after few years, the comp is among the very best in the industry cutting edge technology
it is really nice company
Great experience as working there
Amazing perks, really smart people, get to work on cool things
Work with incredibly bright people in interesting well funded projects. It is a ground breaking company that is doing so much across so many fields. I do love the company through its faults.
Good pay. Nice benefits. location in new york city, free transportation to and from the company. Good fresh food also.
Perks/ benefits are good like everyone knows. In most of the teams, eng managers are generally good, they care about your career path, development. Tons of training courses to help you grow at Google (yes all free).
Great challenging position to be in
Its a great company, would like to go back.
Low accountability, high freedom, easy commute.
- Excellent salary and benefits benefits, especially health care - Great and smart people to work with - Great effort in increasing diversity and inclusion - Fantastic perks
My pros are very good
-Decent pay and excellent benefits/perks -The people are great, although quality probably isn't as high as it used to be (the company has grown a lot in the last several years, so this isn't surprising) -Google overall is a great company and I don't think they've lost sight of trying to do things that benefit their users -Work/life balance is excellent, at least in my office. Of course there are times where you work late and put in the time when needed, but there's also downtime here and there where you can be more flexible with your time. -Sales growth continues to be amazing despite the sheer scale of the business
Awesome perks. Smart folks to work with
The perks: cafes, gym, perkhub, flexibility on working remotely, beautiful campus and allowing dogs on campus.  The knowledge: learning first hand Google's approaches and best practices  The experience: having Google's name on your resume, building connections with others and working at one of the best and innovated companies
Google is good for those people who like to eat for free. There are a lot of different kind of food in different locations. To reach any location you can ride bicycle.
Great use of open source tech
Great working environment. Good work and life balance.
Experience what good looks like. Everybody is smart around you and goes an extra step to deliver best goods.
- Company is working on super big problems - Amazing smart co workers - Lots of opportunities
Incredibly smart people, great benefits, fun culture
Google is a great place to work.
Lots of amazing perks Amazing group of really smart and talented people
Great company definitely go work there if you have the chance you won't regret it best company in the world seriously go do it don't wait another minute
- You drive yourself here. If you want to grow, you have to seek out opportunities and prove that your worth. This keeps you motivated. - Tons of interesting projects. There is no dearth of challenging projects that will keep you interested for years. Mobility within the company is easy as long as you are good performer. - You get to work with some very smart people and that makes you perform a notch above. - Management is intentionally less involved in an engineer's life and this avoids micromanagement, bias and single point of failure. This goes with point #1. You are free to define what can be done in your domain (of course you have to sell it). - a lot of basic infra exists and is exceptional. So you don't have to spend too much time on your "means" to the end. - pay for performance: if you are a good performer, you are taken care of. - needless to say, perks are amazing. - at Google you will learn a lot of things and you will learn it from the best. IMHO, I don't see a lot of engineers wanting to learn once they graduate, even from undergrad. They want to be person that build the next biggest thing. It's great if you truly have that skill.
- Great pay - Opportunities to travel to intl. offices - Free coffee and snacks - Onsite gym and other perks
I interviewed with Google. They assess the PhD candidate by coding questions for 4 round and 1 round research question.  A lot of opportunities and different roles are available to select from.
Fantastic Culture Large amount of freedom Brilliant and Clever people Work setting fun and "Googley" Google Bus transportation - very helpful
The perks, obviously. My team was well managed and easy to work with. Food, massages, cool office environment all made going to work every day fun.
Great benefits and pay. Lots of office environment perks. An HR structure that tries to keep promotions and role changes fair. Input from even the newest and most inexperienced employees appears to be well received. Tons of offices and jobs around the world make it easy to stay at Google and live wherever.
- Top notch employees - Campus is unbelievable - People are very approachable regardless of hierarchy - Perks and benefits are plenty
- Smart people - Quick to squash bureaucracy - Take care of high performers financially - Take care of people through great benefits and at work considerations
Great experience, well-structured program, enough assistance to introduce freshman/sophomores into the workforce.
always an opportunity to develop your skills and get further ahead in your career.You are surrounded by smart people!
A lot of perks to make the campus feel like home. Which is important because you'll be spending the majority of your hours awake here to keep up with the level of work and industriousness of your peers.
Incredible staff and impact. Great facilities
Free food, free transportation, lots of other perks.
Great resources and ux community.
Very nice and great place to work, very innovative and motivational.
It's empowering to work on projects with a real chance of succeeding in the market, and most of Google's products are actually in demand.
Food, benefits, location, colleagues, great for cv.
Well, It's Google, nothing to say about! Great Opportunity for me!
Awesome place to work and excellent people.
- Great benefits and pay - Lots of office environment perks - Very Smart hard working colleagues - 20% time with other Google projects - Transparency at the top of the organization but it doesn't trickle down to middle management
Amazing place to work. Best place in Silicon Valley
Good Pay, Good Benefits, Neat Work
food and other benefits.. are great
Overall a great job that allows you to work on a variety of projects/initiatives. Some opportunity for travel. Co-workers are great.
Dat snack room doe >>>>>> Upward Mobility
Lots of opportunities to grow, great amenities and free food all around the main campus. Work-life balance is very good.
great company to work for
Everything is great. The co-workers, the perks, the food, the benefits, the salary. It's the best place to work.
Good Work and home life balance
Fun Environment, great people, office was very easy going, great benefits. You will not feel like you are at work because it is so much fun.
I thoroughly enjoyed working here. It was a great environment and culture that I looked forward to going to every day.
Very democratic. Truly wants to change the world for good. Surrounded by people like myself.
Good money Strong benefits Work life Balance Flexible hours Constant growth
compensation packages above normal, perks, open information sharing for almost everything, lots of access to resources, bias for action
Great pay, awesome environment, interesting work, relative autonomy, lovely colleagues, free food, unbelievable benefits, completely spoiled, amazing training programs, incredible support... I could go on and on. Having worked in toxic environments before, Google is a - hardworking and demanding - dream.
- Work with smart people - Challenging problems - Lots of opportunities - Company treats people very well - Nice perks (food, Gyms, transportation ... etc.)
Teamwork, always someone who can help, competitive, fun environment, free food, intelligent colleagues everywhere
Unparalleled benefits, great salary, can be very interesting work, access to some of the smartest and most productive people on the planet.
Great place to work of all time
High level of independence in planning working, abundance resources for execution
Great people to work with on your team and good opportunity to network since people leave so fast to other companies.
- Smart, friendly coworkers - Ethical, principled company - Many different projects to choose from - 20% time with other Google projects - Excellent perks and benefits
Smart people Good hardware resources Wonderful perks Great pay
- Super smart coworkers, who (in general) are really nice, helpful people. - Great perks (visiting author talks, food, massage, exercise programs, etc). - Good pay.
People are really nice, lots of stuff you can learn
The only pro I can think of from my time there was the perks.
Management is very professional and the perks are great!
1. Work on very interesting projects 2. Work with smart, interesting, and good people 3. Lots of perks-free food, gym, laundry, etc. 4. Very good health benefits 5. Excellent compensation
Smart smart smart people. The Googliness filter works well and we generally don't have mean spirited people.  Ambitious, we take on products and projects that will truly change the world. Product risk is a part of our culture. Which for me is exciting and challenging but can be too much for some.
Freedom to work on projects Great peer group
Google has a great atmosphere, and they treat their employees wonderfully. Benefits are great for their employees, management is directed to stay out of your business and to avoid micro-managing. This is a rarity amongst employers these days. There's a simple mantra: "be googley". Be nice to others. Don't be a jerk. Positivity flows through the work environment, and as long as you work hard you'll be rewarded.
- Incredibly talented people - Plenty of flexibility in your work areas -- work on what you want - Benefits & perks are unparalleled - Security of working for the best company on the planet - Personal and professional growth is within the fabric of the company
You need work with smart person!
Learning Opportunities. Explore, learn and grow with the job.
room for development company perks great coworkers
coworkers are very good. It's easy to collaborate and you can learn a lot from them.
Great benefits and friendly people
There were a lot of benefits, be it the healthcare, retirement, or the free organic meals.
smart people good work-life balance good pay great benefits
flexibility, work life balance, perks
Good Culture, high pay, nice office.
Great benefits and work/life perks, comfortable office environment, diverse group of friendly co-workers. Culture supports innovation, independence, and self-drive.
Working with top-notch engineers Well-maintained state of the art software development tools Good collaboration between co-workers Pay is good
Great place to start out of college. Lots of mentors and systems set in place to help you learn and thrive.
A great place to learn how real, at-scale production systems work in the wild and the level of team coordination and attention to detail to make the "magic" happen. Definitely work in Mountain View rather than a satellite office - it's where all decisions are made.
Forward thinking management style and company culture, challenging and meaningful projects. Competitive pay and benefits.
Work is a lot of fun - Interesting challenges Great work culture - Really smart people Great benefits - Free food, off-sites etc
lots of benefits, free food, gym and many more things
Interns actually get to work on real projects. Great work culture, learned a ton and was surrounded by great people.
So amazing to work for, could not praise them enough and all the managers are GREAT
A company that treats their employees great and in return get motivated and loyal employees. Free food, access to amenaties like gym, pool, beach volleyball courts, tennis, soccer, football field
Indefinite resources to learn from
Great place to work, I've met so many friends. Everyone here is like family!
Super smart and helpful people to work with.
- great perks - smart people - swag
Very talented engineers and facilities
good place to work to learn
* incredibly ambitious -- constantly pushing to think bigger * cares deeply about doing the right thing * fantastic benefits -- the highlight is the "death benefit" * highly supportive and employee-focused culture * opportunity to work on products used by billions of people
Great all around, very good company to work for.
Great support from management for work life balance. Initially the reality of the job leads many to not enjoy the work, however it is what you make of it and the people, company culture, and opportunity to grow are amazing.
The food is free. The people are awesome. The work is very rewarding.
High level of trust, limited micromanagement Good perks and working conditions Smart colleagues in some areas Opportunities exist to move within the company, learn new skills etc
- Working with smart people  - Amazing perks  - Great work environment
Great company Great people Great benefits Company you can feel good about
Co workers were smart people, a lot of company culture events
- All the perks are real - The people are all 98% friendly and collaborative, with rare jerks - Very open and transparent business models to employees - Non-Mountain View offices are great
* free food * smart people
Perks are good. Job is interesting. Salary is fine. Travel opportunities. Can move between teams easily as well as between cities/countries.
Fun but really challenging at the same time. Obviously with such a good company like google you will start pushing yourself hard
Worked in Property Management, Building Maintenance and inspections all my life Progress Residential has to be number one ! they care about their Properties their Residents and their employees
It is abosolutely an amazing place to grow and learn. People are fine and all the free food is greate
Get to work with the brightest minds in the world, changing the way the world accesses information. This job is every engineer's dream.
Lively,Competitive,Health benefits,Always development phase is encouraged.
Great benefits and very competent peers. Impactful work and projects, and easy to lend a hand to other teams.
Good people to work fo.
I think if you are in the right groups in Google and a dev you can work on some very exciting projects that effects billions of people. That's incredibly exciting.  Google takes care of their employees really well and the benefits are amongst the best out there.
Everything is as great as they say it is. Pretty much free everything all the time and you are offered lots of chances to grow.
They contact me on time as they said.
Good work life balance. Brilliant colleagues. Good benefits. No micro-management.
After ten years, I still love working for Google, and I still see plenty of room to grow my career.
If you're a contractor, you might be able to gain access to some of the many benefits associated with the company.
good super work life balance
Great benefit & perk - insurance, food, bus, etc Interesting projects Best place for Software Engineer - you can try different things.
Great large company to work at
Lives up to the hype. Super smart people. Awesome perks. Pays well. As an engineer, lots of choices - can switch teams and offices with relative ease.
- Amazing co-workers - Amazing environment - food, offices, perks - Company continues to do great for years and years and years - Big mission
My team is great, great career opportunities.
- great benefits and perks - great colleagues with great technical skills - great technology and infrastructure - friendly working environment
Great products and exciting atmosphere.
It is an awesome place to work. Great work environment. Great benefits. Management was good too. Great stock options. Google takes good care of their employees.
Incredibly talented colleagues, innovative, fast-paced work, high level of transparency, data-driven culture that includes constant rigorous work to improve the culture
Its a great place to work with a lot of flexibility and lot of options to try different things (in a big office like Mountain View, New York etc)
Google is very wide spread and offers interesting problems in many areas. Google has great pay and excellent benefits.
Good perks, food, gym, TGIF
Google is a great company full of amazing opportunities and people
Freedom to get involve in many areas as you like, flexible schedules, great travel opportunities, great pay and benefits and working environment.
Dream company. have been thinking about joining for years.
Lots of projects and opportunity. Generally smart people. Great food. Great benefits. Founders care about the culture.
Great company to work for. Great benefits.
awesome co-workers, lots of fun, relaxed environment for the most part. free food, great campus. great perks.
Terrific place to work especially in the west coast awesome workers and benefits and work environment
Great people to work with.
A great employer. Nice Food. A lot of technical challenges. But it is very hectic there.
Good work and life balance.
Working with incredibly smart & motivated people, tremendous opportunity for growth and exposure to new types of jobs / roles, incredible benefits
I feel very comfortable and I love it
-Food _ A lot of smart people _Has really great salary
Was a good experience to work here
Google's been voted the best company to work for many years in a row. Great benefits, great pay, incredibly smart people and a fun, supportive working environment.
Great people, caring co-workers, extreme transparency, strong culture. The perks are real and compensation is very competitive, but the meaningful projects is what attracted me to Google.
Working in Google company is very hard working and take responsibility for work.
Very Very smart people. Lots to learn. People are nice. Nice perks. Good work life balance (relative to other tech company)
Good people with good hearts
- There is a really good variety of projects - The people you work with are generally of really high calibre - The perks are really good
The work environment is laid back, and less competitive than others. It really allows room for creativity.
People are very smart, you can learn from everyone around you, there are many challenges and opportunities for growth and skill acquisition.
-Exceptional talent of people who I work with. Google really does hire the best and I am regularly challenged and motivated by my peers. -An abundance of resources available. There are answers for most every question, and if you can't find an answer you have direct resources to get to the right people to figure it out. -Really interesting products. Continual innovation happening which keeps me on top of my game and learning something new all the time.
Free food, free bikes, good vacation, good health benefits, good salary
Google is an awesome place. Lots of really smart people from all over, with a great mix of diversity. They strike a nice balance of make an impact but don't overwork yourself.
Great company culture overall and free meals, massage, and other perks
Excellent benefits. Culture is great!
Great work environment. There were a lot of creative aspects about the position. People listen to your ideas and take them in to account
Awesome environment, culture, people and products.
Great place for improvement and promotions. They give you a chance to succeed
Amazing, hardworking, intelligent people. Great perks, salary and benefits. Ability to work autonomously.
Benefits food salary work environment big company great people smart people
The main benefit of working with Google are the facilities they offer, in addition to the services and benefits associated with being part of the company. There are many speakers, conferences, work shops going on the campuses and there is no shortage of interesting problems to solve and interesting people to meet.
Don't need to worry about breakfast, lunch and dinner on weekdays. Nice health benefits. Good company culture.
great work environment, great benefits
it's fun place to work for
+ Fantastic work culture + Amazing benefits including great food, drinks and snacks + A chance to work with some of the smartest people you'll likely run into + Think big + Spirit of innovation + Family and kid friendly events + Friendships that will last a lifetime + So many clubs, activities to take part in + TGIF
Great company and makes you feel like home. Dream come true! Great perks, loved testing things before they went public, great food, and great people to work with. Many many
Overall Google is a great company to work for - with the Perks, ressources, and the overall inspiring mission
Great place to work, excellent compensation and good career opportunities. Would recommend to friends, should fit any stage of career as there's always something to learn here and lots of great people to learn from.
Food, parties, and fun! Endless fascinating presentations by authors, presidential candidates, musicians, technology innovators. Opportunities to design and run your own internal contests and incentive programs to improve engineering practices throughout the company. All the great extras you have heard about. And some top geniuses to work with. It's exciting and rare to get to work with the inventors of game-changing technologies.
Really intelligent people to work with, great infrastructure and tools, focus on excellence.
Incredibly smart coworkers, best tools I've ever used, silly offices, free food, one project can affect millions of people and dollars.
Seemingly unlimited resources, work with top/diverse talent from across the globe, amazing perks from food to testing of prototype consumer technologies.
google is a great place to work. no complaints
Great culture, smart, motivated employees
Smart people, limitless opportunities (if you're willing to work in Mountain View, great name to have on your resume, fun and relaxed work environment, free food
The best company I have been to! Learnt a lot and I love the working environment.
Open to share design. You have a chance to expand your interest for your career and people will help.
it was fun working with smart people.
you getto work from home but u dont get paid as much when you work
great teams and location and food
Everyone is vibrant and high-energy. Truly a fun place to get your nerd on. Oh and we do work sometimes. The campus is huge and contains many perks such as a gym and cafeteria.
Smart people who are passionate about their job.
Great perks (fitness offerings, massage, food, retirement program, health benefits), looks good on a resume and the chance to work on some great products with huge numbers of users.
its google, the end all be all
There a huge diversity of work ranging from defending independent journalism worldwide (Google Project Shield).
Super smart people, engineering culture.
Great infrastructure, which makes it easy to deal with probably at scale.
Amazing place to work - great people and great benefits
- Great compensation - Interesting project / products
the obvious benefits of working at Google
Exciting to work in a company that powers billions of people's lives everyday.
Very impactful work, great coworkers, good work-life balance, some interesting projects.
Smart co-workers, challenging problems, great perks
Competitive co-workers, freedom to do whatever you want, perks.
+The people you work with are all intelligent, highly motivated, and friendly. Management is also amazing. They do a great job of hiring the right people. +Free food, great pay, and amazing benefits
The company is making a huge impact in the world. Engineering pushes the boundaries. Great benefits and overall pay.
Nice perks means a cool environment
+ Awesome projects + Lots of learning + Great coworkers
This is by far the best job I've ever had, and the best company I'd worked for. You really feel valued, respect, and also challenged here. You have a lot of autonomy over your work and creative license. You're around the most inspirational, intelligent, and passionate people you'll ever meet in life.
engaging, challenging, friendly, fun, top
Lots of opportunity to work on anything you want in your spare time.
Its just gooogle. Thats pretty much it to be honest. People think you are smart but you are not
Google is the best company to work for. The perks are amazing, every detail is considered! The work is interesting and colleagues smart and fun to work with.
Competent colleague, good benefits, interesting projects
Google was a wonderful place to work. Due to relocation because of family I had to leave. There will never be another place like this
Great people, great culture, great impact in the work you do. The fact that such a large company has a very open policy for voicing opinions or learning about other projects makes you feel part of a bigger thing.  Of course the perks are great too, but they are now very comparable, or even worse than other successful Bay Area tech companies (Facebook, Uber, etc)
Compensation is fine, Flexibility in job roles
Great environment filled with really smart, motivated people that are looking to change the world! You can work on tons of really exciting, high profile projects that make you feel good about the work you do.
current main stream technology, innovation
Awesome environment. Great intelligent people to work with.
exciting projects lots of smart people to work with company values you as an individual
Great people to work with. Lots of incredibly smart people to learn from.
Work with top notch people and learn how to build product for millions of users.
There benifits are good,and it will bring you a lot of good things for your family.
Google deserves every bit of its "Best Company to Work For" reputation. My own experience was in getting to build a business from scratch inside the company and watching it flourish.
Tons of perks, good pay. If you have the chance, it's worth working there and experiencing it!
There are no good points working for Google.
Good infrastructure, good people to work with, nice perks.
Amazing benefits, good pay, extremely intelligent people, engaging work that impacts a lot of people. Managers are competent, and promotion is meritocratic.
Great perks. Flexible schedule. Meet great people.
Google is still full of bright motivated people, working on world-class products. The company is led by solid people, who truly care about continuing to make the world a better place.
There are so many great benefits at Google. Food, exercise classes, and the work spaces are just great. Great sense of freedom and that you are in control of what you're working on
- Extremely smart and nice people - Open and honest culture - Amazing benefits and perks - Market leading compensation - Cutting edge technology
I learn a lot. Google pays for my Masters degree at Stanford.
Huge Impact, lots of interesting people you work with, people get excited every time you mention you work there. Overall though I really enjoyed working there and would recommend.
You will learn more here than anywhere else you've worked.  Smart People Great Perks Career Development
Great coworkers and a ton of opportunities.
Friendly and competitive environment,unlimited food and perks.I have worked for google more than 3 years and always felt this place like my second home.
Great smart people. All the usual perks
Great place as long as your team is good. If your team is not that good, you always have the option to switch.  Excellent perks.
Very friendly people and very interesting work. The working environment is very nice and we only need to worry about work we are responsible for, and anything else is well taken care of by other assistants and applications.
- Access to a vast wealth of technical resources and people - Culture where engineers are encouraged to push on ideas and lead - Strong benefits
Everything you've ever heard about working at Google is true. Benefits are awesome, coworkers are awesome, and your work affects millions of people.
Huge resources available, world-class brilliant people to work with. Great place to learn how to scale real-world systems.
It's a good company, good place to work and good place to learn.
Good opportunities, mobility, good reward
Great perks, amazing technology, inspiring activities
great environment and place to work
Awesome benefits and ability to work remotely or from other offices, free food is a major plus as well
great culture, smart driven coworkers, thriving environment
Food, Google Bus, Great culture, upward mobility, independent office hours
Some of the best perks in the industry. Smart peers that can keep up with you. Offices all over the world. Flexible work hours.
Google was a great company to work.
Google is probably the best corporate environment to work in. A lot of opportunities to get exposed to things outside of your immediate job. Strong brand allows you to open many doors. Of course the perks have
great work environment really makes working fun for employees
hard to get in
Its a fun place to work
Google is as advertised - it's an amazing place to work full of incredibly smart people working on interesting and challenging problems. The pay and perks are great. In theory there is a lot of opportunity for mobility and Google does seem committed to developing people over the course of their careers.
Great Learning Opportunities Great Work Environment
Flexible hours, awesome benefits, amazing coworkers!
Work with the smartest people. Fast paced. Challenging.
strong financial, lavish perks, smart people to learn from
google has a very flexible culture. You can benefits from learning experience from other geeks. So it is best employer for your first job.
1. Work with smart people in a great company 2. Free food and other benefits 3. Casual environment
Very creative atmosphere, and the quality of people you work with is noticeably better than anywhere else.
great place to work as a fulltime/intern
Good benefits, Smart people, great culture
Great people (generally smart, friendly, and hard-working) Great environment Sane management Best practices Excellent comp and benefits Interesting work projects (although very team dependent) Good work-life balance
Talented people, interesting projects, good perks and benefits.
- Work is technically challenging. Not incremental stuff, 50% devoted to ambitious work - Great pay and benefits. - Great work/life balance. Rarely gets paged, teams spread out in different time zones to maximize coverage.
Salary and benefits are decent Opportunity to learn a lot You can say you work for Google
It was great. It was a different time but it was great.
Overall work and life balance is promoted through various incentives. The people are bright and great to work with. Free breakfast and lunch! Google offers multiple perks. There's interest groups for about anything, volunteering opportunities, and projects outside your domain expertise to get involved with. You have a portal to learn various skills on your own or on your expertise at about anytime as long as you sign up.
Even though I am not an employee of Google, I still get many of the perks like food and coffee and the gym
Colleagues and managers were extremely supportive
It's Google after all! I had a great time working there and my co-workers were quite supportive.
Free food- they have professional chefs 401k matching Good work environment - everyone is helpful and friendly Paid leave is excellent
Incredibly brilliant people, very comfortable amenities and perks. The opportunity to solve (mostly) really interesting challenges and problems at a HUGE scale.
food, intelligent people, great access to resource and mentors
Great food. Smart coworkers. Nice weather.
- Work with top coders on the planet. - Be part of the leading software company.
A lot of responsibility. Exciting. Fantastically smart, capable, and fun colleagues. Great salary and benefits. Lots of international travel. Entrepreneurial culture.
Great culture. Smart, intelligent, collaborative team members to work with. Competitive compensation. Extremely resourceful (hardware, software, tools, training material).
nice people, and great benefits
perks (lots of free stuff) great benefits (health, dental, vision, etc) good, competitive comp great products with lots of impact solid culture many offices and opportunities for travel
Exciting business opportunities The people you meet Promotion from within Employee salaries, benefits, stocks and additional perks
they were ok, good management, good environment
Independent working ethics for staff
Really loyal place to work like a family.
During the time I was at Google, I have had the pleasure to work with smart, savvy, and dedicated people who truly have passions for what we do - it is contagious.
All benefits on food, drink. Well life-work balance and provide good environment to work.
free food management cares about their employees.
Super awesome place I need one more word.
Everyday is an exciting challenge. The people are incredible.
Great people, awesome culture (people are Googley), gourmet food.
A lot of freedom for charting your own path. A lot more encouragement to make yourself productive than being pressured to be productive.
Free food, good infrastructure, mostly great people, mission, if you can get into a team that actually has a mission. Good pay, though no longer the best. Engineers still (mostly) run things there. It's easy to switch projects if you perform well and opportunities are actually available (which is not a given, especially in remote offices). It also feels like the company actually gives a damn about making the front line grunt feel good about working for Google. As the company is growing, culture is eroding slower than I thought it would.
Great area and good pay
Very good atmosphere to work
Getting to work for Google. Great culture outside of the ITRP program.
many money and good benefit. good engineering culture
tons of perks, dog friendly
high salary, good insurance and benefits
Lot of opportunity for work and fun. Agree that is #1 place to work for. Good food, good peers and good projects.
this job has really given me insight out the job game really works. I learned how to develop software in my spare time and always love the cafeteria
salary, benefits, flexibility, culture, transparency
Great atmosphere and the schedule is very flexible
Google spoils its employees. Free breakfast lunch and dinner, great amenities, and budgets never seem to be an issue (at other jobs I've had to beg travel budget -- at Google, I can pretty much take any trip I think is worthwhile). They also do tons to reduce friction as an employee.
Super smart people, great infrastructure, access to lots of users. Potential for big impact.
impressive culture, great food, challenging and awesome colleagues. best place to work.
Lots of things to learn. Free food, gyms, bike, shuttle, laundry, smart people, now, what else do I miss?
fun and intellectually stimulating work environment, great people
Access/exposure to a lot of cool projects before they are widely known to the public and your foot in the door to landing a full time position with the company
I worked at Google for over 7 years. It is the longest that I have worked at any company. That is a testimonial to how good the company is! I left Google because I wanted to try my hand at starting my own company or joining an early stage start up.  Google treats its employees very well. The employees work hard. In my case, I felt motivated because every one around me had the same work ethic. Every one knows about the great perks but there is something to the Google culture that goes beyond that.
Work with some of the smartest and most creative talent around, contribute to a company that makes a significant impact in the daily lives of billions of users, enjoy all the amazing benefits and perks.
Very good working environment, smart people, great benefit. Also a very good work - life balance
Great benefits, surrounded by smart/motivated people, lots of perks, locations around the world, 401K match, health benefits are outstanding
The work culture is excellent, being nice to others is rewarded socially, and economically. The projects are incredibly diverse, and challenging. And the compensation and perks are very generous. As the person leading the orientation told me on my first day: "We want you to be happy. If you're happy you're more productive." I'm happy indeed :)
Amazing place to learn, grow, and have a scaled impact
Because I will create helpful tools to use
The culture is amazing! What you read in the articles about the perks and people is absolutely true. It's great to work at a company that offers 3 meals a day Monday-Friday, where I feel comfortable around 100% of the people and where you have the ability to make your own schedule.
Good for most of the things
Amazing people and atmosphere. Crazy good benefits.
All of the perks are incredible!
You'll be surrounded by very smart people, which helps your professional growth, compensation & benefits make you feel valued by the company
The perks are amazing!
great company to work for
Great place to work love it
lots of new projects and good team to work with..
great company, had an amazing time and learned a lot. look forward to going back. super fun people and had a very good time. love google. love it so much
- Very smart people - Lot's of challenging problems - Reasonably good compensation - Lot's of great perks and benefits - Relavent problems - Looks great on your resume
Flexible, lots of opportunities, good environment.
you can work on what you want to work on
Great perks, very smart people, great atmosphere, good leadership. Overall, very nice company to work for and a lot to learn from. Good compensation doesn't hurt.
Perfect Salary, work enviroment I loved working on the google enviroment, everyone was so helpful, was some of my best experiences of life
good pay, perks smart coworkers innovative company less bureaucracy than comparable large companies
Product and tech leadership are outstanding, no one else is doing what Google is and succeeding. It remains to be seen if Sundar can continue to do what Larry and Sergey did the past decade.
Work life balance is great. Free food.
Great coworkers, detailed docs and a lot of learning materials to help you become a good engineer.
Free food, smart people, great pay, exciting work! The bay area has beautiful weather as well which is a bonus
The perks are legendary here. Contrary to rumors, the food quality is still very good, some of the newer cafes on the main campus get rave reviews. Get to work with lots of very smart people, with mostly good attitudes. Very academic atmosphere where research and analysis of data is the preferred way to guide decisions.
Benefits Hourly Rate Professional Development Speaker Series Lunches with executives TGIF or TGIT Perks AMAZING CULTURE Top talent
Lots of opensource , good environment
Lots of mobility, opportunities to be creative and take the lead.
Lots of perks - amazing free food, micro kitchens stocked with snacks and any kind of beverage you'd want, baristas, fitness center, subsidized massages and more. They compensation is generous and most of the employees are very fun, nice and smart.
Google is a great company at the forefront of technological advancement. The pay and hours are good and the work culture is laid back.
Great people, lots of perks, awesome benefits, global scope.
Google has the clout and money necessary to provide all the resources necessary to succeed.
Tremendous opportunity to learn and develop a deep understanding of how global scale technologies and companies need to work. Huge investment in human capital
Growth potential, benefits, innovation, community contribution, health care,
I've gone from a new grade hire to the tech lead of a 8 person team in 2 1/2 years, and I've learned a ton along the way. Not every engineer you'll work with is amazing, some are just good, and a few are mediocre. However, so many are amazing that it's an absolute pleasure to work on the same codebase as they do.  And the top people are actually quite accessible - I've had questions I've sent to mailing lists get answered by the authors of the Java memory model, the Android framework, and BoringSSL.
good working environment, handsome salary,good growth and free lunch. you will learn lot of new things, diverse working environment.
Every perk you can imagine!
Lots of accomplished and diverse engineers around you, best practices are very refined, mentorship and sense of community between teams and buildings is very strong if you are willing to participate!
Excellent pay and benefits (by far the best software engineering pay I've seen in the Boston area). Higher bonus and stock than anywhere else, too. Extremely competent coworkers. Some interesting projects if you look for them. Work/life balance (read as 40 hrs workweek) is doable but you may feel a bit guilty about it as many self-impose longer hours or at least check email at crazy hours.
Great benefits, work life balance, growth opportunities. Promoted to lead expansion in new geos within 2 years. Fun outings and team building
Great place to work and build your career.
Great environment, lots of opportunities
Perks are too many to mention and with so many smart people to follow around you're going to learn a lot!
Great culture, it's up to you to make your impact, amazing technology, treat us like adults, food's awesome, total comp is really great (current stock price really helps!)
* Friendly and smart co worker * Good management which does not micro-manage * Nice products and teams to work with.
it was awesome I really liked the culture of Google. I loved coming to work everyday.
Great place to work at. Literally has everything you need to work, eat, and play.
I was experiencing great fulfillment working for such great Company, using my linguistic skills and Italian culture in a multicultural environment.
Great culture. Company really puts employee first.
flexible working hours and the work-life balance
Great place to work, lots of places to eat and drink
You'll get to work with a lot of smart folks...
Great coworkers, lots of opportunities
Google has a very open culture. Granted, being a large company, its ideals aren't always met, but the the culture of the company is to constantly strive to meet them. Among all the current large companies in the world, the culture is vastly superior.  They are also one of the highest payers in the field when comparing total compensation. Of course, the facilities are pretty legendary.
Great people, Great culture and Wonderful opportunities.
Constant change Incredibly bright colleagues Collaborative environment Cutting edge projects Ruth Porat, our new CFO who is doing great things
great perks and great work environment.
Open culture, fast moving, dynamic, ambitious, lots of perks, strong culture
1. The job is challenging and you get to learn. 2. Your teammates and colleague are generally very very smart and relatively nice.
Smart and engaging coworkers, free food/beverages, free transportation, free parking, access to Google events, free massages
Good perks, food, general Google lifestyle
-Amazing coworkers and teammates -Flexible work culture that's inspiring and motivating -Challenging work environment focused on personal development and growth with ability to focus on innovative projects with autonomy and support -Work life balance is truly encouraged at Google, people are hard working and smart and get their job done while balancing other prioroitis
Culture of innovation, appreciation for strong performance, high value placed on quality managers.
Good food. Good co-workers, Opportunities to leave the comapny
Free food, nice environment, decent salary, good company reputation, and a lot more great things.
(1) Countless perks that probably adds 20% to your base salary (including free food, transportation, gym, dance/sports classes, etc)  (2) Working with smart/Googley people (you can easily schedule one-to-one meetings with Googlers that are willing to teach a certain topic)  (3) Working for a company that cares about its employees
Great work Envirnoment and friendly staff.
Google offers real challenge to employees that want to work hard
Free meals, Easy going, laid back work environment.
Google is a good place to work with free food and great perks. the 20% time to work on own projects is a bit blown though
Opportunity to grow, training and integrity, people will feel good about themselg
They fly you out to Mountain View HQ over summer to get trained for a few days. You learn about the Google culture, explore their offices, and have fun with the other Ambassadors. All the Ambassadors stay in a hotel. During the daytime, you have a bunch of workshops at the offices and free food. At night you go back to the hotels and PARTY! Jk, well you can. Oh and everything is ALL EXPENSE PAID!
Salaries are competitive. Perks and benefits are great. The culture of "do no evil." is still alive.
Nice environment, good food, many fun
-Food -Great co-workers -Fun culture -Good name brand
The best part of the job is when you just talk with your mates and have fun because thats what it is all about.
The work is interesting, and not tedious or boring. The expectations are not unreasonable. There is room to grow, ands expand ones skill set using the 20% time. Coworkers are amazing and one learns a lot. Perks are pretty awesome
Great Company. The food is amazing. The people are brilliant, and the passion is palpable!
Great benefits and friendly people. Never had a terrible day here.
Lots of potential for learning on exciting projects
Relaxed atmosphere means you aren't having your back watched. Folks can inflate their performance if they want and don't have to work too hard. Probably put in realistically about 30 hours per week of real work. Great benefits including free meals, free barista, free juice bar, free on-site gym with trainers, lots of events including on-site presenters. Local and Global perks including discounts on EVERYTHING much like AAA does for their customers. You get 20% off Sonos, Nest and just about any brand out there.
Great benefits, opportunity to work with smart individuals. NYC building is gorgeous.
I am a people person, that I love to meet different people that makes your work environment goes really smooth.
Strong culture, lots of really smart people from whom you can learn a lot. Great resources, every aspect of company is innovative and doesn't settle for OK. Fun environment.
1. Good procedure 2. Everyone is nice 3. The interviewers are really friendly 4. Flight is very flexible
free snacks Things to do interesting projects would work there again for sure
Good money, good people, good food. Everyone I've worked with at Google has been a pleasure to work with.
You can take it easy.
good food and coffee free
very fun place to work, lots of smart people
it's generous to engineers, and more
It's Google. You work with smart people, work on interesting projects, and have fantastic perks. Work life balance was surprisingly good.
Imagine a place that you are working with the 20% people all the time, this is how it is working in Google. You can trust your co-working to get their part done almost 90+% of the time without nagging them.
Great benefits and work-life balance, smart people and interesting products
Google provides an opportunity to work with super smart, engaged people on exciting, fast-moving projects that have a huge impact. The wonderful benefits don't hurt, either.
work with smart people laid back environment learned a lot.
Culture, People, Experience, Mobility, Pace
loved everything about it. was a fun place to work
Lots of perks: free food, free gym, on site massages, great opportunities to learn about different areas of the business, excellent coworkers-a pleasure to work with most people at Google.
Smart people Tons of interesting projects Lots of new cool things to learn and contribute Other perks such as free food, massages etc
Great campus and intern culture
Excellent first company to join after college. Best launchpad for career.
good easy, fun, good management, smart
free food, massages, co workers and environment
Free stuff is pretty awesome
Tales of terrible work-life balance are exaggerated, tales of lavish benefits are not. 9-5 or 10-6 are pretty standard working hours, although some choose to work longer.  Managers are explicitly there to help you get ahead in your career - most take that to heart and act accordingly.  Strong culture of engineering well, rather than fast. Unit testing, code coverage, automated sanity checks, peer reviews, etc are the norm.  VERY socially responsible company, even more than they like to advertise. It's easy to feel proud to work for a company acting very intentionally to do great things for the world.
Great company, lots of interesting work, great coworkers, upward mobility.
Bright and engaging people, amazing financial and non-financial benefits, healthy work life balance. Easily the biggest advantage of working at Google is the people, extremely intelligent, team oriented, and genuine.
Flex time and once you leave work your day is done.
awesome people, great perks, best place to launch a career.
very engaging and creative work
Visionary leadership, interesting products, great brand, great perks, very focused on employee development/growth
really great opportunity to network and meet new people.
Its a great environment and i love it
Passionate people Great benefits Really good work life balance Management is strong here, haven't met many of the annoying PMs that don't understand engineering.
Amazing food, perks, people, etc
Perks, culture, coworkers are all spectacular
smart co-workers and they are nice ppl
Culture, people, opportunities, benefits. A lot of the people think Google is all about lava lamps, free food, big pay checks. If Google removes all of it, Google will still be Google
Best reasons to work at Google are being challenged by smart, creative people every day
great great pay and benefits
Great work conditions and good atmosphere also really nice benefits. Also the work space is really nice and love the free food
Wonderful mission from the founders and leaders, which truly trickle down to every aspect of the company. Employees feel connected and included in the amazing contributions made from the entire Google workforce. You can tell that the founders truly do have idealistic notions that permeate the culture and create an atmosphere that is difficult to find and authentically recreate.
Lots of autonomy, fun place to work, talented co-workers
Great to stay in google with open atmosphere
Great benefits and international career opps. Great infraestructure and facilities. Great work and life balance. Very smart people at several positions.
The basics, free food, good benefits (but now most tech companies have the same benefits), a lot of good people.
Free food, great campus, great space, great people, unlimited resources, always something to do
Smart coworkers, open culture, many challenging problems, good compensation, many good benefits if you take advantage of them
Great work environment and very much engineering focused
culture, people, benefits - 3 factors that contribute to the low attrition rate because employees enjoy the idea of coming to work and look forward to taking up new challenges
You can achieve great balance between life and work.  You can get fair pay comparing with other companies.
Good work-life balance. You can easily stay at T5 while working 40 hours a week. Technical depth. Google has many projects that are very technically deep.
Google has great coworkers, top-notch hardware and software infrastructure, excellent total compensation, lots of autonomy for workers, and excellent managers.
- Velocity - Tackle solid technical problems
Free, heathy food offerings, good benefits package
Google has amazing benefits and perks, a lively social atmosphere, and some of the most talented and bright sales people you'll meet
cool, smart people, pretty laid back, lots of the perks of being a google employee (e.g. games, lots of free food, etc)
Loved the people when I started, loved the perks, loved the flexibility and trust in employees. Awesome opportunities for side projects
Great company to work for, fun times and challenging problems every day of the week. great food also.
The best company in the world
Good people. great work environment.
Smart and interesting people. Great culture. Engineers rule. Fun work environment. Pretty open and transparent leadership. Clear career paths that strive to be a meritocracy. Yummy free food and snacks. I enjoyed my time there.
work-life balance, perks/benefits, impactful work, job security
We made the best tacos
Great people to work with. Lot of scope for career advancement. Good work/life balance.
work life balance. good working environment
Working in a company that makes amazing products, having access to amazing people, and being able to affect technology that will have an impact.
Fast Smart Rewarding People Location
Living the Google life. Having Google on your resume opens up doors for new opportunities. Name drop opportunities. Benefits. Building 50(the sports page)
Easy to recruiter folks when you have a big brand like Google behind you. My manager was generally available and was great about internal mobility.
There were a lot of perks, everyone raves about the breakfast, lunch and dinner. I guess it really helps with your productivity
Good work life balance. Great food :)
Great Food, Perks and Benefits
Great place to be great job
Google paid very well overall as long as you can pass the interviews.
the company has great perks and snacks
Best perks. Free food. competitive salary.
Great engineering teams. Great infrastructure.
Best places to work ever
-99% of the people you work with are brilliant, but are also not jerks -perks are amazing -food is great -work/life balance *can* be good, depending on what team you're on, who your manager is, etc.
There is always fascinating, challenging work to do and plenty of opportunity to improve professional skills. We have the resources we need to achieve our goals. We enjoy excellent benefits, and the over-all compensation packages are terrific. It is possible to achieve a healthy work-life balance.
Great teams, great products, great environment. Highly recommended.
Work at google to get free food
Great benefits, Free Food, Smart Coworkers, Impactful Projects
Amazing benefits, especially insurance and maternity leave
Had a lot of fun at this job. Was really cool to be working for google. Would recomend.
Your work gets a lot of exposure.
Nothing to add here unfortunately
Google is the most innovative large company that treats their employees well.
Great perks, work environment, free food
Working for a company that has massive scale, reach, and a positive influence on people every day. Transparency from the very top down. Opportunities to work with brilliant minds.
Free food, great benefits, flexible work environment.
very smart people, fascinating innovation, amazing perks
Great work life balance, amazing perks, smart and ambitious co-workers. Great lateral mobility opportunities at the company. Food is amazing too.
Google is perhaps the best big corporation you can work for which is well known so I don't have to write much here.
culture, products, impact, people, fun
Great company culture and benefits
All the benefits are amazing.
Great place to work at
Intellectual environment, fast paced and ambitious.
Brilliant people to work with and fantastic culture
Brilliant people organizing information. Doesn't get much better.
People, perks, energy, and environment.
Good food and amazing ppl to work with
Lot's of interesting projects to tackle.
Incredibly diverse company with great people tries to take over the world of information!
it was a really rich and positive experience
Great colleagues, competitive pay, industry leading benefits, nimble for a large company. The company is pursuing very lofty goals and really leading the industry on a number of fronts. After 8 years, Google is still a great place to work and I can't imagine working for any other company. The only thing that could pull me away would be to start my own venture.
Great food, perks, lifestyle. Really smart people to learn from. Lots of cool projects to contribute to.
Awesome people awesome culture awesome place to work free food
Free food, adventure, proximity to "Google"
Good food, good people, good position and good techniques.
Colleagues are smart, motivated, and nice. They keep me coming back. Vacation policy is pretty generous for US.
Wow I couldn't believe how amazing it was to work at Google. Amazing.
Super smart people, lots of free stuff. Amazing to work at Google, just to realize it's not all that.
Many smart people and nice people. People are very understanding and helpful. Lots of opportunity to learn if you actually make the effort to do so.
Challenging work, smart co-workers, less politics more work.
Great work-life balance. Very friendly and cooperative colleagues, partly due to the way we hand out promotions. Internally rather transparent and management seems to listen to what we want.
Everything is very very good
This is one of the most inspiring companies I've been involved with - they have a mission to change the way children are educated and a clear vision for how to help
Great experience! learned a lot with a lot of activities!
Amazing culture, smart people, great career opportunities, free food, benefits
Working with intelligent and innovative people.
Fun, caring, and overall great environment.
I got to work with a fabulous team with excellent dynamics, doing interesting work. The support for interns was definitely there, the perks were out of this world, and almost anyone was open for reaching out and grabbing a cup of coffee with.
Amazing perks and benefits Smart people who aren't afraid to try things out
the pros are that it's google
Culture, Benefits, workplace, research job
One of the best companies you could ever hope to work for The people are incredible Great location
flexible works hours are the best
* Google has, bar none, some of the best office schemes I've ever seen. Their conference room layouts make a lot of sense, and the designs and liveliness pouring through those walls were on another level.  * There are tons and tons AND TONS of teams at Google working on close to anything that you can think of, technical or not, and transferring between them is actually encouraged as long as you're on good standing performance-wise.  * Feedback is taken very seriously at Google. It's paramount to their culture and it shows: the Food department cares a lot about turning out high-quality food, People Ops does everything they can to make the employee experience a happy one, etc. Even though it's kind-of a talking piece now, the TGIF sessions with Larry, Sergey and top management are unprecedented.  * The food is quite good most of the time. Some of it's restaurant-quality, even. (It highly depends on the cafe you go to and the food you typically eat.)  * Aside from a tech startup, I can't think of any other place that's on the bleeding edge of technology at this scale. Google is highly, highly experimental, almost to a fault. (More on that in the "Cons.")  * Their benefits are really generous for a large org. They're not insanely so compared to others like them, but all of the basics (and then some!) are covered.  * If you like free stuff, Google will bury you with it over time. I didn't work there very long but somehow got two backpacks, a few shirts and a hoodie. Interns get way more stuff, though.
Google speaks for itself. Great resources, best minds in the world. Flat organization with high degree of autonomy
Great co-workers, managers and projects.
Huge infrastructure for employee benefits. Low risk. Work with smart people. Free food is convenient and healthy. Buses make the commute more tolerable. People usually given a high degree of independence and trust.
- high impact projects/teams - smart people - lots of projects and mobility between them - perks/benefits are amazing (12 weeks Paterntity leave?!?!) - don't be evil is still very real (at least better than many big companies this size), though there are obviously varying opinions in 100k employees
Great benefits, and get to work with some brilliant folk.
Free food free naps free massages cool and brilliant coworkers. Cool projects. Amazing campus. Shuttle buses. Interesting opportunities for career advancement
Excellent food and the location is good for many activities.
Everything is great to work for google.
Good communication in management Innovative working environment More vacation time Employee collaboration and engaging work groups
They have a great starting salary if you go to a top teir college and the people are so wonderful
Huge level of responsibility and interesting work
Lots of smart people, challenging work, and flexibility to move around to different teams.
Good compensation and benefits. Depending on the team, work can be interesting. Usually everybody on the team is smart.
Good pay Lots of responsibility High exposure
Food is very very good
Amazing management, perks, food, fun, coworkers, atmosphere, it was just a wonderful place to work.
Awesome place to work at. The perks are the best in the industry. Great Place to be.
Great People. Great Culture. Great Benefits.
Great benefits and company culture.
Relaxing work environment. Free food. Good benefits like 401k.
Entrepreneurial culture, very dynamic projects. The teams are made up of some of people with some of the most diverse backgrounds I have ever seen.
Treat employees really well Very nice culture Campus is like a University Google is changing the world!!
Great opportunity for growth. Smart people Lots of food! A huge opportunity to learn, a great place to start. Good management
Work/life balance. Feel like you are part of the company. Hard to be affected by cliques. Good abstraction of promo process. Rewarded for good work.
The salary is high, I couldn't make this much anywhere else. The health benefits and other perks don't get any better than this.
- nobody tells you what to do, you find your own problems and solve them - lots of trust placed in you
Good Benefit, promising projects, nice teams
Fun great excellent amazing outstan
good atmosphere, team environment, hard work
Overall Google is a great company with lots of benefits such as free food, gym, paid internet, cell phone, lots of vacation and free transportation.
Best density of talent at any large company, their office productivity suite (e.g. gmail) is definitely the best, food is quite good, especially the coffee barista
Great perks, smart people, good pay
Google set the bar for what all companies should strive for regarding culture and benefits. But the true secret to Google's success is a management philosophy of hiring the best people and trusting them to do their own work without top down hierarchical direction.
Very smart people and flexibility to choose your projects, to choose your research areas. Overall I think my coworkers are extremely well qualified for their job.
Google has amazing people working there, and they are eager to help you learn as much as possible. The other benefits are just icing on the cake.
Great perks, talented employees. Flexible hours, interesting projects - easy to move from team to team. Physical health prioritized with facilities on campus.
Healthcare plan Benefits and perks (when you get a chance to use it) Cool products
Awesome culture and co-workers. Really great work life balance.
- The people you work with! No matter what team you work on, you're going to work with lovely, interesting, and overall brilliant colleagues. The work itself and your clients are interesting and constantly changing. There is also the added benefit of plenty of opportunities for role changes and location changes all around the world
They do so much for the world. Amazing projects and initiatives taking place at the company.
It is great to work with smart coworkers. It saves a lot of time in making things clear. Most of the time communication is efficient, expect when there is conflicts among senior leaders.
great perks, great place to be
benefits (plus four more words)
- Talented Colleagues - Challenging problems in computing and great resources to solve them with - Great perks and benefits
Justification to purchase tools for the work is quick and easy
Challenging status quo and building software for a better tomorrow.
Smart engineers and brilliant computer science. Great facility. A rich assortment of on-campus perks. The meals. The visiting speakers. And the daily bus service helps tremendously.
Good technology, great people and huge profit from ads
It's fun you can do whatever you want. I work on !y own schedule so I have a lot of free time
Coding workflow and tools are streamlined and integrated, allowing you to focus on codin, solving problems, and working with team members.
They really care about your personal career path as well as your quality of life, so I got a really kind impression while I was an intern there. I also loved playing volleyball, and the Mountain View campus had great access to sand volleyball courts!
co-operation, High salary, new technologies ... etc
money, money, money, money, money. and the free food. free trainings. money. I would have quit a long time ago were it not for the money.
- Free Food! - Peers are helpful, intelligent, creative, and get along with pretty well. - Demos of projects makes team excited and hopeful.
Mentorship is baked into the internship program. My host was great, and we had weekly meetings to review feedback for each other.
Its a good job with good school medical and dental benefits
I felt like the company was truly invested in me (and my professional development) and that the people around me genuinely appreciated my contributions.
Cares about employees, self-starter culture
The products are world-class, the company culture is amazing, and the people are some of the smartest people you'll know.  Compensation is very competitive and there's a lot of perks to keep everybody happy.
Security. Google is a safe bet. Innovation is paced though, as with any developed company. All my time was spent in Google for Work org, which was very different from greater Google and had poor leadership. Was inconsequential enough that greater Google hadn't yet taken notice, but I predict a big shake up soon.
Amazing benefits Mountain View headquarters have everything you could ever want in an office Lots of incredibly smart coworkers
So much fun. Great people
The perks are awesome, specifically the gourmet food served for breakfast/lunch/dinner 5 days a week. The luxury shuttles are the most comfortable way to make the commute from SF and the 401K/health/dental plans are top notch. Super smart people and lots of projects going on that are changing the world.
Dynamic, fast-moving company Open, collaborative culture
It is a fun and exciting place for anybody to work with all the new and exciting things that they envint.
Great benefits. The best team I've ever worked with. Lots of team building opportunities.
good work envir, loveit, free food, flexible work hours
good experience, good people, good atmosphere, loved my co-workers, can be fun
Great perks, strong team in NYC
1) Open atmosphere and friendly coworkers 2) Opportunities to learn new technologies in different realms 3) Perks
I think it is fun and easy
Amazing team mates, great perks. Very fair in all processes
great compensation, great perks, brilliant coworkers. The food there is amazing, great leisure time and freedom to pursue my own interests.
The pay is great, the benefits are second to none. Dev hardware is insane, production resources are seemingly unlimited.
Culture has a noticeable focus on being nice to one another, get to work on exciting things
Smart people, interesting work, great perks, competitive salary, great place to start your career
Smartest collection of co-workers I've experienced Global scale projects to work on help make the work satisfying Even as it becomes more bureaucratic I always believed they genuinely care about their employees
Amazing people to work with and learn from.
clean environment nice work space
You can learn a lot from internal materials if you want to. Great culture. Perks, teammates are awesome. You can enjoy free food in lots of cafes.
Great benefits and good pay
Well-paid, fun, everyone is friendly, work as much you want and can do, off site visits, it's Google!
great benefits, fun environment, job stability, working on amazing projects with smart people that impact the whole world
Ability to switch between multiple groups. Never gets boring.
Nice place, cool team members
challenging but satisfying. Peer review makes you smile at others all the time
So much energy, very rewarding. Google is amazingly open and flexible. Work life balance can be what you want it to be on most teams. (Some teams are in more competitive sectors and require more crazy hours all the time - but very few of them).
Great environment, smart people, leadership is open and upfront, launch and iterate is real and helpful
Amazing work environment to work in
they care about their employees. it's a great place to work. ca might be a better environment, though.
Own Google Corporate credit card, top of the line cell phone, tablet combo,$65 a day food allowance, free monthly rental cars, travel to places ordinarily wouldn't be able to travel to, pay
The people are among the smartest, most driven co-workers. This made it a fantastic experience.
currently think out of none
Great exposure to the world's best technology
Benefits, variety of work, high learning curve
work with great people there.
Simply a great company that treats employees very well
They really take care of you, fast-paced, work hard play hard but the culture is great and they really do care about your career development rather than just the role that you can carry out for them
Google has excellent menu choices. The salary is high for a new grade. They have a very nice working environment.
Awesome perks, I am happy whenever I work on site.
Good company. Good benefits. Smart people
This is an excellent growth opportunity company.
Free food, nice work environment and nice salary. And lots of opportunity to be exposed to new technology. And everyone is friendly
Perks and the culture of the company
Benefits are amazing. Smart people in the engineering and professional departments.
I really enjoy working with my current team! Google, as everyone know, is a very innovative place and people thrive to invent new thing every day! I am glad to be part of the such successful company.
Treated well and as an equal
Gain in-depth technical skills working with highly competent and friendly coworkers.
Smart people, hard working, well known
Complete and powerful tool chain Good enough perks
Great place to work/perks/culture/fun/learning and very smart ambitious people to work with. Great name on your resume
Food, laundry, gym, bikes... Free? Fun and challenging
support, perks, culture, team, learning opportunities
collaboration, open culture, continuously challenging
Awesome perks (meals, snacks, coffee, events), great mentorship, work-life balance point, supportive community, and just an overall great internship experience.
The resident at the facility was very nice. My Co-workers were also nice. There was good teamwork even though we were short staff.
-not being micromanaged -ability to take control of your own path -perks make it seem like a company actually cares about employees. (positive surprises all over the place) -good funding opportunities for engineering projects
extremely smart co-workers, a lot of resources, excellent perks and working environment, modern internal tools, an innovative and smart environment. if you have an opportunity to work there, there's really little reason not to try it for a few years at least. if you thrive, you thrive, if you don't, it looks great on the resume. one of Google's main attractions as an employer is that it's really a win-win to work there.
perks, food, gym, culture, love, food, massage, location, fun, beers, events, working with young people and people that are smart
Excellent working environment, Great food from breakfast to dinner and free transport.
Great benefits and with okay salary for business side as well. Just a little bit down from management consulting firms. Once you are in the Google network, it will be easy for you to find jobs elsewhere too and the connections won't die after you leave.
The benefits are what you would dream of. Never pay for the dr again, eat anythign and everything you want. Smart people. Everything there just kind of 'works.' None of those annoying dead ends that other companies have.
Wants their employees to be happy, will do anything and everything they can do make this happen.
All expenses paid trip to Google HQ in Mountain View California
Great Working Environment. Great Perks
Benefits are as good as advertised. Company really does view its employees as its largest asset and takes care of them.
Lots of innovation, exciting projects, very smart people to collaborate with, mostly good work/life balance
It had a fun work environment, and people are amazing.
Sense of pride because you represent Google on your college campus, a lot of swag and some incentives. Good for making connections
Good Salary and benefits and emerging technology that gives good work experience. Work environment is good, and there are some employee discount perks.
Google has great amenities. You get free food, massages, gym. Great snacks and drinks. Friendly and smart co workers. More recruiters contact you.
Competitive compensation. World renown perks. Very smart coworkers. Impactful projects.
Awesome work life really got to enjoy myself and didnt feel like i was under to much pressure.
Work own schedule which is pretty good.
Amazing campus, food was wonderful, and the people are super friendly. I never wanted to leave
Freedom for self-motivated people to succeed. Upper management values ideas from individuals. Highly qualified and motivated co-workers. Best place to work.
Free food amazing perks and overall good pay and benefits and amazing challenges.
exciting, awesome, critical thinking, i really like it
It is very cool. That's all I have to say
Great perks--food is amazing and everywhere, bus service allows me to work while commuting, lots of on-campus amenities.
Awesome run. Great People. Managing "bigness" as well as can be expected
Super work Environment and great innovative Product
Great place to start a career or work for a while. You learn a ton of best practices, work in the great company which is Google, enjoy all of the amazing Google benefits, and get to work with awesome people. Also, it's a wonderful brand to be associated with, and you constantly learn innovative ideas and mindsets (especially if you go to TGIF).
perks, salary, benefits, brand name, prestige
Good Training, lots of exposer, mentorship Collaborative environment Metric Driven Goos quality people encourages good workers
The most obvious reasons, the ones you always hear, are absolutely true: Food, massage, freedom, games. You're spoiled, with good reason, and yes it really does help to increase productivity.
Great perks and benefits, decent compensation, brilliant people.
I may just have a great manager but we're given freedom to get out work done without being micromanaged. With the added benefits, I couldn't be happier with the workplace.
Very relaxed work place. Perks include great free food and drinks basically everywhere you go, and great coworkers. They give interns real projects as well.
Typical Tech Company with benefits
Great place to work, great perks. Ability to work with some extremely intelligent people. Always being surrounded by smart minds. Not a cutthroat atmosphere, yet the environment fosters work.
Good perks, free food, pool/gym Smart coworkers
There a good company and u will love what u do
No micromanagement, employees are empowered.
Culture, compensation & benefit, management, products. Almost everything.
Google has very good benefit including health insurance, 401k and free breafast, lunch, dinner. Google's compensation is also competitive.
Great work culture. Driven individuals. Fun place to work.
Great perks (food, gym, etc). Opportunities to transfer roles, transfer internationally etc. Respectful managers & team members.
Great company to work for.
Amazing benefits, co-workers, and insurance. There are opportunities for advancement and ability to travel worldwide.
Compensation and benefits Culture and team collaboration Intellectual horsepower
If you love computers then there is no better company than this. I got spoiled there because after the intership ended I then realized how bad other companies are
Great work and environment nice location and competitive salary
- Amazing perks - great salary - interesing problems - smart people
lots of flexibility, great perks, great colleagues, fantastic food, great learning experience, free education and health benefits.
-Great experience -Great team  You will meet some great people and have a wonderful experience. Everyone is so nice and welcoming. They all help you fit in.
Good it was pretty chill. I did a lot of programming and stuff. I met a lot of cool people. It was great. I would work there again. I hope this was helpful! Thanks for reading.
Interning at Google was an awesome experience overall.
great work place, lots of great, fun things to do at the office. Have great managers and co-workers. Just a fun place to work
Great Company to work for in the bay area
Very nice people and company. The work environment is very casual, but everyone is pushed to do their best work.
Google is the best company to work for. Great work life balance, free food, awesome perks and amazing coworkers!
Free food Good connections Great work life balance Lots of fun activities within team and within intern community Lots of employee benefits
Great company, strong management, there's no denying the intelligence of most (if not all) of the higher ups. Keep it up!
Reputable company the best in the industry with years of innovation behind it. They take care of their people with very competitive salaries working environment is spectacular with many amenities others could only wish for.
Friendly collaborative atmosphere, people care about doing a good job, and the food.
Lots of opportunity to work on substantive challenges. If you are willing to take responsibility for things, it's a place where you can get things done. The company is good at rewarding those who are able to make things happen.
Very good pay, hours, benefits. Great perks. Great benefits including insurance, dental, vision, child care. Highly recommend anyone working there.
Good company with a lot of benefits.
- smart people to work with (I mean really smart) - projects with big scale (up to billions users) - somewhat good perks
Incredibly smart people. Engineering focus. What the hell, Glassdoor, that wasn't five wrods?
1. Friendly and chill company culture 2. Lots of smart people to work with
benefits. long maternity and paternity leave. free food.
Good hours, pay, and benefits
I liked new tools for future
This is one of the largest, most successful companies in the world for a reason. They constantly push, constantly innovate, and come up with some of the most exciting products one can imagine selling. Life is never boring at Google, and I worked with several bright and motivated people. The campus is easily the best I've ever worked at, with enough perks (including the Google shuttle from where I live) to keep one there almost 24 hours a day.
Great Culture - Openness from senior management, how people are treated Great Coworkers - Smart and Hardworking Great Senior Leaders - Smart
pay for returning employees. Great perks for employees who do a good job and don't buy apple products. Good job for lazy people who don't want to be a manager.
Benefits: food, transportation, facilities, activities.
many great perks plus beautiful campus!
You can potentially get to work with great colleagues on great projects and overall simply enjoy going to work.
Very nice organization and a lot of great perks for employees.
Google offers free healthy food, onsite gyms, personal trainers, limited onsite health care, free buses to and from work. They also help work life balance by providing wifi on the buses so that work can be done while commuting. This means less time spent at the office.
Great environment, lots of learning opportunities
- great work environment - innovative team mates - clear vision and strategy - visibility
Free food, gym, laundry and flexible schedule.
Great job for a student!
relaxed work environment, great management, great atmosphere
It's a great place to start. You learn a lot. people are friendly. There are lots of bonus and advantages you can take
Benefits are the best out there nothing compares.
Nice environment, best cafe food in the world, basically a very nice place to have a career
1. Very flexible schedule and work environment 2. Smart and nice colleagues 3. Interesting and exciting TGIF 4. Interesting working projects
Having an impact on billions of people
Lots of scary smart people
Very exciting place to work
Flexibility to work from wherever and set your own schedule, opportunities to travel and work with customers and partners
I love the office atmosphere and the general work culture here. Very accommodating in terms of free lunches and facilities requests. The people I have contact with are knowledgeable and professional and I never feel pressured to work more than I am asked.
Great people. Great perks. Learned a ton, and learned how to not be constrained by conventional limits. Couldn't ask for a better job right out of school.
Performance review system -- it is objectively unbiased and fair. Hiring -- its impartial -- only good hires make it in. Food -- Matters more than you think. Peers -- Are interesting and good. Internal mobility -- Can and do change teams on an appropriate basis.
sleep pods are rad bros
3 free meals a day, average base, good stock, stable employment, relatively relax environment, a lot learning opportunity if you want to spend time.
Great culture and people who you work with
The work time is flexible. Free food.
Everything is great, they are the top company to work for, not shocking.
Great co-workers, roles and perks
Good workspace, positive people, fast computers.
It is a huge company with a lot of talented people and a lot of disputes
Great people, Great perks, Great company mission
Perks Pay Health Benefits Food Care for their employees
- great colleagues - huge amount of learning resources - great diversity training. It is actually very effective. - traveling opportunities. - great perks, food, discount, services. - huge versatility if you want to switch teams.
There are the most amazing people here! The people alone are what kept me here for so long. It's great to work at a company with a strong and clear mission. Note that it's pretty good work/life balance and you feel valued by the HR/benefits team due to the perks (ie: food, gym, shuttle, health/dental, discounts, dog-friendly workplace), etc.
Autonomy, working with outstanding peers, work/life balance, great bonuses for high performers
Advances in technology and science on a daily babsis
Free food, great people to work with
You got to tell people you worked for google.
Excellent benefits and great management who really care
- Autonomy to get your work done and hit your numbers - Great benefits - Recognize over and above thinking
Working with incredibly smart, passionate, positive people. Benefits (free food, massage credits, etc.) Working on products that have billions of users.
Colleagues are consistently capable and dedicated. Perks are of course good. Reasonably open culture. Excellent tools. Senior-level management appears to genuinely care about companies.
Collaborative & exciting atmosphere ("go change the world" attitude) Ambitious projects & people Great teammates Good benefits and support structures for employees and their families
Nice office, cafe, great team workers
- Smart people - Outstanding perks (gym, food, massage) - Good pay/benefits - World-changing culture from Larry and Sergey driving the mission of Google forward
Decent pay, and the facilities are great as expected. If there's one thing that I find that's good about this place it's the actual place. Other than that, nothing really.
Good at bonuses and paying and fun to work their
The tools I used were amazing and I felt really productive due to the great infrastructure. Overall, the people around me were very qualified and it was an ideal environment for career growth.
Extremely generous compensation packages that exceed what the rest of the industry provides and are close to those offered to similarly experienced software engineers. Lots more hardware engineering internally than is externally visible means there are good internal resources and people.
great perks work/life balance lots of smart people campus is super nice
Benefits are amazing. You get to work with awesome people to solve very complex problems at scale
I love Google as a company. I know it's the greatest place I'll ever work. The people are incredibly smart and the perks cannot be beat.
Solid engineering strength, smart colleagues, devoted attitude
The free food and benefits make leaving work in the evenings difficult!
Its not everyday that one can say that they get to participate creating Google. Best job in the world.
extremely good environment with great opportunities for advancement.
Benefits, travel, people. Lots of food, good amenities and the latest techonology. Best place to work for.
Few projects are very good and even onsite opportunities are there.
Great environment nice benefits . 5 interviews
Free food. Great perks. Awesome colleagues.
Great benefits and perks with Google!
You get to tell others that you work at Google. Hire smart, driven people. Health benefits, 401K matching, and other perks are amazing, namely the free food. Great office environment atmosphere. Overall belief in the company value and mission.
Outstanding peers. Everyone is the best person you've ever worked with in that field.
People, benefits, food, commodities and salary
They have great benefits. Have a variety of different jobs to choose from. Have good salaries and you can call them with any questions and they will do their best to get you an answer.
They are nice people, I like them.
they are so so everyhting
Very transparent, lots of room for dissent, lots of chances to have your opinion heard without judgment/fear
Ambitious and full of smart people who are trying to change the world. Always new challenges so you never stop learning and there is no time to get bored.
It's a good company for new grads - there's plenty of opportunities to learn, and it's especially great if you don't know what area you want to work in, so many teams are always hiring
- work with super smart motivated people - TGIF meetings are awesome - food is great - perks and benefits are excellent
Benefits are above average within business sectoe
Perks are very very nice
Smart people great place to work
it was a good first job out of college
Smart peers, lots of prestige
Great environment, with super smart people.
Too Many to count. there's a reason they get 3 million resumes a day.
Free lunch Free Gym Discounts on phone bill & many other things Great environment
Culture, benefits, career opportunities and overall work environment are pretty well-balanced and stimulating. Engineers have a pivot influence on the products.
Tight good job with great benefits
Smart coworkers, great benefits, tackling some of the world's biggest problems
Efficient, productive and very collaborative environment.
Full-time benefits. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner served at work. Fun and innovative work. Great activities on campus.
I will tell you that the greatest thing about working for google is alphabet. There. I. Said. It.
excellent workplace. creativity at its best
Great Work environment for eveybody!
-Your mom will be impressed -Easy money, free back rubs -You can leave for hours at a time and no one will know -Work with nice, smart people who also went to Stanford -Improved patience dealing with horrible traffic to Mountain View, slow bureaucracy -Do they add MDMA to the mint spa water in the cafes? You'll only know if you try!
Great project support, incredible perks, stellar management, tons of freedom to innovate. Lots of smart people around, too, in case you hit a road block on your project.
It is Google Everything is a Pro!
flexible schedule, decent hourly rate
The company sucks, everyone is over-employed and frustrated.
Food was ok campus was nice
nice culture and freedom, good mentor and training system
Great internal tools Pay is great Other companies will want to pay you lots of money if you worked here because they think it means something
- Amazing perks and benefits - Smart, capable, genuinely caring people (will depend on team - but 90% are in this bucket) - Great brand and resume builder, amazing opp to network with peers
Work with great people Incredible scope and impact Good benefits (base salary, stocks, healthcare, etc) Food and amenities on campus Great open culture. Founders are holding Q&A every week.
Great company with outstanding benifits
Free food unless it is an employee event if so you are denied of food. flexible schedule.
The company is well organized.
Excellent work environment. Helpful colleagues.
very nice work environment, encouraging, innovative
Benefits, pay, once Google is on your LinkedIn you can work anywhere
Amazing perks, wellness & doctors on-site, perks like transportation, free food, free microkitchen, incredible hardware to work with, amazing workplace flexibility, travels, great transport policy
It's Google. Comes with all you would expect.
Very innovative company. Excellent perks and benefits. Still at the bleeding edge of innovation with self driving cars and balloon-powered Internet.
Very rewarding working with employees to insure a safe work place and implementing corrective action. Working with a budget and vendors for materials and supplies to save the company a considerable amount of money.
Google is one of the biggest companies in the Silicon Valley with limitless opportunities and benefits for engineers. I would totally recommend trying yourself here.
Just an amazing engineering culture. Unbeatable development infrastructure and learning opportunities. Perks, compensation, work life balance.
For a big company, Google treats you incredibly well. You'll make a good amount of money, have job security, have all the benefits you could imagine, and be surrounded by generally intelligent people.
Great salary and benefits, working with the smartest and most intelligent people in the world. You will enjoy working at Google, and if you don't, there is probably something about you that needs working on.
Some best reasons to participate in Gishwhes is to let yourself be crazy and free, there's no reason to care what other people think of you because you is awesome.
Truely an amazing experience and a great environment.
The best employer you could imagine. Incredible perks and benefits, high salaries, smart colleagues, fast growth, world-changing impact.
Great total comp package and food
Everyone is so friendly and I enjoy working here
Pretty much all your colleagues are really good. There are lots of interesting projects. The company is very open internally. Benefits are great: food, shuttle, and more... Company culture is great.
Excellent culture, excellent pay and benefits, exciting technologies
-It's fun to get an inside look at what the company is doing -Free food -Great people -Very open culture with weekly company-wide Q&A sessions -Access to the best resources
The atmosphere of work and also the ability to coordinate projects with people who actually know what you're talking about
the people are great. benefits are amazing. the objective of the company (make information accessible) is, IMO, great.
The environment is great and also the salary is great, they make feel like they care for you, you get a lot of bennefits.
Great work environment and perks
Very Flexible, Good pay, Easy work, Not too strict, different locations to work from
Treats employee well, lots of opportunities
Great perks like amazing benefits, 401k match, and food / massages
Smart and motivated coworkers all around
Fun environment good people good pay feels good to be part of something big most people seem happy overall very solid I'm grateful
As an engineer: - Get to work on interesting technical challenges. - Amazing engineering culture to ramp up new grads.
Lots of food and free stuff
Exceptional people, good career opportunities
Free food, smart people, interesting products. Google has the resources to change the world, and I really feel like it is.
Great work environment, very bright minds, unbeatable perks. Good support system for new joiners, very clear career path for full time employees.
Challenging, new frontiers, job security, easier to move into different roles.
Smartest colleagues on the planet. Insanely massive user base. Killer infrastructure. Excellent perks.
Many projects to work on.  Lateral transfer is very easy, and expected.  Growing understanding of the importance of family, and that we're not all frat bros  The company mission(s) are laudable  The technology. Homegrown, and better for it.  Transparency!
Perks aside, here's a take on the pros of being a marketer at Google: 1. Opportunity to get on high impact and/or high reach projects, whether it's user or advertising products. When you announce something at Google, people pay attention, something that is definitely gratifying as a marketer. 2. Overall, most cross functional teams are pretty cool, whether it be working with BD, engineering, product, sales, or PR. 90% of the time one can learn a great deal from colleagues of a different group.
The people at Google are some of the smartest in the industry. I never questioned the competence of any of my coworkers, ever.  The perks were awesome, not just things like food and massages. There's a variety of awesome classes, workshops and lectures by famous people. It was like going to college again.
smart people, free food, H1B support
Good pay, good benefits, very little bureaucracy in the way of accessing user data to try and do cool things.
Lots of tools that help you grow
Fabulous interior, free food, smart people
Awesome workplace, great facilities , feels like u r in college again , free food. It's lovely to work in Google 😊
Great Company overall.., felt like my college campus
- Google makes much of the world's most popular software - most of the people are talented and great to work with - the perks are indeed great
Smart coworkers Unlimited resources to get results Ability to work on special projects to make an impact on teams Best place to learn and grow
Google has an amazing work environment that has made it one of the best places to work. I highly recommend this company.
Lots of perks, great people, awesome atmosphere, very flexible schedule, learn a lot from others
-There are occasionally some snacks in the MK, but they run out really quickly -You get decent pay for sitting around the downtown office most of the time -We have some cool events that can be fun to participate in -You get to meet a lot of people in the Austin community that you will run into multiple times -Great learning experience if you aren't the best at approaching/interacting with people-- you will be talking to people often
Still no doubt the best company to work for! You definitely will work with some most (at least highly) talented and smart people in the industry. Management seems to continue doing the right things and making mostly right decisions for the company (and for the world in many cases).
food, perks, smart people. Great work/life balance, good pay
Working on something I truly believe in, with people that I care about, for a company that cares about me. What more could I ask for??
Life work balance is great!
- Ability to work on BIG problems and have a huge impact worldwide  - Amazing salary, perks and more importantly colleagues
Best computer scientists in every field work here. Manages to keep bureaucracy down given it's size.
The company has a great culture.
- Working with some of the brightest minds in the world - Feeling connected to a giant mission - Perks and amenities are awesome - Open and extremely transparent about internal issues - Senior management cares and listens to workers
Great peers, great culture, great perks.
Google is working on a very diversified set of projects - there will always be something of interest to you, if you are willing to relocate to the head quarter.
People are top-notch. You work with people from all different backgrounds who are each smarter than the next. They're motivated, ambitious and best of all, collaborative.
Great people, cool project, a lot of perks including free meals, and shuttle if you like in the covered area.
The culture, people, compensation, perks, and benefits. Anything that you can think of.
Amazing leadership, strong core values, team based culture, intelligent and ambitious colleagues, perks and benefits are all fantastic.
The perks at Google are as awesome as advertised. The food is better than most restaurants, the office spaces and campuses are the envy of most college campuses, and the on-site massages are legendary. You will be working alongside extremely talented co-workers who will challenge you and force you to step up your game.
Great place to work and awesome office.
- Massive scale. I build user interface tools and libraries for the 50+ iOS teams at Google. - Exciting creative work across a variety of products. On any given week I'll consult with at least three or four different product teams. - Small teams having massive impacts. Many of our iOS teams have fewer than 5 engineers.
Google has great culture. People generally work there pretty happy. Google has great engineers and peers. People are friendly and helpful. Google has great leaders. Leader try to help people grow.
Nice office. Problems trying to solve is generally large scale.
amazing people, opportunities, perks, different ways to think of things encouraged
You will work with highly intelligent people who will always encourage you to push yourself and grow. You can learn a lot just from the people who surround you.
great environment with exciting co workers
Good good good good good
Nice atmosphere, very productive and fulfilling for employees
Its a good program called GSOC for open src projects
Surrounded by some of the most brilliant, creative people in the industry. Everyone is typically excited to work on their respective projects and unified behind the vision of the company.
Got to work with a large range of really strong, interesting people. I ended up wanting to stay and work late because most of the people I worked with were a lot of fun. It was great working with highly motivated individuals that wanted to change the world.
Great learning opportunity, many resources and contacts provided to nurture growth.
Amazing work environment, perfect coworkers.
great place to work pays wells and takes care of employees
Moving at the speed of light. Founders care about the world and technology.
Lively young employee force, great office spaces and increasing presence in the Austin area with new planned office space for 2017.
People are super smart, the atmosphere is amazing -- really love working here.
Work life balance Good opportunities for professional development It is fun to work there Launches are quite a fulfilling thing
It was a fascinating, one of a kind place to work.
Very advanced technologies Smart coworkers Management is effective. Treats employees very well.
Some of the smartest people in the world
You live in the magical google campus and get free food
Smart co-workers, interesting work, fun to be at a high-profile place, perks are good.
Very open atmosphere. They have everything you might ever need and more. 20+ cafes to eat at, all very good.
Everything you read is true. Great people are above all else the best perk of working there.
Great work culture Exciting opportunities Really smart people
Great culture and you get to work with bright and smart professionals. Loved the free meals although after a while you do get tired of that as well
Everyone works together to achieve big and have fun while doing it. The perks are unbelievable (food, massage, gyms, discounts, etc) but the best part is being surrounded by such amazing talent. It's truly inspiring.
Huge flexibility, as an engineer you can work on any project you want. Flat org structure, to get things done you talk to other engineers rather than managers.
Great people Open, laidback culture Opportunity to learn and develop skills
Autonomy in all we do: supplier selection, system design strategy, scheduling, networking Cross-functional teams and collaboration with outstanding peers Stock, perks, campus amenities
You get free food, constant stock refreshes, great amenities and smart people to work with. What more could you want from a big company?
Google is an incredible company which takes good care of its employees. You'll enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and the perks.
Brilliant, yet humble coworkers. Anything you want to learn (professional or not) is a lunch meeting away. Opportunities to make huge impact.
Growth, Peers, Benefits, Challenges, Industry leader
Everything is as good as they say it is.
Best pay (whole package)! Chances to learn from the best, talented people.
Lots of great perks, salary, food, etc. The work can be interesting and challenging when on the right team.
Awesome company. Great benefits. Free food.
Friendly nice homely cool outstanding
1. people are nice, and you will become a nice guy. 2. you feel safe working in such a big company, never worried about being fired
Open, energetic environment, very fast-paced.
Interesting work, smart peers, good perks
Great benefits, perks, good work-life balance
Surrounded by some of the smartest people in the world, doing meaningful projects and always learning.
Benefits and Salary are amazing. The bonus structure is great if you have a good manager. Having Google on your resume allows you to do pretty much anything.
Colleagues, culture, resources, perks, benefits
Free food Good benefits Lots of different projects you can work on
Head and fast learner, willing and wanting to learn
Loved the opportunity to meet new people, learn about different parts of the company, really enjoyed weekly all-hands, and company wide meetings that helped me better learn the initiatives the team was taking on
Better than working for Verizon. This place actually cares about you. Other companies should follow their lead.
The legendary perks are true (free gourmet food, on-site top quality fitness center, barista bar, massages available on-site, etc.), but the perks are trivial compared to the fantastic culture and positive, supportive work environment. Open, inclusive culture where people treat each other with dignity and respect. People are highly-skilled, highly-intelligent, and managers are expected to be inclusive, approachable, and respectful....and they are.
Can lean a lot and lots of opportunities
- Free food, laundry service, home internet expense reimbursement, education reimbursement, 410K matching, etc. - Still a very engineering centric culture. - Great pay, lots of opportunities to transfer to new roles internally. - Larry Page is a great CEO.
Good work environment. Scope to self improvement and there by company growth.
Googlers are charismatic Middle management is awesome Failures aren't individually blamed, usually seen as a problem with a system - not an individual Compensation is great Food is amazing TGIF is where it's at, Larry and Sergey are hilarious and the transparent info you get is awesome.
I love everything about working at Google.
Great company perks, including base pay and equity. Depending on team, culture can be collaborative and helpful.
- Mammoth organization, high-end tool access, multiple global team collaborations, project funds - Marketshare, gives the edge with clients - Catered lunches & office shuttles
Great, fun place. Cutting edge technology.
Really enjoyed my time at Google. The people are great and the environment is amazing. I was there for 2 years and learned a lot.
Be a part of a world-class, high profile company that does inspiring things every day. Culture of curiosity and scrappiness. You'll work with people and projects that will move you to tears how passionate everyone involved is.
If innovative product, great people, high profile, new challenges
offers a lot of amenities like free food, coffee, etc..
Good place to work. Happy EVERYDAY
-Smart, dedicated teammates -Lots of different products to work on -Inspiring vision for the future of technology
Great company that does its best to keep values strong as they grew from 50 to 50,000 internationally. Obviously the perks are great, but also amazing opportunities to get involved with projects that unite different ends of the organization.
good place to work at.
Google adds sp much to your resume and they are awesome people to work with
Engineers are some of the best I have worked with in the industry Focus on problem-solving Machine learning is world class Privacy is a priority
-great name recognition -super smart employees -challenging work -excellent benefits and perks -fun workplace culture -very analytical and process oriented
- Great people. You can rely on and learn a lot from colleagues. - Good salary and perks
Nice People / Team Members Perks Comp
Technology, work culture, recognition, employee friendly environment
Good pay and lots of fun
if you want impact, google is a good place to start because of the large number of users there. Even if your change just affect <1% of queries, that's easily hundreds of millions users a month.  infrastructure is also great, you get less distracted and get to focus on quality tuning.
I felt very honored working with top-notch software engineers at google. Everyone here is amazing and lives and breaths the programming languages. Personally, if you love your job, come to Google. You'll be around with people who love their job and know what they are doing.
Powerful employee enablement and work life balance.
- good pay - good work life balance
Good pay, awesome benefits
Amazing benefits, focus on development for employees, cool projects
challenging projects, flexibility, great colleagues, wonderful perks
Best company on the planet to work for
Benefits and quality of coworkers
Everything, food, environment, friends, best place to work
fair, respectful, innovative, talented co-workers, fair pay, good programs
great environment, great people, recommended
relax and flexible working environment
Challenge Autonomy Scale Data  All these things are unmatched at both Google and within the sales org
Great benefits that make balance better
1. All the perks you've heard about. Gym, dogs, laundry, etc.  2. Prestige. Nothing like being able to say you work at Google.  3. Food. There is no shortage of amazing things to eat there.
Great perks and benefits and compensation. Some departments/roles have a lot of flexibility.
great, smart people. some interesting work to be done
Google is famous for good reason. The culture is terrific, the perks are great, and the rewards are meritocratic, which is great because your peers are fabulous. You will never meet people smarter and more dedicated than Google colleagues.Plus, depending on your division and interest you really do have opportunity to solve interesting problems.
Has all the advantages of a large company.
Tons of perks, can be intellectually challenging
Good team good people all around
Diverse work environment Something new to learn everyday Very casual Rewards hard work Good coworkers, very creative people. good compensation.
Smartest people you'll ever work with
Perks of onsite meals and amenities.
Great people and lots of growth
Cool projects to work on and lots of great perks for the employees. A very empowered culture where people want you to take chances.
Work life balance, pay, benefits. Overall highly recommended place to work. Additionally, Working at Google looks great on your resume
Fantastic culture - my team was extremely welcoming. I was interning in Moutain View, which has a beautiful office and the weather was fantastic.
The pros of working here are that they have great pay. They also have work bonus after a certain amount of days that your employed and yearly
Very cool people and offices. If you like to work for an innovative company: this is the best company to work for.
Great company with a lot of amazing perks!
This place is the Bees Knees
Financially sound company with great resources. Casual attire encouraged for all employees.
Really smart and committed people A company that wants to make a difference Amazing transparency and innovation
Excellent pay, stock, bonus and combined benefits package.
Lots of perks. Great work-life balance. And awesome people to work with.
Pay and benefits are good. Progressive environment, treated well as a woman here.
- Amenities - Compensation - Ability to move horizontally - Powerful infrastructure and tools - Dog friendly
Great perks and smart people. It really is the place that you hear about.
- Experienced, talented and helpful co-workers - Lots of opportunities to learns for a fresh-out-of college engineer - Great perks and reasonable work-life balance
motivated and friendly work environment
almost never fire anyone at work
Freedom to work however works best for you. Whether you are a low-level engineer or a top manager, all people are treated equally during technical discussions.
Getting to work with great minds on the forefront of technology
-great benefits and perks -fast pace and innovative
Love it Great Excellent Innovative Spectacular
a lot of opportunity. really string people
Good place to work at
Amazing coworkers and perks. Loved coming in to work every day. It's a huge resume booster to work at Google.
great perks, smart and self-driven coworkers
A big community of professionals in Computer Vision, who want to help you to work with them.
Fun place to work now
Good work culture. Great employee benefits. Good work life balance. Access to gyms, soccer, swimming pool. Good food and last but not least challenging work.
Very smart experienced engineers. Great benefits. Job security
Free food, close to CalTrain and Light rail, name recognition, and easy access by hwy 101 & Central Expressway, google bus possibly available
Relevant products, talented people to work with, great global brand
Very good work atmosphere, amazing benefits
Very creative work place. Great culture.
New ideas appreciated flexible work environment
Great work environment. Everybody is motivated and they help you whenever you need help. Internal tools are great
-The perks are of course the best thing about working here (food, gym, on-site laundry, 401k matching, etc, etc). That it's the first thing mentioned is kind of analogous to people first mentioning "good weather" when talking about the pros California.  -Author talks at Google are good opportunities to meet authors, and offer nice perspectives from outside the tech bubble. I need to take advantage of this more.  -Engineering culture. I've worked at places before that treated engineers as more of a means to an end, instead of involving them more in the process. Nice role reversal here, though it probably still needs some balance.  -Looks good on your resume  -Good place to start your career, though be careful because you can't take much with you (or you will want to recreate tech on the outside when you get out).  -20% time still exists (depends on the team)  -work-life balance (depends on the team)  -Can become too comfortable and insular and not challenging, which can hurt your career later on. Don't get too comfortable or you'll get trapped here.
All the perks that you could behold in your inner mind. Chance to work on meaningful technology.
Experience, Opportunities, Location, Coworkers, Resume Builder
Food, travel, and career trajectory are all amazing.
Great benefits. Great people to work with.
Takes amazing care of its employees. Great people, great resources, great perks--food, benefits, office space..
Friendly, energetic, fun, get to be outdoors
Great People, Amazing Environment, Fantastic Benefits!!
good work culture and ethics.
Build interesting software infrastructure in a company that values engineering. Work with really bright co-workers and build atop an awesome code-base.
Good benefits. Formally company care about every employee and has a great culture.
the people. working with awesome clients. free food. access to incredible resources. all the cool things that google does
Incredibly smart, motivated, diverse and exciting people Best perks around Huge range of projects
Amazing people, cool problems, great perks.
Coding all day long. Free food, free gym.
It's a great place to work
renumeration was very satisfying, lots of benefits
great benefits, lots of smart people
Amazing culture, people, projects, benefits, and career opportunities.
1- Great Environment 2- Highly Energetic 3- Great People
Lots of great people and overall great company - can't go wrong working for Google!
salary is very good in india or us
Best place I've ever worked
- Freedom work methodology - Lots of amazing intellect among Googlers - Fun, innovative - Extremely transparent leadership (for the most part)
Free Food. Awesome People. Great Environment. Challenging Projects. Ability to impact Billions !
Terrific colleagues. Growing business. Amazing spirit and smarts. Great food.
There are many work to my like this some good people our help me
Great perks, team and work environment. The company is very transparent and gives lots of freedom for the employees to pursue their interests.
Great pay, perks, benefits and work environment. Also leadership is generally very supportive of allowing flexible work hours and location (i.e. wfh).
Amazing perks all around Opportunity to work with some of the best and brightest Knowing your company impacts millions of people every day
Good payment .flexible working hours.many advantages.hoping to be indoors for a longer period
Working with really top-notch people compared to other companies in the industry Cutting edge technology Great willingness to spend on tech and development Volleyball over lunch Very good pay, I got a >$100k pay raise (total comp) coming from IBM Interesting projects Promotion process is at least accessible -- you know what promotion and success looks like
Great benefits, pay, and people. They make the best products and have the best developers in the world.
Best place I've worked to date.
innovation, Data, Deep Pockets, Smart People, Free Food
I'll get chance to show my creativity in open environment. I will learn more and faster. I will move parallel with the the technology .
Amazing smart nice colleagues, great pay, great benefits, wonderful food, interesting work, huge impact, constant challenge, never boring, casual attire, flexible work hours
Well i can work anywhere thats makes me some money & has respectable workers.
I like that I have challenging projects to work on, and there is never a shortage of work My colleagues are intelligent. The famous perks are true, when you have the time to take advantage of it that is. Work/Life balance
Excellent benefits and compensation, interesting work atmosphere
competitive environment, you learn a lot from people with different background.
- Working with great people - Working on the largest systems in the world - Great developer support and dev environment - Good food - Focus on company culture
It was a very good company
Unprecedented amount of ambitious projects with brilliant colleagues and plenty of resources. Really changing industries on multiple fronts.
great perks, most people in the company are smart and competent. internal mobility is also great from what I've seen.
Company is building interesting products with cutting edge technology, this can really help you ramp up and work with cool and fun stuff.
Amazing Perks. Innovative. Many cross-training opportunities.
Great benefits and perks, salaries are competitive. Work environment is flexible and management tries to cater to work/life balance (of course depends on team). Plenty of opportunity to work on different projects as internal transfers are pretty common.
The employees are sharp and have good work ethics. Management seems to recognize and appreciate their employees' work. The snacks, food and work out facilities are a plus.
Everything you already know about.
Interesting and complex stuff to work on, at Google scale. Talented engineers to work with. Very flexible schedule, awesome perks, etc.
Culture, Environment, Challenges, Colleagues, Cutting edge technology
Wonderful company to work in.
Google treats its people as though they matter.
Decent perks,free food, transportation(although somewhat in-convent and slow) you don't have to work very hard compared to other competitors
-Opportunity to work with intelligent and friendly group of colleagues, and to meet friends around the world -Excellent benefits (Healthcare, 401K matching, stock shares, etc.) -Ability to learn grow into new roles, even without formal background (many people hired into Sales and Support roles have liberal arts degrees)
Google is maintaining its agility and user-focus by transforming areas of Google into a conglomerate of entities, keeping politics and bureaucracy low as it continues to grow.
Great people, pay and benefits
It's overwhelming when you first join but Google gives its employees the time and support they need to get up to speed with all the amazing and crazy internal tools.  Plus, they take care of you. You're never in need of something to get the job done.  The fellow people they hire are all very interesting and friendly folks (in general)
good food, fun activities, ok salary
You'll work with some of the smartest, most capable engineers in the world on products that have large audiences. If you're close to research, you'll be doing cutting edge work that gets used. The culture is still about doing great things with integrity. The performance review process strives to ensure egalitarianism. The benefits and infrastructure are outstanding.
Smart people. Relatively fluid communications between management and employees and between teams. Senior management tries to stay in touch with employees. Good perks (food, microkitchens, transportation, etc.).
High degree of Autonomy and responsibility, large user base and resources to build stuff for them, smart people, good pay and benefits.
There are enough free food, amenities, and parties that you never need leave campus. Everybody is friendly. Lots of things to work on.
Great free food, decent salary, high impact work
Great people, friendly culture, infrastructure
Focus on doing the right thing for the user, hyper growth, infinite financial resources, and fantastic perks.
Very good culture, people are on CE and talented. Food is great, perks are top.
good salary, smart people, complete service, and so on.
Opportunities for impact on many users
amazing environment, surrounded by incredible smart people trying to change the world. Everyone thinks BIG! Constantly challenged
It's google-smart folks. Flexible schedules allow for optimum work life balance. who runs the world- aapl and goog. Who else?
Freedom to do what you love. Great, smart people, great benefits. Projects that make a difference in the world.
Excellent benefits and intelligent people. Everyday was a pleasure to be there.
Salary Benefits Co-workers Internet speeds I was a fan of how the place was set up, an interesting vibe for sure.
Great pay, benefits, and flexible schedule
It's everything I expected of Google. Super smart dedicated people. Great projects.
Good salary and pluses are available
The free food is absolutely delicious (and healthy).
Working with smart people. Money. Excellent infrastructure.
Google is extremely efficient. It was a pleasure to work with very talented peers who value economy of conversation, code, and clicks. Google is by far the fastest-paced work environment I have ever experienced. There was very little time wasted on the mundane such as coordinating meetings, status reporting, etc. Also, especially earlier in my tenure there, I felt a great deal of empowerment to do what's right for our end user base (in my case, developers). The perks and food are great, as everyone knows.
Personable people, meticulous organization despite its complexity
Free food was great and different menu everyday. Great co-workers also!
Independent work environment. Great pay.
Excellent Perks Great culture Healthy life/work balance Generous compensation Free thinking, questioning of status quo is encouraged
Happy environment and great work culture
Treat employees very well especially with perks.
One of the best companies in the world
-Senior Leaders are great and have a great vision for the company -Perks and pay are very good!
Good only for white people
Many talented smart people with lots of interesting and ambitious projects to work on.
Amazing place to work. Challenging work environment. Considerate peers.
- Fun, incredibly intelligent co-workers - The perks, of course - Internal mobility to switch within the company
Great company. I really enjoyed working here a lot. It was really good to work here.
It's simply the best. The company's leaders are transparent with their employees, offer great opportunities for advancement, and they listen. I really enjoyed my time at Google. I only left due to a move I needed to make.
Great benefits, excellent culture and good people. Brand definitely doesn't hurt when it comes to standing out. Felt that projects were meaningful and impactful.
Lots of perks and amenities
Smart people, great work environment, access to senior people, doing big things with big impact
Absolutely great place. Very, very smart co-workers engaged in doing amazing stuff.
+ Co-workers + Benefits + Environment + Salary
they have flexible time management
Awesome perks, great people and manager
Great work-life balance, compensation, and perks. Awesome colleagues to work with. Lots of exciting projects to choose from. Flexibility in switching teams.
Great products to sell, great people to work with. Smart, well rounded. Team environment. Good emphasis on career development.
- Smart colleagues - Breadth of opportunities internally - Solid benefits
Great working environment for all
one of the best tech companies to work in.it provides one of the best work environment which will help you in focusing on your work.
Incredibly intelligent and passionate individuals create a wonderful place to learn and grow Collectively shared inspiring vision Transparency and trust from leadership
Great people, great perks, and exciting future. Transparency within the company is amazing
Amazing colleagues Unmatched benefits and perks
Value creativity. Value technologies. A lot of smart people.
Benefits. Colleagues are great, smart, passionate, driven Base pay Impact is great
it's a good place. they have great food
Working with great people. Most team members and leaders are very smart and passionate. I always learn something from my colleagues.
You get to work on large scale, real-world, high impact problems
Culture, People, Opportunities for Growth, Exciting Projects
Perks and benefits, free food
Great Benefits and fun place with great coworkers
Innovation, Benefits, Coworkers, Work-life balance
Lots of Perks, Awesome, smart people to work with
because workspace and observe proper order,as well as to your credit and experienced employees and professional employers.Adequate publice sevices. Due to an increase motivation and my talent at work.
Free food is great, management is flexible.
Pretty much everything: salary, benefits, people, managers. It was all awesome. I would love to work at Google again in a location with better commutes or lower cost of living.
Great Environment, Great Perks, Great culture!
Fast paced work, self motivating, encourages to exceed expectations met by infographic, dynamic test.
I've worked at several Fortune 100 companies, and Google is - by far - the best when it comes to caring about employee satisfaction and happiness. I get to focus on the work I love without the administrative nonsense of similar jobs.
Good food, few amazing colleagues, extensive benefits plan
They have some very talented staff that Is There just for the money. Great jingle commercials and good partnerships with product manufacturers, lots and lots of great backdoor deals.
Best work place. Great environment to grow.
great work experience, some of the best people work here with amazing knowledge
A great place to work with an awesome team environment. Great room for growth and development throughout entire organization.
Continuous work and rewarding challenges
Great Perks, highly talented people and good environment
- Plenty of career opportunities. - Incredibly smart colleagues. - Plenty of amazing perks. - Free food.
Great culture, great people. Very high caliber.
As good as a company at scale can be. Great access to tools and metrics, impact on a global scale. Smart people abound.
Interesting projects. Ability to learn and work with smart people. Perks. Opportunities to travel/move to another location.
Some of the best benefits around.
Well, you might say that it's the on-site perks that are great, but really it's all an illusion because this company operates like the Borg and expects everyone to come in, conform, and become appendages to each other and the company as a whole. Also, having free food at work is nice, if only they offered heart-healthy, diabetic-friendly options. Too bad the campus isn't in a better location -- like a downtown San Francisco one where you at least had other options within walking distance. You can take the shuttle to work, true, but that keeps you trapped in a confined space for a long period of time with other Googlers. Not a pleasant experience.
Smart people and an interesting business with lots of constant change. Great amenities and compensation, perks are the best, but also seem designed to keep you at the office. Stay on top of your game 24/7 and you'll be successful. Tons of growth potential for go-getters. Great tips and resources are offered for work-life balance, though not sure the workforce buys into it.
Google employs some of the smartest people I've ever worked with. I've learned so much in my time there. It's a great place learn to work with big and messy data.
- Great perks. - Extremely smart co-workers. - Fantastic infrastructure and programming practices. - Lots of opportunities for development.
Very good food and work life balance
Good culture. Good ambiance. Amazing food. Amazing perks. Good management style in general. Very transparent. Very systematic about people's development -- provides useful training on campus.
Great people Great benefits (401K, healthcare, dental is so so) Great perks (internet and phone subsidy, transportation benefits)
Builds lot of data skills but using SQL and excel. Also help with learning how to negotiate.
people and perks are top notch
Nice work place, good perks
you get lots of freedom
great perks , smart people
Perks, perks, and perks. I think the benefits package is second to none. The people are great and nice. Plenty of pros, just google it.
Everyone knows the amazing benefits, perks and general culture that Google has. In addition to that because of the number of areas that Google is in, you never get bored. It is very easy to move around in the company and you will always be able to find something of interest within the company.
Great perks, people, and career mobility
Through the ups and downs of the economy, Google has been a stable employer. A while ago, it also took on big challenges and with focus, executed them successfully.
1. Great office decoration. Very nice to show off to your friends about the working environment. 2. Decent compensation. 3. Great brand value all around the world, immediately respect from strangers once mention your employer name as it's so famous. Also Google brand is useful to land next jobs. 4. Still relevant development technologies, useful to future software jobs.
A lot of flexibility of when you get in, when you leave, or if you have some personal stuff to take care of.
Lots of opportunities, the salary is great, you are essentially helping millions of people in better technology.
Salary, people, perks. Learn from some of the best co-workers
Transparency, amazing benefits, genuine investment in education, kind and generous culture, smart and capable coworkers, many travel opportunities
Great benefits and work environment
I was simply expected to exist in the banal pointless but over optimistic environment of a modern office. The job was easy but ontologically harrowing.
Huge career growth potential and just a downright fun place to work.
Amazing perks and compensation Opportunity to work with incredibly smart people Work on cool, strategic problems that can be really outlandish and experimental See across all levels of the organization
Recognition among family and friends Free bus service to the city
Take away everything else, and the reason to work at Google is the people. I've learned more here than I have anywhere else, and everyone I've worked with has been mutually interested in improving each other. Being able to attend engineering talks by people all over the organization (and world) is a hugely enriching experience.  Beyond that, all the perks are great:   - Opportunity to make changes that affect huge numbers of users   - Employees are judged by their contributions: nobody cares when you're in the office. It's very easy to set your own work life balance. Management knows that happy well-balanced workers are the most productive ones.   - Incredible build environment: there's a huge amount of power at a developer's fingertips. Reviewing, testing, and code health are taken seriously.   - Fascinating infrastructure: the internal environment is very open, and it's thrilling to be able to poke around and see how the Google machine ticks.   - Leadership keeps us in the loop: we may not always like what they have to say, but we get weekly opportunities to ask upper management questions.   - Tons of delicious food and snacks with huge variety: I've started eating five small meals on workdays instead of three big ones.   - Ability to job hunt internally: if you get tired of doing what you're doing, you can do a mini job application to start with a new team.   - Medical benefits: I'm continually surprised at what's covered with just a $15 copay.   - Parties: Halloween and Christmas mean big fun elaborate parties, and there are lower key events like stargazing parties too.   - Transportation: don't get me wrong, bay area traffic sucks, but being able to take a shuttle instead of driving gives me a good opportunity to get reading done without having to worry about transfers or other public transit snags.   - Stock awards with value: sure, I missed the high risk high reward boat on this, but I probably would have bought Google stock even if I never worked here.   - One hell of a rubber stamp for my resume in my eventual future job finding endeavors.
Great people that care, free food
Great environment and great people to work with.
I worked at google for about 4 years now. I love love love it. smart amazing people who get stuff done. Quality of engineers is on the decline lately though.
Smart people, still taking chances
-The smartest, most interesting people I've ever worked with -Amazing perks and benefits - almost too many if that's possible! -Strength of the Google brand to open doors
Innovation, culture, perks, technological infrastructure.
best place in the world to work
The vision of the company is genuine. Your family and friends love that you work there. The benefits are unparalleled.
Definitely the most amazing company on the Earth
The food, the fun, the people - the culture is great. They really try to hire for "googleyness" and that makes it fun.
Food everywhere, best employee facility
Great work environment for interns
Perks, Salary, Work Environment, Food, Relocation
Perks, food, resources, people, access to community organizations. Google treats its employees well but it can be somewhat soul sucking.
Google offers many great opportunities to its employees, and it allows its employees to have access to many great facilities. Google also offers transportation to employees.
Thing change enough to keep it interesting. Lots of opportunity to make an impact.
Very good, competive, a lot of activities
Great environment for innovation - you'll have the freedom to build on your ideas and even create your own job
Free food, free bus ride, it's the chocolate factory and it's everything you've heard.
There is a huge variety of technology to build and utilize. Some roles require spinning up jobs across a huge number of machines where others are similarly challenging by targeting a wide variety of client hardware.
Great benefits, easygoing staff, easy to change projects
flexible work schedule hard problems smart people great perks/money
Great company great benefits. Work/life balance totally depends on the team - some are great some are terrible.
- fun work that impacts millions of people and is helping to change the world - always learning and growing, peers are brilliant and help you grow - great compensation - great food - flexible work hours - a surprising amount of transparency from 'the top'
Smartest people to work with
Free food, wonderful amenities, quick environment
Working in a different environment, with multi levels of executives. Interesting and very challenging. Something new every day.
There isn't much to say here...I mean the world is becoming more digital and google is on the rise...their expansions are ridiculous. They should loosen up though at times
Very kind people, managers concerned with your overall well-being
Amazingly talented people work at Google. They're eager, smart and willing to help. There are amazing ideas that float around and resources to make those things happen.
- work/life balance - charitable giving and matching - most people you work with - extremely intelligent and fun to work with - benefits and perks - organizations mission and values
benefits (although shrinking), perks, flexibility to work from different offices, and cache of working a large tech firm
Free food, lots of other benefits onsite.
money,ex,power, very good people to work with
Fabulous perks, salary and fun environment!
The leadership at the company is strong. The culture is great. The workplace is a great place to work in
Everything you hear about Google is true -- free perks, lunch, dinner, dentist on-site. It feels like an idealistic utopia. Lots of super smart people, but sometimes high ego and out of touch with reality.
Fast learning environment, great benefits, had a good time working there
Great perks and benefits. Nice facilities.
Salary is incredible, with annual bonus and stock grant refreshes. Benefits and perks are outstanding. You won't find a total compensation package this good anywhere else. Best of all, people look at you like you're a rock star when you tell them where you work.
everything about Google is fantastic, they treat their employees super well and hire talented staff across the board. hard to get a job here but well worth the work
The perks of food and recreation are not everything. I am so happy to have been part of this amazing culture.
Motivated and intelligent coworkers. Good food, snacks, and drinks. Opportunities for business travel. Internal transfer is highly supported. Engaging work and the (potential) ability to have a large impact. People generally behave predictably and professionally. Numerous company sponsored activities, groups, and classes. Shuttle system is efficient if you can handle the 2 to 4 hour round trip commute from SF.
Good work life balance. Good benefits. Good job security.
Friendly co-workers Food Intelligent atmosphere Good salary and benefits Encourage development
Make website, explain to customers the new offers or news
Top notch talent... I've never worked with such a collection of smart and passionate folks. Benefits are obviously among the best in the business. Tech support staff that's actually knowledgeable and responsive... stuff actually gets resolved quickly (may seem funny to harp on that but the point is... the company makes investments to make problems like this vanish)
Only serve food for free. That's it
I loved working all three positions, but the last one, there was a conflict with the Manager.
Great company to work for...it was a great company to start an internship!
Great people! Great Perks! Fun projects!
Great workplace, the higher-ups really appreciate the workers. Really a cooperative environment.
The working environment, the pay
It's a dream company to work for, with great benefits and an amazing work culture!
The perks are excellent - Breakfast, Lunch and snacks provided. Great benefits and Parental leave if you are having kids. The people are fun to work with.
The company culture is the most valuable of all.
is awesome company to work for
I loved the weekly all company meetings. Makes you feel very connected to some of what is going on around Google.
Great environment, food and people to work with. Good work life balance.
There are so many people who are recognized world-wide and have their own wikipedia page that you can meet while working at this company. There is also a death benefit, which is when a Google employee passes away, their stock vests immediately, and their surviving spouse receives 50% of their salary for the next 10 years. They really do want to take care of you.
Great people, hard problems, very competitive salary and the best benefits around.
- Mission driven, product focused company (I really respect and admire the co-founders) - Obviously all the perks that folks talk about (on-site doctors, many different cafes with its own themes, annual holiday gift, etc) - Great brand recognition - you can always feel validated when you tell people you work at Google - Truly a company that tries to be innovative and do good for society - Overall compensation that's hard to match unless you're going to Facebook (competitive base + yearly bonus + equity + all the perks of being at Google)
Salary and benefits are great. Lots of amenities and a fun workplace
In general, a very talented, Googley workforce - but unfortunately there are still some morons and jerks, but far fewer than other tech companies. The employees are usually very ethical, approachable, and mission-focused. The (well publicized) benefits are top notch, and the comp is at or slightly above industry average IMO. Managers are generally much higher caliber than any other Fortune 500 I've worked at. People actually listen to your ideas no matter your level, as long as you exhibit clear thinking and support your claims. Obviously working here opens up a lot of future doors, and the internal transfer opportunities are varied and numerous (and encouraged). Work-life balance is about as good as you can get for a top tech company (flex hours, less pressure to be a workaholic), and it is a fairly family-friendly company.
Strong management, great pay, out-of-this-world perks, many growth opportunities, and so much fun
I liked the food and the benefits
Ambitious projects, many products actually used by millions of people, certain level of autonomy including good W/L balance, great peaks, top notch salary.
Culture, Perks, Pay (depending on role), benefits, really smart googley people
Excellent benefits and great employee interactions.
I definitely enjoyed working with all the smart and motivated people in the company. They also treat their employees very well and I always felt needed, which I think it is a very strong motivator aside from the perks. They are also very flexible with time off and working from home, which also I respect, because they understand that their employees have their own lives to lead and work dosent always come first.
A lot of the coworkers are extremely smart. You are given lots of responsibility and you have the ability to work on new and exciting products.
Smart bunch of people, projects that impact millions, leadership willing to take a long view that might take years to pay off, fair scope for decision making even at the bottom of the org chart. Offices, food, benefits are all icing on top. Amazing opportunities to do big things if you can make the pitch and execute on it.
Google is still overall a good place to work, It is not the great place to work it once was but its not the worst by any means. As it grows it has lots of big company bs and politics that come with that. If you think Google once you get to Google everything you hate about working in cooperate america will be better you will be very disappointed.
Good people and a nice place to work.
Great team. Opportunities to work with industry experts. Awesome perks and food.
good culture, work life balance
Smart, interesting colleagues. Opportunities to work on many different products/projects.
Rooms to develop as working on the corporate ladder.
Creative and collaborative workforce. Workforce is multinational
King of Great Eager Mind
1. Good salary 2. Very good benefits 3. Good environment
It allowed me to work up to management. I know that every store is not the same, but you can tell how successful you'll be depending on your management team.
Great office culture, perks, company values, global footprint
Perks, office amenities, efficient, well-known brand products
Great perks, free food and massages, smart people
Work life balance, interesting work. Smart developers.
Smart, friendly colleagues. Interesting and fun work. Feel valued by company.
Google has a wonderful environment, you get to do cool things and work with great people, and the perks and benefits are amazing. Great company culture, too.
Lots of smart people, glamorous work environment, amazing perks, .
The working environment is pretty good and the working hours are quite flexible. Good time-off policies and packages. Company cultures and values are pretty good.
Year after year, Google is rated the best company to work for. Open culture, interesting people, passionate about making an impact on the world.
Great company. Great culture. Smart people and exciting products to work on. Amazing benefits and a particularly generous medical insurance. I couldn't see myself working anywhere else.
Flexible scheduling.  Open, collaborative atmosphere.  Interesting, challenging projects.  Transportation provided.  Lot's of perks.
The other employees are what make this company great. The hiring team has done a great job of building teams with diverse backgrounds (age, experience, etc.) and it makes collaboration fun.
Great place to work with intelligent individuals.
Great company fast past and exciting with great benefits.
Work environment, benefits and opportunity for growth
Work life balance is awesome on my team. This varies team-to-team across the company. If it's something that's important to you, it can be useful to transfer to a team that highly values it.
very good experience with the hiring process
Opportunity to work on cutting edge research and sophisticated problems, good money, great benefits.
Highly skilled coworkers in engineering.
For a prospective software engineer who is in college, I do not think there is a much better place to work. Unparalleled internal learning resources, very smart team members, very good pay, great perks.
• Relaxed environment • Reliable schedule • Fun co-workers • Never worked past 5pm!!! • Very little micromanagement • Great pay
It is very good experience
So many good things. It is such a fun and innovative environment to be in. Everyone is nice and teamwork is key. Free food occasionally too.
Interesting projects, many smart people, occasionally interesting people, perks are good, great ability to learn
Work-life balance/flexibility, food and wellness, fitness options, my coworkers are awesome. Tuition reimbursement is also generous for professional development.
Innovative, creative, allows you to put thoughts in action
Relaxed working environment. Really smart people everywhere. Food is awesome. Pay is good as an intern.
The pay is good for recent college graduates, training on Google campus is a fun experience, and they are very understanding and passionate people to work with.
benefits, culture, opportunities, work-life balance, compensation.
good to work, good salary, learning
Great environment, great people to work with
Great experience, great people, great culture
Smart people Inspiring mission World changing impact Treat you amazing Extremely well paid Great benefits
Respects its employees. Truly cares about the impact it has on society, and the users. Even after growing so large still inspire and cherish creativity. Part of caring about the individual employee, strongly supports work-life balance.
nice company. they have all you want . you can even take their bus to work . who does not want to work at such a company?
Delicious free food. Free company culture.
I get to take naps during the work day
People are amazingly intelligent. These people will change the world.
The people are wonderfully nice, the perks are great. Some of their projects are really interesting.
Stellar resources. Amazing compensation and benefits. The hours can be long, but the emphasis on work life balance is part of the company culture.
Salary, work load, smart people
Biggest company to work for. Good benefits.
Amazing culture and benefits, you'll be surrounded by highly-motivated intelligent people, frequent personal development and feedback discussions
Super perks and great ideation processes
Great environment of people. Atmosphere makes you happy to work. Different from most companies
great environment wonderful people . I learned a lot from this company.
Good benifits, Awesome Work culture
Flexibility, people, resources, and the perks.
Development tools are perfect. Engineering Excellence is peak and you'll improve your coding skills significantly.
Great working environment,, surrounded by tons of talented people
Good benefits. Good life balance.
Good compensation Good benefits, health insurance, perks Competent people
Free food, smart people, interesting projects if you can get one
There is an opportunity to make an impact on a large number of people.
They treat all employees like first class citizens, including contractors. There are many lifestyle perks at the workplace, including free meals, massage and shuttle service to and from campus. Additionally, movement within the company is encouraged every few years, not frowned upon.
Great culture, a lot of learning opportunities
Smart people, great perks, lots of opportunity to exceed in any career path. Work from home options.
It was very good money
The best work culture and a great collection of people all in one place.
Great maternity leave benefits, free meals, awesome gyms
-Google is a great company to work -Benefit are awesome -Bonus -The people are very intelligent
Mature technology, excellent infrastructure and diverse product lines to choose work from
Fast-paced, always changing, and always encountering new obstacles.
-conversational people -friendly environment -challenging -promotions, perks, compensation
Google hires very smart people and allows them to participate in the culture. This means your coworkers will likely be very interesting and fun, and you'll probably enjoy the office environment immensely. You'll learn a lot. The hours are very flexible and the company takes the notion of work-life balance as it applies to the workday very seriously (though there's a dark reason for this). And the perks are second to none. Compensation is also quite competitive as you rise through the ranks.  And the food! I still dream about the food.  It's a great place to build a stable career if you love coding but aren't super-entrepreneurial and don't make tons of contributions to open source projects (see the cons for why these would be issues). The workplace environment is often replicated, but nobody else has matched it yet.
It was a great place to work. I was there as a temp. They treated their employees excellent. All kinds of free food, healthy free food.
good pay, good workers, good form of work
Benefits, growth and get to work with smart people.
culture, great people, perks, opportunities to grow and move internally, never short of interesting projects to work.
- Excellent perks - Excellent projects - Very smart people
-great environment -great people -great training and opportunities
Incredible company. Great comp and benefits.
Amazingly smart colleagues Great innovation Being a part of a company that really helps make our world a better place Benefits, benefits, benefits Being appreciated Being apart of something huge Fast paced and challenging Freedom to do what inspires you Tons of growth potential and flexibility to explore the company
Fun place to be at, great benefits, never wanted to leave work
Intellectually stimulating environment with great perks and exit opportunities.
The people at Google are the best. They'll find a way through tough problems every time.
you can't go wrong with google
Hires the best and the brightest people and works on ambitious goals. You work on things that matter in the world. Larry has a great vision for the company.
Really top notch people who are passionate about both work - and their own lives - makes for great work / life balance.  All of the great perks you've heard rumors of are true. Definitely miss the high quality free lunches!
Benefits are the best. The work is fun and challenging. "Work the way you live" allows one to work from anywhere, anytime and using any device.
- great perks, they try hard to make it a nice place to work - very smart people - not a lot of politics for a big company - decent pay
Great perks. Great benefit for family
Good environment. Friendly people. Gives you the sense of being important. Haven't seen micro managements. Flexible hours as expected.
-Flexible work schedule -Your opinion matters (usually) -great benefits -excellent compensation
Great, smart people. Great pay and benefits.
Smart people. Company that cares. Strong values. Fast, entrepreneurial, exciting.
Coworkers. Work. Benefits. Lifestyle. Food.
Super good work place. Smart people all over.
The main advantage of working for Google is it's culture. The offices are awesome and micro-kitchens are always full of sweets
Challenging, engaging work in a fast paced environment.
Terrific pay and benefits. Collaborative, intellectual environment.
great value and culture in the company
Best company ever obviously. I recommend to everyone
Impactful work is definitely valued and recognized. New ideas are welcome. People are great.
None that I can think of
Outstanding perks, feel like you're valued, feel like you're a king. World-class opportunities for personal growth and development.
good money nice stock options
Good pay and benefits, good people
A company that in general really care about its employees. Good benefits
lots of mentorship, resources, fantastic work environment, smart coworkers and tons of resources. you get to look at all of the code base.
The perks, (obviously). hmmm... thats really the only positive thing I can think of.
Lots of smart people, lots of perks, really give you a place to focus on doing great things.
good environemnt. awesome. super awesome! great
Some of the best perks and benefits available in the industry. You are surrounded by brilliant minds that are trying to solve complex problems. Top management have a vested interest in employee well being.
The obvious benefits of the office are all true. The company culture is friendly and supportive. There is low power distance with superiors.
Very smart set of people to work with, lot of freedom in pacing yourself hardwork gets rewarded but you don't have to put in crazy hours just to do well. Vacation/time-off policies are quite generous. Employees are usually very respectful at personal level even if technical arguments can be heated. Lots of belief in experimentation/moonshot and not just holding tightly to what works.
High impact stuff, fast paced, great benefits and perks
open food insurance medical green card
best company to work. good
Innovative, fast moving company that refuses to stand still. Lots of great people. Extremely generous compensation and perks. Rated the best place to work (again) for a very good reason.  A great place for creative minds.
Nice and fun people to work with
Great environment good co-workers Good work/ life balance
Benefits, people, work-life balance, and company culture are all amazing. Couldn't think of a better place to spend the last year-plus
Great company values, and a culture that really cares for human values.
Great benefits. Smart coworkers. Flexible hours.
Great benefits and perks. Smart peers
Good place to work. Fun friendly people and really care about the customers.
I've met some of the nicest and smartest people ever at Google. The community is really amazing. Perks are unbelievable: free food, 401k and donation match, generous vacation schedule. I was able to maintain a very reasonable schedule and maintain a personal life even close to project deadlines.
Everything that can be possibly imagine from a world class company
Good life and work balance. Co-workers has good tech experience, you can learn a lot from them. The management is quite flat. Engineer has the freedom to choose project to work on.
Extensive researchers network that connect to almost every region in the world
It is simply a privilege working with a company of such stature and influence. The professionals are bright ambitious and enthusiastic.
People - passionate, dedicated and want to do the best they can for Google, the world and our users. Cool Projects - Lots of things going on that are exciting, new and worth being proud of
Great brand, great products, great founders/exec mgmt, awesome benefits.
They didnt pay bad for the work you had to do
- Great team, I can honestly say 99% of my coworkers were wonderful and talented individuals - Amazing benefits, it's all true! - Management clearly communicates vision and goals and share feedback on strengths and areas of improvement.
Whenever I've worked extra hard or stood out, I've been rewarded with salary bumps and big bonuses. I like that my accomplishments are noticed by my manager and peers and rewarded accordingly.
Best place to work. They have so many benefits, allow you to work 20% of time on your own projects, can bring dog to work, food court, exercise so much to love.
While the pay is good, perks are great, etc, far and away the best thing about working at Google is being able to take advantage of the font of knowledge available in your co-workers. People are genuinely helpful, with some astoundingly well-known names regularly chiming in to answer random questions on various internal mailing lists.
culture, perks and management are gret
Great food and coworkers! Loved the work environment.
benefits, food, perks, discounts.  Google has done a great job of marketing themselves as a hip place for smart young things to work. The concerts, parties, and general go go go of the company may appeal to young 20 somethings who have no strings attached and like to spend 75 hours per week at work in a flexible schedule of working out, working, eating, getting massages and hardly ever going outside of the Google bubble.  Google culture has its own language so you feel like part of a group. People "get you" here because they speak Google-esque just like you. Again, great marketing and appealing to the need for people to belong to a group.
Good benefit, lots of great cafe, free shuttle...
Good company to work for, lots of options to explore in your career. Good place to start out of college
- It's Google. What else can I say?
Great people, benefits and company culture
Great environment and Good Benefits
Good company and good pay
This is a great company
Food, people, work, culture, and overall atmosphere
The benefits are unparalleled, compensation is extremely generous, a lot of opportunity if you're in the right place. Work/life balance is great (at least it is outside of Mountain View), and really dependent on the employee. Once you start working here, it is very easy to see why Google is always topping lists. Bad reviews are likely a result of someone who has never worked outside of the tech industry-they really don't know how good we have it.
The Pay was great, when you got hours.
Google does value its employees and offers great benefits and perks. People are considerate and respectful. Offices have nice decor and give you the feeling of a college campus.
interviewers are nice, dig out every advantage of you.
Smart coworkers, a great overall mission, fantastic perks, supportive environment, ability to achieve work/life balance.
Great perks and work atmosphere. Workloads are manageable.
Flexibility in everything, culture, learn from & work with the best people in the industry.
You can make a really big impact on the world working at google. There's an amazing diversity of projects, the resources available to the company are basically unequaled, and leadership is genuinely trying to do things that make the world a better place.
Perks Smarter Engineers than an average tech corp Less than average corp bureaucracy
Opportunity, Collaboration, Innovation, Start-up environment
What do you get when you have the nicest, most talented people working on the most challenging problems? Google.
The culture. Specifically, the way my coworkers treat me, the way my manager treats me, the policies that affect me, the work itself, and the opportunities for growth.
Employees and company values are great. Colleagues cheer you on and are very supportive of one another even though there is a lot of competition. People are willing to jump in to get things done. It is relatively easy to jump between groups/orgs.
Google has a lot of really smart people who come to work with a great attitude of wanting to do the right thing and make people around them successful. We are lucky to have leadership invest in their employees and really want to make the world a better place. We very rarely approach projects in a "here is how we can save money" approach but more in a here is how we can make a great user experience. The perks are great and the atmosphere is really relaxed and empowered to make a positive impact.
Free food and free drinks
technical, smart people, open culture, flexible internal transfers
Where else do you get to work on a product used by hundreds of millions of people?
People are amazing and doing the right thing.
Well, it's Google:) You get exceptional perks, including subsidized massages and gourmet food. The average intelligence level of employees is very high and most of the technologies you work on are bleeding edge. The company tries to maintain open information culture and keep people aware of what is going on.
Great perks, intelligent people, working on incredibly difficult problems.
Young, creative mind, growth opportunity
Work life balance, amazing talent, treat people really well, comp, benefits - you name it!
Benefits: Google Stock, 401k matching, free food, free gym, free cell phone (in sales), work-life balance
Vibrant work culture and numerous possibilities for professional growth.
Everything was good about goodl
Tremendous commitment to work/life balance, very tolerant of internal career changes, outstanding values.
free lunch and snacks are great and the environment is very comfortable and approachable. one of the best places that i have ever worked at.
Simple for every body and any where
-Great environment -Chill people -Access to A LOT OF FOOD -A lot of free benefits -The office culture is really nice - we get to do some weekend activities like watching movies and eating out
Very satisfied, this is a great company
Benefits Pay Excitement of a fast moving tech company
Company brand, integrity, strong future Company motto holds true pay, bonus work is challenging
Good perks ok salary lots of smart people
Great benefits Smart people Lots of opportunities within the company Working on bleeding edge technologies
Great people, challenging and impactful work, fast pace, professional growth
Most Cool place to work. I am so glad to join Google[x]
The people are mostly very intelligent and positive.
This is a young Company with a Potential of Expansion
Perks, people, passion. I don't have to tell you why Google is great to work at. They take care of their people. That's also the biggest Con.
- very smart creative people across all sorts of teams - the freedom to tackle large high impact projects - strong focus on end user and mission - strong leaders
-Amazing people -Very few companies are innovating at this scale -Can move around internally, by location or fuction, pretty easily -Amazing place to learn, build network and gain perspective that is hard to get elsewhere -Company culture is fantastic. People can really be themselves and that is embraced.
Excellent perks, especially opportunity to learn outside of your core role.
- Working with smart, effective people: The average intelligence level here is considerably higher than anyplace else I've worked, and the people tend to be very diligent. When I need assistance from another engineer or another team, I typically get quick and effective help. Office politics exist, but compared to anywhere else I've worked they're not a problem.  - Compensation / perks: I'm very satisfied with my compensation. The assorted perks are pretty valuable as well -- the food and fitness facilities are my favorites.  - Work/life balance: From reading other reviews here it seems that experiences in this area vary. But mine have been excellent. I rarely work over 40 hours a week, and when I do it's because I personally feel engaged by what I'm working on, never because of pressure from my manager or team lead. I almost never check work emails during evenings or weekends, and when I come in to the office in the morning I don't find that they've been emailing me during that period. I actually have gotten gentle pushback from my team lead when I asked if he could log in from home later in the evening to review/approve a change I wanted to submit.
Fabulous talent with honest deliverable within the team. Dynamic environment with dynamic tools. On site exercise, on site weekly TED style presentations. Astonishing and amazing food. Green energy.
Pretty good workplace, free food
+ Probably the best benefits in the industry + Trying to solve tough problems in many different areas.
A great place to work for its perks and benefits, apart from the challenging work opportunities and great work culture.
culture and atmosphere. its a nice place
Freedom of creativity. I am able to create my own responsibilities and the folks I work with are incredibly intelligent, creating world changing consumer products.
Ability to move up in company
You can't beat it. I worked here for a year, in one of the smaller east coast offices. The greatest benefit, other than a great working environment, is the opportunity for personal and professional growth. If you can make it happen, Google will give you the resources to make it happen.
Leader in tech innovation, amazing work culture, great benefits including free food, bus service and much more. Transparency.
Colleagues are nice, leadership is also very good, will help you to improve yourself
Super inspiring mission. Lots of really interesting projects. Amazing people, many of whom have been at Google for a very long time. Able to move around and guide your own career.
You assist people whom are traveling to India. You also learn the procedure for international travel.
Great perks, smart people constantly around, building the future, PTO is generous
Great perks, great impact, great scale
good management, perks, salary :)
good salary, good benefit, good bonus
- People are smart, projects are generally intellectually stimulating for engineers - Good career options - Positive signaling for the future (saying you worked at Google will help you for life) - The in-house perks (esp. food) are awesome.
Solid benefits and very smart people with amazing location and campus
Smart Peers Good work Nice perks Good pay Work life balance Intent to do the right thing
You work over the internet. How cool
Great food, perks, and work life balance. Along with amazingly smart and ambitious coworkers, tons of resources, cutting edge products, you can't go wrong
Best office in the world !
Everything is as good as it is in this company
lots of talents, tech savvy. free foods!
Respect for work life balance is prevalent and very much upheld. Management genuinely cares if you're feeling overloaded and expects you to push back when you're not able to handle your workload.
Amazing company!!!wonderful staff to work with. A lot of room to learn and grow! Casual wear and very intelligent people to work with, and its a completely different feeling and an honor to work with Google!
many pros it was a great company
Great culture, tons of mobility, work hard = huge opportunities, it's a great starting place for any career. Highly suggest working there.
cool culture, everyone is young.
Top-tier company in all areas. Great benefit, work-life balance, and highly motivated company.
Benefits. Amazing coworkers. Great place for people with families.
Respects employees, smart and caring colleagues, lots of freedom
Unbelievable perks, brilliant minds, lots of opportunity to learn new things in an ever-evolving environment.
Free.Food.NOM. Beautiful campus, fun offices Free gyms & fitness classes Best 401k match I've ever seen Free transportation to work Generous maternity/paternity leave Brilliant, fun, friendly coworkers Larry & Sergey. Seriously, they are the best. Unlimited resources for personal development Interesting projects that are changing the world Bowling alleys, volleyball courts, massage chairs, laundry, etc Real work-life balance Hiring that focuses on outgoing, friendly people who are passionate about learning (as opposed to companies that only care what you know now, and if someone next to you knows .0001% more than you, you are out). Things change so quickly at Google you have to just have a good attitude and quickly learn/adapt.
amazing benefits, generous vacation policy, internal educational opportunities, challenging and impactful work opportunities, creative work environment
So many things in Google are free
Interesting Problem Tons of room to make an impact even as a junior employee International opportunities High levels of prestige and mobility in the valley Benefits
the management girls are nice and appreciative
Very smart people, outstanding benefits and perks, excellent salaries, and lots of opportunity to do what you love. Everything you've heard about working for Google is true.
Google interns get paid more than most full-time employees across the country. According to Glassdoor, the average Google intern makes $5,678 per month, or $68,136 per year.
Great benefits, culture, lots of interesting projects
Incredible company full of smart, motivated employees. I've rarely encountered disgruntled employees grumbling to each other at the water cooler. Everyone is passionate about their personal hobbies and brings their A game to work every day.
Choice and quality of work. Pleasant managers. Benefits: shuttle, food.
Brilliant people. College campus community feel. Interesting, new experiences everyday. The biggest company in the world  Working at Google is like being on a huge college campus with tons of brilliant people all working together and having fun doing it. The ambience is like its own planet. Intelligence is embraced, and you get autonomy to try new things and the resources to learn everyday.
Great culture, smart people, innovative company, excellent perks, solid salaries
Incredible people, amazing tools, fantastic scale - and of course there are great things too like free food, and other perks
- Enlightened, capable leadership - Super smart colleagues - Great work/life balance
Love working for a company that is changing the world. My colleagues were all smart and sharp.
Talented and bright coworkers Great perks - free breakfast, lunch & snacks, quarterly offsites Unbeatable culture - no dress code, alcohol-friendly social events
#1 work with the most talented, driven, amazing, and nice people who will make you better #2 work on really interesting products that benefit millions of people #3 egalitarian culture, meritocracy, the value of the idea is what matters, not the status of the person promoting it #4 salary, benefits, perks pretty impossible to beat
Company cares how employees feel.
good transparency and timely interview process
Good vibes, good people, good benefits
Good pay, working for Google
the people are wonderful, you learn a lot from them.
Best benefits for employees in the market for technology industry
Great work-life balance with adequate opportunity for career development
Amazing perks, seriously. I forgot my wallet at home for an entire week and never noticed until the weekend. Everything is onsite at Google. Challenging work environment where you can learn an insane amount and interact with extremely bright individuals. Having Google on your resume opens A LOT of doors.
The perks - plenty of food, massages, shuttle, library, gifts, etc. Extremely smart co-workers to learn from. Lots of teams working on diverse projects, so you can switch things up every so often. CEO and leadership has grand visions for the future of the company.
young, smart, creative, energetic people. i felt very supported by my manager and was encouraged to find tasks that i could excel at. however, it is important to note that not every manager is like that and some groups had very difficult and close-minded management styles.
Tons of great systems to use internally. A lot of fun for building services.
1) Food: Great food options. The chicken taste bland 50% of the time but it's free food. Micro Kitchen always well stocked. 2) Large Company: Large company with many groups and a lot of opportunities 3) Transparency: Appreciate communication from leadership team.
The perks were unbelievable from the high-quality free food, company trips, extravagant parties, guest speakers and celebrities, and more. Constantly surrounded by some of the smartest people in the world.
It is a really cool environment, I saw my self learning a lot, and you get payed good!
Good perks, challenging work, opportunities to improve and advance within the company, working with smartest people.
- smart teammates - perks - learning opportunities - if you're ever bored of your current role, there are plenty of new projects and interesting teams to jump onto
Outstanding work environment physically, Wonderful benefits for families, Free Food in each building all day every day
I have just finished my 6th month at Google and I loved every minute of it. If you are willing, there is always a great opportunity to grow and improve yourself. The campus is designed in a way to teach you something everywhere, even in the restroom...
Excellent Benefits Decent Salary Overall "fun" company
Very responsive to employee feedback. Great benefits and compensation. Internal mobility exists, because Google has its fingers in so many different things.
- Leadership/Management is amazing (for the most part) - Compensation is iffy but properly backed with the amazing (seemingly endless work perks!) - Perks go on forever, I don't think any one single employee has ever used even up to 90% of all the base perks, not to mention some of the ones that temporarily come and go based on happening events
The brightest colleagues ever, company focus on `moonshots` and spoiling employees, a myriad career possibilities, have your work touch billions (!) and change the world for the better, initiative always encouraged and rewarded...
Stable, fair compensation, good benefits
Leading company Smart coworkers Strong senior leadership Great products World-class benefits Delicious and free food all day long Decent work/life balance in certain orgs Envy of friends and family
Working alongside incredibly smart people. High benchmark for social interactions, always reading about what new and innovative teams alongside you are working on
you can mange your own time
Google is a fast moving and constantly evolving environment. This can be a strength or it can be a weakness, depending on your ability/ desire to keep up..
Good comp, benefits are great. Lots of high quality people.
Great benefits. Nice pay and bonuses. Smart people and interesting colleagues.
Pay, benefits, culture, food, food, food.
great benefit, great grow opportunity
- large focus on work-life balance - great opportunities and support for personal and career development - amazing co-workers and atmosphere
Amazing benefits. Streamlined process. No politics.
perks, talent, infrastructure, brand recognition, exposure to other parts of the company
The benefits and care of employees is obviously world class, and compensation is almost unmatchable. But the company attracts some of the best talent and best people to work with in the world, which is the most important bit. Potential impact is always huge, and it's great to wake up in the morning and hear that the company you work for is going to try and defeat death, or bring internet in balloons to rural areas.
The supportive network of Googlers and office culture
Great coworkers and managers who really value you.
The company demands are high therefore it makes the work in turn easy. The personal growth one can obtain whether they remain w/ Google long term or not is forever beneficial. You realize this once removed.....
The perks, benefits and prestige of working here are the most significant pro's. Having Google on your resume does open other doors for you, but first you have to survive working there. Another pro is the variety of interesting products they are working on, there is very interesting work happening at Google in a variety of areas.
I love what I do. My work is used by lots and lots of users. It's cool stuff that makes people happy. I'm learning a lot which will make me employable within Google and elsewhere. I get to go home whenever I want to enjoy my free time and I make enough money to travel.
Perks, highly motivated, intelligent people.
- Great work-life balance (coming from a consulting background, so anything less than 60 hrs a week is great!) - Outstanding perks - company is really generous to its employees - Cool projects and products - use gmail for work! no outlook, no lotus notes!
There is a band of salaries at each level, and when you start at Google or transfer departments, you can and should negotiate because they will start low. I got +8% to base.
The people are great (generally a mix of both very capable and ambitious). Senior management is accountable and very passionate.  The benefits are phenomenal. You generally have access to as many resources as you need... you just need the ideas and execution.
They pay a good salary except that they have very lousy work environment. I am no longer interested in working here.
Free food. Amazing respect when you wear Google t-shirts and roam around in public places.
things are good. culture is quite open and you opinions are valued
Take part in creating useful tech
Great community atmosphere. Brilliant engineers who are humble, respectful, and go out of their way to help you. The perks are seriously insane -- delicious food, world-class gyms, etc. Unlike some other reviewers, I've had no trouble with movement around the company. I will say that I started Google with a particularly excellent and supportive team, which means I got very good peer reviews, which made transfers to other teams quite easy. I've seen others who get unluckily placed in a hohum team and have trouble getting out. I find work-life balance also quite reasonable, though it might help to be remote from the HQ.
Amazing culture, free food, smart people, interesting projects, all this while having a huge impact
Fun Campus to work in.
benefits is really good and the employees are of high quality
Leading innovative work, which nobody else is doing. Opportunities for career growth, and tons of career development resources available. Great benefits in stock equity as well as free onsite perks.
Great work environment, amazing benefits, flexibility on schedule, free hand to make decisions, peer camaraderie and very easy going atmosphere.
Benefits and perks are fantastic. Each manager I've had is on board with providing a work-life balance. They are also supportive without micromanaging. Lots of opportunities to meet coworkers, go to events or join social groups. The work is important as well.
Great salary and benefits and resources. The amount of intelligent people working for this company can be a bit overwhelming and forces you to be the best.
The Google perks are ridiculous and well-documented. Benefits are amazing. Great learning environment. I worked as a recruiter for ~2 years at Google and learned way more about how to be a great recruiter than I did in the previous 6 years of my career, combined. Google, as a whole, genuinely cares about their employees.
Perks like free food, great gyms, shuttle services, etc Great company culture A lot of great networking events across departments Google grow classes that help you build on old skills or learn new ones
Very intellectual people from Admin to tech
- competitive package. - awesome benefit: free food, gym, micro kitchen, many benefits - unique culture to encourage to encourage innovation
Fun alot of resources. food is amazing.
good working environment,exposure,technology,work life balance
great company, great vision, enjoyable work.
Sense of community is really great, campus is beautiful. Like a continuation of a intensive college experience. Would recommend to anyone who has the opportunity.
Great talent, engineering-driven, above-market compensation, (internally) open culture, loads of perks. Well-deserved reputation for having the industry's best software engineers.
Really Smart People to work with
Great processes, strong systems, smart hiring managers, excellent employment branding
perks, office culture, salary, benefits, personal growth
good pay, great community involvement and opportunity to travel the city and see new things
Great place to work, good work-life balance
Incredible perks, incredible autonomy, great coworkers, good pay, and interesting projects.
Lot's of ability to move around and move up if you work hard and learn the right skills. Benefits are solid, but basically industry average at this point. Compensation is competitive.
free food, snacks, and plenty of distractions to balance your day...
NYC, meals, soccer team, meals, benies,
Benefits are fantastic. People routinely ask if the internet rumors are true about the lunches, healthcare, etc.. well... they are. Further- you are encouraged to take advantage of them (including things like 12 weeks of paternity leave)  People are, by and large, some of the smartest most interesting people I have ever met.
The work environment is fantastic! I am working with such great minds.. brilliant! It is such a pick me up to just go to work everyday. I look forward to every day at work.
great benefits, you get to work with a lot of smart people which will increase your knowledge
Smartest people in the world. Tons of talent. Tons of perks. Beautiful
smart coworkers, mobility, meritocracy, perks
Filled with smart people and interesting projects to work on.
good atmosphere,smart people,interesting project,excellent pay
very good life-work balance, very good compensation
Great culture and passionate people
Loved the atmosphere. Management was motivating.
Great autonomy, lots of action, rewarding overall experience
The working environment google provide. allow employee to do what they really want.
benefits, food, terrific co workers
Smart people, amazing company vision and ambition, perks.
Google presents an idyllic exterior setting: volleyball courts, free meals, and the athletic intramurals of a college campus. It has attracted many very smart people and offers good salaries. It is a technology focused company, and has produced four world changing products: Google Search, Ads, Maps, and YouTube.
Culture is great so are people
Great mission - creates large impact and affects people's lives. Always pushing innovation with high risks projects like self driving car and Google Glass. Googlers are compensated very well and there are lots of perks.
You get to focus on what you do best. Google tries its best to take care of everything else (within reason) so that you can focus on doing what you do best. Little things like: food, transportation, entertainment, and the right tools for the job ( computers, phones, and even desks)
Great working culture. Very engineer-driven company. You feel that you can do what you like and are appreciated for it. Not to mention the great perks (that can get very distracting).
Great benefits. Also great atmosphere. Make you feel young!
The company is extremely transparent internally, supports lifelong learning (if there is something you want to learn it is likely there is a class available on the topic), and you work with some of the smartest people around. The work environment is great, as is the food, fitness centers, and other added benefits.
Great company with great pay, benefits, and atmosphere.
Perks, benefits, pay, work-from-home policy, and really smart people. You don't run into morons here, and that makes life *so* *much* *better*. The tools available inside are better than anything that anyone can buy, and really have no equal.  You have a bit of a raffle in terms of your manager, but really, just switch around when you can to find one that works well for you. Being at Google with a manager that you work well with is an optimal life situation
The benefits are some of the best in the valley. Swimming pool, commuting bus, great free food, and the list goes on and on. Look at the dictionary for the definition of great company benefits and you will see a google logo.
Awesome company to work for especially as your first job, Exceptional people, amazing offices, and very creative environment
Smart people. Good engineering practices. Free food onsite three times a day is an essential convenience factor. Lots of opportunities for travel. Interesting projects. Compensation and benefits very generous. Lots of cool perks, fun offsites etc.
The people are amazing, everyone is super talented and smart. Food & other perks are generous. For a large company, has a superbly impressive culture and responsiveness to employees' desires.
people are great. you have the most interesting conversations with your colleagues who have super diverse interests. work quality and culture is pretty good.
saying you 'work for Google', free food all day long, free shuttle transportation, lavish parties (depending on your group's visibility and corresponding budget), flexible work schedules
The benefit of the actual project for customers it was very helpful
Having a voice with upper management.
One of the best companies in the world to work for.
Benefits. 401k match. Soaring stock price on a strong ad business.
Best Engineering culture i have seen. The impact is very big as products scale to millions of users.
For the most part, co-workers are smart, caring and considerate people. Google also offers awesome perks and really does try to treat its employees well.
Great teams and great people
Breaking new ground all the time. Lots of mental space and collaborative colleagues who are at the ready to share ideas, listen to yours, and offer connections to get them (the ideas) tested.
Google treats its employees just amazingly well. The perks are great, the pay is very good, the work is interesting, the atmosphere is not crazy stressful.
office is great, I love it!
Freebies and free food. Decent Salary
good perks good coworkers room for advancement
Amazing mobility - there is no company that has a leading presence in as many different areas of technology. Employees are able to switch roles and teams easily, it's like being able to get a new job without leaving the nest.
Lots of learning opportunities. Fun congenial environment. Smart, motivated colleagues.
Looks good on your resume Free meals Your parents will have heard of the company, even if they still don't understand exactly what you do for a living.
Strong vision, execution, best pay / perks, seriously aiming to make the world a better place.
I love the free food, the amazing people, and spectacular environment. A beautiful company.
So many perks for employees! You have good food, many fun opportunities, good work amenities. I would say working at Google is an amazing experience.
So many highlights including: intelligent people, expansive budgets to accomplish your department initiatives, great perks and an amazing work environment overall. Everyone is highly driven and ambitious and when I came into work every day, I literally felt that energy as soon as I walked in through the door. People who excel in this company are self-starters and creative people that are able to think quickly and outside of the box.
Experience in one of the largest and well know companies in the world in a great location and amongst similar minded people
Great atmosphere fun employees Great food great opportunities
Excellent organization, pay, FREE coffee
Perks that everyone knows about. Good pay. Good benefits. Being able to talk to lots of smart people. Your relatives will be impressed.
Perks and salary are very good.
Incredible culture, great transparency and excellent communication between senior management and the rest of the company. Very smart, motivated and fun people to work with. Incredibly fast paced and forward thinking company. Generally, very good products which are constantly improved on. Google is very consumer centric and also fast to learn and improve its products.
It's a great place to work!
The perks, salary, stock options are extremely competitive. You also get to work with very smart coworkers.
Best work environment for the first employment
You get to work on problems that have incredible scale, reach, and impact.  You make things used every day by billions of people, or create data-driven algorithms on a scale not done anywhere else. The company has gotten bigger, but the culture is still idealistic and bottom-up.  In the end, the thing that makes Google unique is the idealism of its leadership. The press is sometimes cynical about the "don't be evil" mantra, but it's something the leadership is serious about. It comes out in the incredible (but quiet) care devoted to protecting the privacy of customer data, or in the care about employees (like healthy food, thoughtful benefits, etc).  The idealism is also reflected in the projects that get funded: not so many projects that chase the gimmick-of-the-day, more projects that lay out a vision of a better world.  An excellent place to work over the long run.
good food good people good benefits
It is an amazing place to challenge yourself. There are lots of perks, but at least from my experience you are going to work very hard to keep them.
- Free Food - Money and bonus - Perks
Fun fast past invornment. Good challenging work.
Best people around, Cool tech, cool people, many opportunities to work with cool things.
Great compensation and benefits, fantastic food and snacks, which really boost morale. A culture of respect, and opportunity to work on interesting things, and interact with many different people. Good opportunities to travel to other Google offices. As much opportunity for professional and personal growth as one would like to have.
Perks, free lunches, etc. Google setup the current model for a lot of younger companies around the world and successfully created a culture of sharing and community.
Amazing coworkers and collaborative culture, interesting and difficult problems, world class infrastructure that makes solving them easier. Many learning and career development opportunities.
Networking, advancing the stat of art consumer technologies
Sense of community, nice work and life balance, and grand thinking.
Good work-life balance and opportunity for personal growth and good compensation
Best perks, smart teammate, nice work, environment, good, food
Great perks, great comp, great benefits, and great people! what's not to love - not to mention a great brand that makes you more valuable once it's on your resume!
Benefits and perks - great place to learn new things
Great innovations, work for a company that is doing something most other companies can only imagine. Incredible benefits.
- Work on meaningful projects with incredibly smart people - The company goes to incredible lengths to take care of employees and make them feel valued
The engineers here are the best I've ever worked with, hands down. The company promotes the right people and fires the right people. The pay, benefits, and perks are amazing. The people really care for each other and look out for one another. Work life balance is great.
Good Benefits. Very Smart People and alot to learn from.
Smart co workers, lots of perks, solid reliable infrastructure, great work life balance and continuing education. You learn a lot of best practices. The researchers are world class and you get to work on the bleeding edge of technology
Cutting edge technology, best-in-class colleagues, working with industry leaders. Great perks and benefits (probably the best), and best of all, the Googley culture. Being at the forefront of what is shaping the world's digital future.
Everything has been amazing so far. I feel like I've died and gone to job heaven!
Fantastic and super smart co-workers, great culture, perks and compensation package. Generous to new parents. Work hard play hard. Leadership committed to a long term growth of the company.
So much lax. freedom. Lots of fun
*Smart and hardworking co-workers *Constantly innovating *You get to contribute to some amazing products being build that really can improve people's lives. *Google culture *Good management *Amazing perks
Google was a great place to work. Aside from the amazing food! the people are smart, the offices are amazing and its just an exciting place to be.
The atmosphere is very helpful and kind! I remember I was Software Intern starting out in this new company. From day one, even the work was challenging but it soon payed off (literally)! Google also pays a well over average amount and they also have perks like gyms and the never ending food!
Very smart colleagues Very encouraging managers
The perks, really smart people, and great company culture
Outstanding perks and rewards, high expectations, challenging work, lots of empowerment and minimal micromanagement, good collaboration, good lateral and vertical mobility, smart and do-the-right-thing colleagues, fair and unbiased feedback and performance evaluations, very transparent and good access to leadership.
Benefits, perks, interesting projects, learning and growth opportunity. Google offers a lot of career development, and even a lot of entertainment onsite.
Great Benifiets, great pay, good people
Enjoyed access to lots of resources and smart people. Really liked the author talks from interesting writers. Free food and benefits were awesome. Explaining to people at weddings that you work for Google alleviates all further discussion of details about what you do
- A lot of mobility available - career shifts to sales, marketing, etc are possible - International travel and mobility highly possible - All the perks you hear about are true! Free food, great vacation packages, etc. - Many opportunities for advancing education, personal growth, etc. - Work life balance very good on most teams I've been a part of
The interesting projects and people are a huge pro for me. The salary is extremely good as well. I'm very excited to see the Company's future.
Nice compensation, nice culture, career growth, nice and smart people, free food
Pay Work People  That pretty much covers it. And here are a few more words so that glassdoor will let me submit.
Free food nice people very good pay
You work around amazing people that are passionate about what they do. You are provided with the tools that you need to get your job done and then expected to go out and produce. The benefits/perks are also great.
* Open bottom-up culture. * Never a dull moment.
The benefits are wonderful, the people are great.
Embraces innovation. Singularly focused on the end user. Go big or go home.
Google takes care of its people. On the sales side, I enjoy a fantastic work/life balance and really love the work that I'm doing in programmatic ad sales. Vacation time is fair, pay is fair, and the perks are insane.
Everyone without exception is very good at their job. The work is interesting and varied, the perks and compensation are great, and there's very little of the normal corporate BS that tends to distract people from their job at other companies.
salary, stocks, work life balance, management, peers, it is a dream to work here everyday!
Despite it's size, Google continues to innovate, treat it's employees well, and have tough problems to solve. You can't go wrong by getting a job here. There are so many teams that if you don't find the perfect fit at first, just keep looking (which is easy!) and you'll probably find something to enjoy.
Everything! I only worked here for some time but I found that the employees were great and I really liked my boss :) :) :)
Free food and snacks.
The benefits and perks of working at Google are outstanding. As a whole, I think the company does care about its employees, at the highest levels.
Can't beat Google's culture and perks. Caring and smart people everywhere. Some work is challenging (depends on your role).
Great place to work Smart people Amazing perks Changing the world in many dimensions, across industries and always looking for new opportunities
salary si good, and you can catch up with latest tech.
The rumors about the glamorous work environment at Google are true. You're in a comfortable workplace surrounded by the best people and practically smothered with perks.
Very smart management in almost every department with clear, ambitious vision. Most people at the company are self starters and have a desire to improve whether its making the products, workplace services, or even things like food and transportation for employees.
Amazing perks, flexibility of hours and work/life balance. Laidback and collaborative work culture. Great opportunities for classes and personal development
campus perks and the people are really awesome
Fantastic benefits. A culture that motivates a strong work ethic. Access to some of the worlds best leaders in areas of machine learning and large scale data algorithms.
Awesome company, amazing founders and senior management, and ofcourse, great perks. You feel a sense of pride, accomplishment and excitement walking into work every morning.
I have something to compare with. This is the place where you can spend life working on interesting problems, and picking the team where you want to work.
Good culture. Wacky HQ. Good Perks
The perks are amazing, food, gym membership, transportation, massages, trainings all provided. If you're savvy enough you can find your way into working on some pretty cool things.
Intelligent people, fantastic management, incredible foresight.
Flexible working schedule Easy job for lots of money: VERY EASY. 20% Projects are feasible if you find a way to get your work done in advance. Ex. hiring a freelancer via Odesk (very cheap rates) for the stuff you just don't feel like doing. < smart people in jobs that are too junior get complacent and bored. Manager your managers expectations and they won't have a clue nor do they care as long as you deliver. Food / Snacks Shuttle Service Bathrooms with heated seats and bidet Smart co-workers MOMA: Googler Visibility with photos (ironically the search engine is awful) Campus vans vs. Riding bicycle in heels. Perks Resume Padder: Recruiters call everyday while at work! Choice of laptop, screens, erg setup. Tech Support: Free cords, batteries, adapters, galore! The coolest most legit people are the security staff.
Amazing people, amazing benefits. The company spoils you for sure. I worked on the SMB Team and did connect well with many clients to help them understand the value of AdWords and get as much out of the product as they could.
Cool environment and everyone is really laid back, yet smart. it has a lot of food.
Work with very smart people Work on global scale projects that an have a huge impact Great work environment with a lot of perks Amazing company culture
Being able to show up to work dressed causally and not too stressful environment which allowed for growth and learning.
Ambitious with global scale and resources
Very many, the perks, the salary, the environment. Google knows that it has great culture and gets people thta it knows will continue that tradtiion
Google wants to create and hire the worlds best people managers, and to that end they have more leadership & management trainings, courses, frameworks, and resources than most business schools. And then there are the legendary benefits. Free food, possibly the best health insurance in the country, a great campus completely with gyms, pools, tons of green space, etc. It's a pleasure to be at work.
Perks, perks and more perks.
Good work culture, Best package and chance to work on latest technology
An extraordinary supply of very smart, committed, hard-working, talented people. As far as corporate employment goes, Google has to be the diamond standard.
People, cultural, food. Depends on which manager and department you are in, but I get control of projects, am not micromanaged and feel I make a real impact.
time off policies and food
smart people, great environment, good chance to advance
I can say that one of the most great things here is the smart people. Also excellent ideas everywhere. People also are very friendly. Though the company is getting bigger, work is still having the start up flavor, at least in many teams I know.
- Definitely Google provides the best perks...food, events, gym, lots of learning opportunities and cultural activities. It's like a living in a grown up college campus. - Great people to work with. Most of my teammates were emotionally balanced, pleasant, intelligent and fun.
This is the stuff everyone always hears about -- amazing benefits, top pay, free everything all the time in the office, etc. Plus the people are immensely talented and driven. Also, as much flak as the "don't be evil" mantra gets outside of Google, I tend to believe that the company is still largely operated in that way.
The collective intelligence level is off the charts. There is an emphasis on innovation. "We can do it better." There is, generally, an atmosphere of mutual respect. The management walks their talk.
There are great growth opportunities, from internal mobility, internal training, and tuition reimbursement (Google paid for me to go through graduate school). The company has still managed to mostly keep to the "don't be evil" mindset. You're constantly surrounded by really smart people.
You work with the best, meals are better than restaurants, very little micromanagement in my group
The Google LA office is fantastic. The office is located in Venice just steps from the beach with some of the best facilities including a gym, dog park, roof deck, juice and coffee bar, and an amazing cafe. The office really grasps the Silicon Beach theme of the area
Super work culture I say
the offices inspire creativity. most importantly the executives are easily available and this allows for great insight on current projects.
The Mission statement. The Leadership (Larry has done a really good job IMHO of focusing the company). The People, really smart, really nice, usually, there are a couple of bad apples, no system is perfect.
Very good people working there
Incredibly intelligent, dedicated, motivated colleagues. Friendly environment. Opportunity to try something new after 1 year in a role. Decent benefits. Fun environment.
great benefits and smart people lots of resources to allocate
Great benefits and perks. Lots of challenging problems to solve. Unlimited resources (if you're working on the right things). Most important of all, an incredible mission.
Good environment, free food, and you work with the newest innovative products.
While those who come to Google right out to school may not realize it, Google is really Disneyland. Nowhere else in the world is there a company that offers the same breadth of opportunity, innovation and incredible support for its employees. It is *not* normal anywhere else to have three michelin star dining experiences, easy access dry cleaning and car detailing, gym and massage services and more.
Top talented people, great perks, creativities, moonshot projects.
the work isn't very tough and depend on your department. Be ready for business trip. Prepare your resume well.
Google gets that the less you have to pay attention to peripheral stuff and leave campus, the more you get done in a day. This means that on-site benefits are valuable and easy to access including health care, exercise, and personal care. It's a challenging environment that will make you play your A game.
The perks and environment of the company are well known, but the resources for professional growth are sometimes overlooked. There is no better company in tech or the Valley to accelerate your career and grow personally or professionally.
The energy, the people, the high level of talent.
The Company is Innovative and resourceful
Smart people, great perks, and proud on working with greatest company in the world for now. Good life/work balance in general.
very friendly and mentored a lot
great people and great perks
Great Env, Knowledgeable People Around, Good Pay
Great perk on food and in-office massage learn something new everyday, Your idea can change the outcome for millions to use the product
They treat people like adults - not checking up on your every move. There is a great sense of humour in the way they do things. The salary is great, and best of all, you get to make a difference to 100's of millions of people.  -Amazing perks. - Great co-workers - Good work-life balance so far. Hardly anyone works at the weekend in my team and most people are out of the office between 5 and 6.
Great benefits and perks depending on the office you're located in. Larger offices have more "Google" options like gym, robust cafes, massages, and ample training classes. The salary is also competitive when you factor in all of the benefits. However, many other companies are becoming "Googley" so beware that it isn't the same it was 5 years ago. All departments are different but the best ones everyone wants to get into are HR, Benefits, Events, and Admin, and Operations. Stay clear of any sales department!
Awesome perks, access to great technology and resources, surrounded by very smart people.
Good co-workers, smart people move on fast. Get that name on your resume. Gives your leverage to get a good job afterwards.
Google has managed to recruit an excellent community of engineers. Engineers are friendly, and very knowledgeable. Generally, management has made the community collaborative, rather than competitive or contentious. It is a wonderful environment where your software skills are valued and nurtured, and where you can learn from your peers, some of whom are leaders in various sections of the field.
Amazing people, learning opportunities and perks. Interesting own culture you can learn a lot from. Every programmer should experience working here.
The perks are unbelievable. The culture is awesome. Lots of great travel opportunities
Great benefits and a friendly environment where professional and personal growth is encouraged.
The daily benefits are great -- flexible schedule, free meals, and a young, exciting culture.
-For a large corporation Google is still amazingly open and transparent about company objectives and results. -If you're an engineer, it's The Holy Grail. Engineers will always be at the top of the pecking order when it comes to compensation, bennies, etc. -Despite its size, Google is still willing to take big risks in the name of innovation.
Google has the most amazing people - super smart, driven, good-natured, great pay & benefits/perks. So much amazing innovation all around you!
salary, tasks, culture, perks, leadership
Great culture, Great leaders, Amazing transparency
Great talented co-workers, excellent perks, generally busy at work.
All the usual good stuff about Google: free food and good comp.
People actually care here. That's what I loved about working at Google, every day I came in and felt like the people I worked with genuinely wanted to know how my life/career was going. This was a fantastic feeling, and it made me excited to return every day.
Smart and collaborative coworkers, great benefits and perks, open and fun environment.
Challenging work with many different projects to work on.
Amazing technology. Great environment to learn in. High expectations. You need to be able to upramp quickly and come up to speed on emerging bleeding edge technologies in short order.
Working here has been very fulfilling. There are lots of interesting people doing very cool work that motivates you everyday to get to the office.
Time offs, Benefits, Office culture
Within my team, we have a particularly flat hierarchy, though it can be quite hierarchical when interfacing with executives above our team. We have opportunities for mutual feedback with coworkers, a strong focus on increasing team well-being/happiness, lots of team bonding events, and a high drive towards personal growth. The overall company has an atmosphere of conviviality that is energizing.
Great people and big challenges to work on. They really take care of their people.
Excellent compensation, benefits, perks, possibility of travel, variety, opportunities to take on lots of different projects, freedom to define the scope and direction of work, smart people.
The diversity of opportunity. Google touches so many industries from ad-tech to consumer software and hardware. There is something for everyone at Google and it's very easy to find a role on a product that you truly care about. The culture is incredible and work-life balance is great.
Good, Wonderful, Exciting, Wonderful, NB!
- Google's products have amazing scale and impact - very inspiring - Employees are very smart, friendly, fun, and collaborative - Compensation and perks are the best in the industry
Great culture, people, food and environment. Very rigorous approach to product planning and maybe most importantly a transparent culture where people are encouraged to give feedback and dig in where they're interested.
This was a great place to work
lots of opportunities to make a difference, really smart people all around, great culture. Great opportunities to work cross platforms and cross geographies.
Google was a great place to launch my career. As someone who was interested in launching my own company, I cannot overstate what it means to have Google on my resume. I've gotten interviews at top startup incubators and meetings with VC's based off the Google creds alone.  The people who work here are also just incredible and highly motivated. If you're looking to just blend in and fall through the cracks, this isn't the place to be. I mean that in a good way.  It's a great place to learn too. There are so many incredible resources to take advantage of that can just make a more well-rounded person.
A lot of contacts with different people, good knowledge, a lot of information, no borders, good teachers, good friends, high culture.
• Compensation • Benefits • Offices are fun • Infinite opportunities to learn
Can't speak to whole company, but my team treated my well. Obviously a ton of perks/benefits and generally good comp. Very comfy living. Would be hard to leave here except to go to a startup.
The perks are top notch
The colleagues you'll work with is the best part about being here. You likely won't be able to work with a more talented and incredible group anywhere else.
talented coworkers, good food, unique recruiting process that is fair, opportunity to work in different teams
Excellent leadership, still hungry at the company level, excellent benefits and comp
Great culture, awesome peers and tasty food :)
They take care of their employees
I worked for Google 3 times as a contractor before converting to full time employment. The perks are amazing and can't be beat. Almost all the cafes are top notch and the microkitches are fully stocked. During my time there, I met some of the most powerful people in the world, was entertained by some of the greatest bands and met some of my favorite authors. The annual holiday party is also exceptional and no cost seems to be spared.
Changing the world one step at a time
Great company, great mission, treats its employees well
Very talented, ambitious and nice people Diverse tasks, fascinating challenges Reasonable working hours Competitive salary Good opportunities for growth Excellent facilities and perks
Great benefits great company to work here
There is no doubt that Google is one of the most amazing companies in the world. Your co-workers tend to be incredibly nice, hard working, interesting people. Larry's vision is pretty amazing and he's helped create a great environment to work in. Having visited many tech companies, I really believe Google's perks are second to none - especially if you consider how many offices it has!
Good compensation, fun and challenging problems
good atmosphere in the company
Incredibly smart people, challenging work, good management, and excellent perks and compensation make this a great place to work.
Very data driven culture.Engineering is respected and heard a lot. Get to work on state of art technologies and hone variety of skills.
This is the best place in the world.so many new ideas and innovations that impact the world, and to be apart of that is completely riveting.
food, perks, brand name, cool office spaces
very good company to work with.
Best company to work for.
Great company to work for! The company offers great products and is full of great people.
Common Sense approach to everything from HR to work life balance.
excellent marketing to it's employees. great benefits, onsite perks
it is very nice to work in google
Smart people, colleagues as friends, great perks, food everywhere, competitive pay, lots of learning opportunities, cool to be a part of a generation-changing company
Perks are unmatched! Smart colleagues, interesting projects
Great salary and benefits. Wide range of products to work on. Name recognition conveys huge status. Great people and culture.
Great pay and it just comes with performance and promotions, you don't need to negotiate it. You get the chance to work with and learn from some amazing people. Very high code quality, not just at the level of coding style or individual classes, but the overall system architecture, things tend to be really thought through, stupid things don't happen.  The company is very helpful with immigration issues. Good 401k program.
People development, perks, global experience
No company is perfect, but Larry and Sergey aim at running a great one. Free food is just the beginning, although parents of small kids will find it especially liberating to bring them over for dinner after a hard day of work rather than cooking.  There are weekly TGIF meeting swhere pretty much all important confidential company plans are shared with employees and the later have an opportunity to ask any questions they wish to Larry, Sergey and any presenters. Quality of coworkers rocks. Managers are restricted to people/project decisions and do not interfere in technical aspects of the job. There are always parties, gifts, events and learning opportunities of both technical and personal nature.  This is definitely a place where you can work 9-5 and prioritize family, school events and so on if you so choose. If you are a workaholic, you will definitely be accommodated. While the later group may justifiably receive promotions and pay hikes, but the former will not fired or mistreated for their choices.  If you have what it takes, join and never look back!
food is amazing and the people are smart
Google takes on big, audacious, challenging problems that give you the opportunity to impact the world. You're surrounded by brilliant people who work hard, get things done, and inspire you to elevate your game. There are inspiring, world-changing projects all around you, and even if you have not yet had the opportunity to work on one, I find satisfaction just being able to observe from the inside. Larry has done an amazing job transforming the company from one known for world-class engineering to one that also understands and appreciates design and the more human side of building great products. Maybe most of all, I love working at a place that values human rights, diversity, and acceptance.
innovative, think big, move fast
Work life balance, best in Industry salary, good work environment and area expertise.
Lots of responsibility and autonomy Flexible work schedule Perks Feel like you're making an impact Surrounded by really smart people
Everyone knows the perks. Lots of technical folks everywhere you turn.
This company is exceptional because it realizes the true value of human capital. Employees are treated well, encouraged to grow in their profession and experience work on projects outside of their normal expertise.  Working at Google is also an exceptional resume item, and regarded very highly by other employees (if you ever decide to leave)
Free food (Breakfast, lunch and dinner), napping pods, volleyball, basketball courts. Outdoor field, company events, free gym, lots of other perks. work-life balance, healthy food and snacks.
Huge freedom to pursue the projects I want. Smart people who are information sponges. Free food and excellent work-life balance.
- lots of smart people - state of the art technology - excellent IT support - never need to worry about your desk equipment
Great culture. Great food. Lots of energetic people with a variety of interests. Whatever you're into, you'll find a group of people to do it with at Google, whether it's ports, fitness, music, or racing.
Good technology, smart people, can move within company with descent support.
Everyone is super nice and its great to create your own work schedule.
We work with some of the smartest, most ambitious, and intelligent people around. The problems that we tackle are have great impact worldwide. The work is incredibly challenging and interesting. We're constantly told to think bigger. We really are trying to change the world.  We have a great amount of resources at our fingertips. With a couple of commands, I can run a service on thousands of machines worldwide. We have access to pretty much what we need to do our job.  Because Google is involved in a large number of industries, there are plenty of opportunities abound to find something that you're interested in. We are highly encouraged to move around the company.  The company really takes care of us professionally and personally. The benefits are incredibly high. My team has been on offsites to Tahoe, Vegas, and Hawaii in the last year. The company creates an environment where you don't really want to leave campus.  Lastly, being on the inside and seeing all of the technology before it launches is really like seeing the future. Some of the unannounced products that we're working on is science fiction.
cool project and brilliant coworkers. The freedom is amazing and the compensation good
Whip smart people, A meritocracy where smart people are listened to, They are willing to allocate amazing amount of resources to solve problems. Amazing benefits (food, technology, lectures and other extra activities). Great mix of interesting projects to work on.
The peopleat Google are amazing to work with. The benefits and perks and overall environment make it a wonderful company to work for.at Google activities are provided to help is your mind or give yourself a break in order to be able to come back to whatever project it is that you are working with a fresh mind. Overall I would say it is one of the best companies I have ever worked for!
Work on interesting and challenging technical problems. Flexible hours and generous ability to take time off and work from home. Food is good, perks are generous, office environment is pleasant, co-workers are smart.
extremely helpful colleagues, rapid execution environment. Feels like a startup. Great benefits. Focus on work life balance. Travel around the world.
Awesome perks, good benefits, smart colleagues, and some really great work being done by the company
Google has the GREATEST perks in the world!
People are very smart and nice, environment is like a college - promoting learning through work, and the salary is very competitive.
- high quality coworkers - new challenges - good benefits
The bpeople working there are the absolute best
You are well taken care of with tons of benefits.
Great place to work! Went there several times and the place is just amazing
Eager, go-getters get noticed, encouraged and rewarded. If you are smart, confident and outgoing, it's a great environment.
dynamic environment great place to grow and network fast pace 24 X 7 efforts
- Perks - Networking possibilities - Learning possibilities - Speed
Coworkers are incredibly smart and driven. Abundant resources are available to get accomplish your goals. Amazing perks. Great mission.
Great work-life balance with adequate opportunity for career development.
Wide range of projects, freedom to construct your own workflow (depending on the team).
- You work with amazing people - You learn thousands of things in a very reduced amount of time - Everything is there to make you feel good about your work
Work is challenging, fun, touches a lot of people. The scale of what Google does is mind-boggling. It's rewarding to know that your code is being executed millions of times a day when people use Google's products. Perks and pay are awesome. Equity you get in form of restricted stock units are growing in value by leaps and bounds. Lots of flexibility in work/life balance (I work from home one day a week to avoid the SF->Mountain View commute). Google culture is liberal, creative, and welcoming. If you have good ideas, people want to hear them even if you aren't senior.
A fancy company and learn new stuff
Benefits, Compensation, cash to burn, pockets of innovation remain in the company. The founders are strong and are genuine.
Lots of opportunities, really smart people, super fun environment & culture
Smart people. Interesting work. Good pay/benefits. Flexible schedule.
Low stress Amazing internal development tools Incomparable compute infrastructure Unbeatable perks Lots of options
Wonderful products, work / life balance
Great perks, coworkers, flexibility & pretty solid compensation (not the highest but the other bene's make up for it)
Free food, snacks, beverages. Great peers, involvement, and innovations.
Lots of talented people and diversity. Great pay.
this was a great place
get to work with PMs who are talented and amazing and you get to have a lot of responsbility
It’s big, but there’s not much red tape. They look after you.
Co-workers are brilliant, work environment is awesome, very good career opportunities (vertically and horizontally, compensation is very good.
Benefits and culture are the absolute best. Challenging others theories is welcomed and you're graded entirely on performance.
The perks here are fantastic obviously. Great co-workers (for the most part) and the office is absolutely amazing.
Great benefits, smart people, interesting challenges, great brand.
Very smart co-workers, interesting projects, cutting-edge technology, great benefits and perks.
Best product vision and execution in the world Top notch technical infrastructure Open and transparent culture Amazing perks Company is extremely generous to employees
People, Perks, Fun, Philanthropic, Users are priority for UI and Privacy.
Great people, lots of opportunity, being creative is highly valued. The products are very interesting to work on and people give good feedback
Great food, smart people, and a healthy work-life balance. Did I mention that the food is really great? Because it is.
Quick interview and placement. Great access to perks.
You work with I highly educated, high achieving, highly motivated bunch of very cultured people.
-great perks (delicious (and healthy) food, nap room, happy hours, latest and greatest devices...) -passionate and talented people -open channels of feedback -companywide transparency into many projects
Very Smart people, highly dedicated and willing to all go the extra mile. I was happy to have the chance to be an intern.
Good people, good perks, Good salary
Great alignment from management through org to create industry leading products and client consultants
Flexibility Perks Working with intelligent people Work like balance
No need to fight the traffic in the car, I rode the Google Bus everyday to work. Free food, great people to work with.
Tech Stop, On-Site doctors, On-site oil change, free snacks, drinks, and 3 meals per day.
Great company to work for with amazing benefits. Great atmosphere and employee culture. The people are great and fascinating to learn from. Very professional company.
Great people - employees are well taken care of.
The people here are smart and, for the most part, not arrogant about it. You work on code that a good proportion of the world uses and benefits from. Your computing resources are amazing. The scope of what Google works on is huge, and mobility between projects is pretty easy. Work-life balance is great. Management is technically savvy and treats their staff with proper care and concern.
Its the best company in the world
Free food, amazing people, amazing vision - almost everything about this company is a pro. This is an incredible place to work.
Great Talent, Great Perks, Great Vision!!! I wake up every morning excited about coming to work. The people are friendly and supportive. The management is hands off and allows for a solid work/life balance.
Engineers have a great time ! Very innovation focused.
I was a contractor, and you must know that as a contractor your number one job is to make yourself invaluable to Google for an entire year. Be there early, stay late, do everything your're asked to and three or four times that. Go out with your coworkers, go out with your boss, become a Googler even though you aren't. Yes the pay sucks, but you have an opportunity to get your foot in the door. Introduce yourself to Larry and Sergei, make sure they know who you are. Do your job well, and don't be shy about telling others what you are excited about. It's a collaboration mecca. You can learn a lot while you're here, and you can pick a lot of brains that you may never get to rub elbows with again.  Oh and lunch is free, live bands on Fridays, lots of parties, ski trips, etc. Just sneak in, on or into. No big deal.
A great developing software and great employees.
Lots of free food. Lots of cafes. Lots of trees. Lots of fresh air. Lots of buildings. Lots of smart people to work with and hard problems to solve.
Exciting work, constantly changing and evolving work
Very casual, great environment, smart people.
Working at Google was a Great experience
Culture at the company is great! People are supportive of each other, working toward a common goal.
Smart co-workers, unbeatable perks, innovation, and the feeling that the company will lead the technology world for a long time. Individual talent is usually respected and there is a great deal of transparency and open debate.
Food, people, campus, problems are interesting
They treat their staff very well, pay and perks are fantastic. The co-workers were all very smart and you will learn a lot.
- You're trusted to solve complex problems with some of the most talented minds - Flexible work environment that grows with you - great resources to assist with continued education and career advancement
Lots of interesting work. Culture is amazing. Company really takes care of employees
Lots and lots of perks plus salary is really good
Smart people work here so its enjoyable
Food taste really good and is free
You're working for Google, one of the most diverse workplace in the world. They have slides, inside the buildings. Plus the people you work with are fantastic people, you learn a lot from them and their cultures.
Resume building, energy of company perks are so so.,
Excellent benefits ticks all the boxes and some,, forward-thinking, nice people overall, opportunities to learn about numerous products,
Lots of energetic people that work at a different pace. Idea conception, to testing, to production can be as little as a day, in various fields. Great perks (food, massage, games) to keep you energized while you are at the campus.
this company is great for opportunities and chances to grow professionally. working with the team is great and good work balance
Great quality of life on campus
The cutting edge tech infrastructure is a playground for any software engineer, and the absolute best stack you could imagine working with. The work environment is very entrepreneurial, and the compensation is easily and quickly adjusted for good performance.  And of course, the food is excellent :)
Got to work with some of the smartest people I've met. Benefits are some of the best in the world. All things considered, workload was manageable and work/life balance was great.
Great work environment. Great colleagues to work with
You already know about the perks and remuneration, so I'll talk about the real pros: all-star coworkers, difficult problems to sink your teeth into, and the reward of being able to provide amazing services to people.  We play board games every week, we talk about ACM papers, we diagnose devilish bugs and find creative ways to solve problems, we pair program and hack out experimental prototypes, and we learn together.  That last one is particularly important: on my teams people have had real humility. We recognize failure and learn from it.  I love my coworkers :)
1. All great environment and facilities to do whatever you like to do 2. All greatest and latest technologies for you to learn and encouraged too. 3. Greatest perks all year round.
Food, benefits, work-life balance, Flexibility to move teams.
I met some of the nicest and smartest people on the planet. Very interdisciplinary and quite the engaging environment.
Great perks, great people, and really challenging problems to work on. There's a work hard, play hard mentality that makes for a very satisfying career.
- they treat their people really well
you are free to do whatever you wan't to do at any time :) it was a great experience, i would recommend it to my friends, cousins, anyone!
Free everything. Really, everything!!! Free laundry, free car for a day, free food, free massages, heck, they even throw in a free annual medical physical right on campus
Having a manager who believes in you defining the vision, execution, and testing for a project.
Best in class colleagues, big/interesting problems to solve, great perks, competitive salaries, easy to transfer between roles internally.
Google provides incredible perks that really boost morale. All of the social events allow employees to meet colleagues from other areas, which truly fosters innovation. I worked with very smart people who are driven, which pushed me to pursue more of my goals.
Focused on long-term investments, focused on changing the world (versus creating silly social toy apps like the rest of the Valley)
Competitive compensations, talented peers, open work environment, flexible work time, easy to change product/service to work on
Amazing food and all the amenities. Looks like you are in a resort.
- Great work experience - Lots of new things to work on
great innovation-- changing the world
Great benefits and compensation, very enjoyable work environment. Open and candid company culture. Opportunities to make big impact. Access to some of the brightest co-workers and a lot to learn from. Upper management still thinking bold and big.
Quality of work/projects/people will depend on what team you land up in, great benefits and perks
The company had great benefits
Great people to work with. Great products to work on. Very good work-life balance.
Great benefits and solid pay. Interesting work. Smart people. Always on the cutting edge of technology.
- autonomy - respect - forward thinking company - clearly defined roles - amazing perks
Its freaking google its amazing literally.
* Perks and compensation * Career opportunities
Awesome people to work with
The obvious pros are the perks, but they extend beyond the well known free food and slides. They do great 401k matching, have great health care, offer a lot of extra-curricular like activities for employees. There is a lot to do and they work to keep employees happy.
Work with very bright people who are passionate about what they do. Google benefits are on a level far above a typical company. The culture is amazing. Google makes you feel like you can do anything.
Great people, exceptional benefits and perks, lovely campuses.
Perks, coworker quality, resources and facilities, access to forward-thinking projects and ideas
Brilliant minds, lots of interesting work, nobody is bad at what they do. If you find yourself not on an interesting project, it's not hard to move
Work with great people, awesome salary, benefits, the place is chock full of good people. There is a very advanced internal software infrastructure for you to learn about and use, that will be more capable in many ways than any place in the world. And Google has world leader work loads - everyone says that but its true for the big g.
Lots of interactions with very smart people who're enthusiastic about their work, great perks, and the impactful project.
great compensation and benefits. great culture
Awesome people, hands down. Peers and colleagues. Some of the brightest people. Company policies on expenses, perks, family, pets, etc. - all outstanding.
- Brilliant people: I have tremendous respect for my co-workers and management in the organization. - Autonomy: my manager gives me the flexibility to define solutions and operate within my role. This gives the room to be creative, to learn, and have significant responsibility. -Work/Life Balance: while it's up to you to preserve this and it's easy to get sucked into late night emails, you have the flexibility to work whenever and wherever as long as you meet you responsibilities. -Perks: more extensive things have been written on this, so I will briefly and simply say that it's all true. The perks definitely make life easier and make you feel appreciated as an employee.
Work with smart people on projects that are changing the world. Future thinking and innovative, always something that will surprise you. Great benefits and life experiences. Everything you do gets noticed in the press. Fun that family/friends know where you work. Campus is like college, there are activities for every interest and all kinds of interesting people to meet.
Great people, great perks, great company mission and morale
The perks, and people will really go out of their way to help you out if you have any request
Brilliant co-workers, excellent perks, collaborative internal culture.
Lots of opportunity and things to learn
Best place to work ever
Code is available to all employees and thus no tribalism across teams.
- Set the standard for employee benefits and perks (cafeteria food options, shuttle, holiday parties, holiday gifts, gym, etc.) - Guest speakers and visitors (my favorite part about the company. People from Condoleezza Rice to David Beckham to Lady Gaga have visited) - Co-workers are all extremely smart, driven, and generally interesting people - If you're an engineer, they have a strong career path ladder for you - Brand recognitions and resume builder. It opens up opportunities for you.
Had to add my own thoughts after seeing so many concerns about work-life balance at Google. I joined Google about a year ago after many years in mid-tier management consulting. For me, it's been a refreshing return to work-life balance. No, that doesn't mean I work 35 hr weeks. I'm often at Google before 7am and sometimes stay past 7pm. I work hard because I want to be the best in my profession, because I believe I should earn all those perks Google is famous for, and because my team, who want to be the best in their professions, are relying on me.  That said, I've never worked into the wee hours of the morning. Every Saturday and Sunday you'll find me outside running or biking, not in the office. I have a wonderful marriage, get 8 hrs sleep every night and am fortunate to be leaving a happy life.  In contrast, my consulting career was full of 70 hr workweeks, travel away from my family, unbelievable levels of stress and piles of politics. Maybe Google is also like this at the VP and SVP level, I'm not sure. But I'm about half way up the so-called corporate ladder and, at least from my perspective, things are refreshingly balanced and authentic. Again, I'm only 1 year in so take my thoughts with a pinch of salt.  The other myth I'd like to debunk (actually, it appears to already be long-before debunked) is that only ivy-grads can get into Google. From what I've heard, this was more true 10 years ago. But, I attended a small undergrad school you've probably never heard of and haven't been back to school since. I think what Google is looking for is the same as any company: people with honest passion for their trade, who don't mind putting in some elbow grease to keep the company growing.
Less workload, high quality team, extensible webbed set of projects, great opportunities to learn, free 15 pound meals ..... many more ....
Great smart engineers with a mission.
great benefits, culture, teammates, opportunities
Proactive attitude about preventing the accumulation of technical debt.  Brilliant coworkers.  Interesting and challenging work.
Perks, work/life balance, feel valued, little bureacracy
Challenging navigating through the organized Chaos
It's like working and playing at a university campus that happens to be called Google. Awesome perks to appease those in their 20s and 30s. Great for living up your fresh-out-of-college years. The first few years feel new, shiny, and amazing. Google is practically mecca for engineers.
Good Benefits, Work Culture, Flexible Timings
Good employees and work place
Smart colleagues, good food, good work environment, opportunities to do what you want through internal transfers.
The work schedule is pretty flexible.
Strong, not best, benefits/comp, easy work/life balance
casual and comfortable, free gourmet food, recreational equipment, genuinely friendly people, smart coworkers who work hard and won't give you the "could you explain __?" stall tactic (or they're bright enough they're never confused about what you mean) once you're in, Google likes to keep employees and it's easy to move laterally to another position if the one you're in has its project cut or something
Lots of free time and I really got into shape but thats ok, because now I'm a happy person.
Great challenges, not a lot of politics in the area I work. Opportunities arise if you are resourceful to go work in start up like environments within a very large company.
The work is cutting edge and career-making. By the contacts you make and the experience you can have, as well as the name on your resume, it is door-opening. You will work with one of the smartest collections of people in the world, with every perk known in employment. One thing I'll say is that shared offices are often seen as a negative but are actually quite a plus for most people.
The people. The environment. The technology. Working at Google is really a unique experience that makes you grow.
Benefits, perks, and the people. Everyone around you is smart and tend to get along well with one another. The benefits are great and I only pay roughly 250/mo for a large family.
The best part about working at google is the culture. Everyone is friendly and amazingly smart which has inspired me to be innovative in the way I approach projects.
1. Free food, this is the best part in Google. 2. Talented people around you, and you will learn in day to day activities.
Great pay, amazing benefits, great perks, and stock options.
The people at Google are amazing and great to work with. Pay, perks, and benefits are excellent. There is some new challenge to solve each day and the impact that you can have is monumental.
Good work/life balance. I get to work with incredibly talented and driven people— no driftwood! Google is always working on a thousand different things, so there's always opportunities to try something new.  Amazing MTV campus facilities and staff, free food, and incredible compensation. I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather work.
everything was pretty much great
everything was pretty much great
Working at Google was refreshing but also shows that your life is suppose to be dedicated to work. They offer almost any amenity that you will possibly need so as to keep you working. All in all that isn't a bad thing but have a balance of work and life is paramount if you don't want to burn out. My position was transitionary so I did not experience the full intensity of the work life, but I was around it and could see the affects.But, there too are great perks and I did experience those!
Great perks and benefits. Peers can start to become like family when a bond is formed. International travel opportunity. Hands on experience with new products and technology.
Youthful culture. Relative lack of politics
Challenging everyday work. Opportunities for professional growth (really, lots of tech talks, people like Sanjay Ghemawat, Rop Pike, etc that you can talk every day in the hallway, invited guests (like Joel Spolsky, Guido van Rossum)), tons of great trainings, interesting projects). Awesome perks. Again, great people working with you. Again, people who are really enthusiastic about work they are doing (e.g. we have weekly whisky meetings where we share and discuss work challenges, news and achievements while having glass of good whisky) We organize white paper read clubs and discussions, and so forth. Sergey and Larry entertaining you every Thursday discussing what's happening in the company and answering your questions. 20% projects (they are not dead, you can always come up with creative and useful stuff and people welcome it). Strong nerdy/engineering culture.
Good company, management lets you do your work, very flexible
Amazing career opportunities and a great place to jumpstart your career. There is a good amount of lateral mobility within the company which is great if you want to make a job change without switching companies.
great team work spirits and communication
Working at a company where amazing things are made, the people are smart and the food is amazing.
Good company, Good People, Great Place
Google is really a fantastic place to work. You get to engage with challenging, exciting problems at the height of your intelligence, in a community of passionate, brilliant peers.
Everything is wonderful here! I'm very satisfied with my job and see a very successful future. The culture is wonderful.
Free food, everyone is extremely nice and Googlely, bikes everywhere, massage chairs
Excellent environment and brilliant engineers. Plenty of free food. Enjoy a lot of perks in Bay area. The gLearn system allow you keep studying after college.
As far as big companies go, I'm convinced that Google is the best place to work. You simply cannot beat the quality of your coworkers, the perks, the benefits... Google is a company that truly cares for their employees.
Lots of smart people, fantastic perks. I learned more here than I have anywhere else in my professional history. The older teams, such as infrastructure and apps have people that can teach you more in an hour than you learn many places in your entire tenure.
work environment was very fantastic
Great engineers, teaches best practices. Great perks, very comfortable.
Benefits are unmatched by other employers! Office environment is over the top.
Amazing environment, full of energy and a positive attitude
Love the work, I have a great team, I love the companies mission statement and I believe in their leadership. The perks are awesome. The job is low pressure and fun.
Amazing place to work Great food Cool culture
- Great benefits, reputation - Coworkers were wonderful, intelligent people - Many learning opportunities - Middle management was actually quite intelligent and effective
Great benefits, perks, compensation, work/life balance. Company invests in the very long term.
You get to work on exciting and challenging problems.
You get exposed to so many areas of technology, and through the eyes of a company leading the charge to these spaces. Always at the forefront of what's going on and what's changing the world.
Great coworkers, great food, amazing tools. Really the best place for an engineer.
Most people are smart, lots of vacation days, lots of perks, good food, many interesting distractions like guest speakers, nap pods, good culture. Pay is decent, but not as good as elsewhere.
Great people, treated well with surprises every day
Fooood. More than 20 cafes is simply amazing.
It's a baller place to work.
Great people that will push you and give you opportunities to see things in a new way.
+ Larry wants us to keep the soul of a startup, even though we no longer are one. In some teams, like the ones I've been on, this has been possible - going from an idea to millions of users on a new product in < 2 years. Twice. + Product areas work on complex problems with awesome technical infrastructure set up already! + Smart peers, awesome project, if you get lucky or a particular team wants you.
It was a nice working environment
You can change the world while working in Google
High salary. Many perks. Great breakfast and lunch. Working with some very smart people. Learning all the Google technology. Free phone or tablet once a year. If you worked on a cool product and post on social media, you would probably have many followers. Company encourages employees to move around within the company. Free shuttle service to work.
Good food, good salary, good people.
all the things we know
An innovative company with many things to do. You can get massages and many other things to keep an employ busy.
Google is an awesome place to work with many great perks available to all employees
1 work with smart people 2 fun
Great culture, awesome products, wall-to-wall smart people.
Great and fun place to work. Still start-up atmosphere, but stable and strong business foundation. Happy to work with talented colleagues. Good foods!
Freedom to work on projects that really interest you.
Excellent compensation, benefits, and work environment.
Awesome challenges, great environment, great benefits
people, free food, thought leadership, impactful / world changing work, great learning bed
The benefits are great, the culture is great, and the technical challenges can only be found at a handful of places on earth.
- Comfortable environment - Amazing product and world class service
Everyone knows about the great perks and salaries are good.
Great benefits and compensation. Open culture. Interesting projects.
Lots of resources, great managers
The best reason to work at Google is to experience the pinnacle of tech companies. The culture there shows that they value their employees. From the free lunches, to recreational spaces, in depth training and a beautiful campus, it was a great experience during my time there working on a contract project.
Work environment is great here than
Everything about Google is amazing
Lots of free food. I've never gone hungry here.
Needless to say - great perks - food, facilities, gym, shuttles, medical benefits etc. Decent compensation. Good brand on your resume
Challenging projects. Autonomy. Fast moving in small teams
Everyone knows about the perks and unconventional culture.
Managers that are invested in your growth/professional development.
Insanely smart people everywhere (not just eng/prod). Looking for game changing ways to approach every problem. The food and shuttles are great benefits. You can end up working a lot but it's generally because you want to, not because you have to.
You work with some of the best and brightest in the world. Whichever field you're in there'll be at least one and probably several of the field's most renown luminaries working at Google. The perks are amazing, it's a great environment to get things done.
Casual but fast-paced work environment, mobility, concern for work-life balance.
Google offers an environment that allows you to focus on your work. They take care of your three meals if need be, offer classes of all sorts, provide you with the space to rest, and etc. Even if your work is demanding, it is very easy to relax and take a break.
Friendly people and excellent working environment
Best and brightest engineers I've ever worked with, very forgiving atmosphere, easy to change teams if something interesting comes along, lots of opportunity to visit offices in other cities and countries.
Great people, cool work, fun environment
Awesome place to work if you are a software engineer, are under 30 and thrive in an intense metric-based environment. Lots of smart people, lots of incredible perks.
One of the best places to learn exceptional client services. Typically very fun teams and co-workers. There are some exceptional leaders in the company to emulate and learn from. Free, healthy food, gym re-imbursement, massage etc are all great to have
The environment for short-term contract employees was far more respectful, dynamic, and downright fun than any other I've experienced.
great company to work a lot of smart people
Too many smart people are working around on great products, free food, great working environment makes this place heaven for workers.
Great opportunity to work with great people.
Great people to work with Great work culture
The culture and employees are as amazing as all the books say. Every person I met was enthusiastic, intellectual and supportive. Google has done an amazing job to create a community of ranging diversity with similar goals. Work hard and play hard is the common motto. I loved that I could work from any global office if approved and or from home on occasion.
Great perks, great pay, neat to see what is coming down the road and an open culture.
It pays well and it has a lot of resources to support big projects. Many of your coworkers will be smart. A few will be brilliant.
The company sincerely works toward its mission to make the worlds information universally accessible and useful. It's big enough that there is bound to be a job that you like, if you're willing to put in the effort of searching it out. People are generally friendly, smart and fun to work with.
Google is the only place I can think of whose majority of employees have a love/hate relationship with it. In a recent survey, most employees said that they were dissatisfied with their career direction/growth and that they were generally unhappy with the scope of their work. At the same time, the vast majority of employees believe in the direction the company is going and believe in senior leadership and would strongly recommend Google as a place to work. Smart enough to know they are capable of so much more and happy enough to not care? Let the good times roll!  If you were a fan of 90210, you are almost too old to work there but just young enough to appreciate the 'perks.'  Some really super cool people who will hopefully find another really cool place to work and do something great with their lives.  BBQ and the other food is ok too  For the few who get to work on really cool things that matter, life is good.  Highly competitive games of simple conversation.
Great team atmosphere. Solid perks.
The people at Google are phenomenal - the smartest and most capable people I have worked with. And they're friendly and easy to work with too - very few jerks - everybody there is generally trying to do the right thing. Also, once you're in, it's relatively easy to move around - I have had three different jobs within Google
Great benefits, good atmosphere, good pay and bonus
Amazing work life balance and compensation
Fun place to work, great team mates, many interesting projects,
High concentration of talent and interesting projects
Just what you would expect- exciting, innovative and creative culture, it is Google people! Perks, pay and people are a plus as well.
Huge impact Great culture Smart people Mission driven company Cutting edge of innovation
The well known perks are all there. You are given quite a bit of freedom and autonomy within your project or teams scope. The work is challenging and interesting.
Work life balance, Food, Atmosphere, Smart people
-great, smart people -large impact -exciting company to be a part of -consistent global culture -get to work on products that are used by millions of people and businesses
Great compensation, amazing perks, and incredibly passionate coworkers.  While most companies will claim that people are their number on priority, Google is the only company I've worked at that actually delivers on this.  My wife actually almost cried when she learned about the generous paternity leave policy and the "death benefit" provided by the company if anything should ever happen to me. It's overwhelming to see an employer go so far above and beyond just to make their employee's families lives better.  I won't say too much about pay other than that my total compensation this year will be 2.5 times what I received at my previous employer ~2 years ago as a Software Engineer.
They treat employees very well. Not just be feeding us, but by giving us some degrees of freedom to work on what we want. They pay a lot of attention to employee feedback and actually make changes based on what we say.  The technology is amazing and the people here are as smart as they come. More than likely, the "guy who wrote the book on it" works here.
benefits, campus, it is Google
Excellent benefits: free food, massages, great campus and awesome team mates. Great pay and work ethic. The trips overseas are fun too.
awesome benefits, good pay, reasonable company values
The legendary perks, the smart people, the do-gooding company ethos--it's all true and it's something to be thankful for every day.
Good salary, Excellent Benefits, Excellent Campus
Great environment, less work pressure and advanced technologies.
The job is good, food is good, money is okay. It is a great place to start your career since the company is so reputable.
amazing culture, good company, compatible work environment and work flexibility. I have loved to work for my company so far. It is a superb company
Environment that encourages everyone to stretch themselves with well aligned goals.
As a contractor, I was able to take advantage of free meal benefits and company facilities. Great team.
- Enjoy coming to work every single day - Do cool stuff that acutally matters - Fun and smart Co-workers - Google really invests in their employees
Amazingly talented people doing courageous work.
The roles have been challenging, dynamic, interesting, ambiguous and evolving. The people that I've gotten to work with are great (for the most part)--smart, driven, effective--they're what has kept me around for so long.
Loved making my own work schedule and hours.
Lots to learn, job culture is very unique, co-workers are very helpful and engaging
Finding top talent around the world for a great company.
- Entertainment! Yes, there is a workout room, pool tables, ping pong tables, Foosball tables, Xbox 360's, Playstation 3s, Wii !! - FOOD!! Ice Cream freezer, cookies, snacks of all sorts, gourmet and normal beverages free for the taking! Breakfast and Lunch are all homemade from Chefs with nothing ever frozen.
They do a lot of things with computers
Some of the perks. being part of IT history
Attracts the smartest people, benefits are as good as you read about.
everything a big company can offer and what you do changes the world
Ability to interact with very unique and intelligent co-workers Numerous employee perks (free food, fitness centers, events, massage, etc.)
+ Opportunities to learn new skills + Upper management support of career goals + Free onsite food and gym + Shuttle service to get to work + Top notch benefits
Work life balance. Great beta tech to play with
life work balance is best here, no too much work
Culture and perks are great. I can't think of another place I'd rather work.
Endless perks like: massages, breakfast, lunch, dinner, gyms, trainings, micro kitchens, volleyball, shuttle service
Working with smarts people who work hard and play hard
great benefits, helpful co-workers, good atmosphere, innovative environment full of tech savvy people
Great culture, great perks. The work is challenging and rewarding
Free food is amazing.Great atmosphere, people work together and help each other. No strict rules on hours. Many tech talks that you can attend freely to learn.
-perks are out of this world -very steep career + pay growth (eg you can move up quickly if you do well) -flatter organization -given lots of opportunity and responsibility -dynamic -mission is fulfilling -amazing people -fun culture, familial
The job offers the rare opportunity to make big impact to life of millions of people. I work with extremely smart people and everyone is excited to come to work everyday. With all different kinds of project in Google, I can alway find something that interests me.
Perks, products & innovation mixed with a fantastic culture
One word: money. The compensation, including the stock, is very good, and there aren't many other places that pay so well. The benefits are OK too but you need to be careful: for example, they have good insurance policies but by default they push you towards the bad ones.
people: supportive, friendly, smart, helpful
The perks are well known by now--not every office is like the one in Mountain View, but you'll find that they all are better than your average work facility.
Benefits are good. Shuttle transportation can be useful for many people. Occasionally there are interesting talks (but conference rooms are often way too tiny.)
great resources, perks, good internal opportunities
High Reputation, Good Payment, Balance Life
Growth opportunity at any level Friendly working atmosphere Lots of facilities for employees and no discrimination for contractors also. Work flexibility Well optimized business processes and policies Diversified culture Moderate pay structure
Very cool work culture. Open minded leaders
Perks and awesome projects/experience. Great culture and the ability to work with a lot of smart people.
* Great perks * Stable work environment * Fun work environment
- extremely smart and firendly peers and managers - open-minded and inclusive culture - working on huge-scale, high-impact products and services - drive to innovate on all levels in areas - big exposure, always in the news - plenty of learning opportunities
Great people, great perks. The work is interesting, and there can be a great 'if it is broke, go fix it' atmosphere.
Great perks (food, trips, holiday gifts, etc), variety of interesting work, get to work with really smart people, chance to dogfood really cool stuff.
- Benefits - Great people - Exposed to awesome ideas
* work with brilliant, motivated, caring people * excellent perks: free food, massages, flexible work schedule, wifi supported commute * extremely fast paced: room for creative problem solving, new challenges
The ability to bring fresh ideas to the table. It's a very creative environment and employees are given broad leeway to implement new things.
Career development is always top of mind for managers at Google. I love that we can work on a variety of projects.
its a wonderful place to work and the staff is amazing. I have learned so much from working here and can't wait to presume my career in the software engineering field.
Incredible perks, enormously intelligent and motivated people, lots of freedom to do as you want, competent to great managers
Tons of smart people. Arguably the most interesting problems in computer science are being tackled on a daily basis -- certainly at an unparalleled scale. Different product areas have different cultures, so it's hard to generalize about the company as a whole, but I don't think any other company offers as good a combination of interesting projects, great benefits and compensation, smart co-workers, and good culture. It is worth noting that your experience can vary a lot depending on your product area and manager.
fun experience, it was a blast, golden, a lot of work. work hard, play harder.
Everyone is friendly and the company is moving in an innovative direction
all of the best reasons center around the perks (campus, food, gym, on site haircuts, on site medical doctor, etc.)
Co-workers are super awesome and friendly, Free meals , High salary
they give much to employees (and contractors/temps)
Never boring. Constantly changing. Pay for performance.
lots of opportunities to grow, great benefits, awesome free food/drinks :)
Excellent work environment, great perks, great people, changing society and technology, very innovative, trusting workplace. If you get bored with a project, the company has a million other cool and exciting things you can work on instead.
Free food, great hardware, cool campus, amazing benefits
-lunches were provided -the schedule was flexible -incredibly smart people
Wonderful community of very talented employees and senior management
open culture, ample learning, good food, cool workspace
--perks and benefits are the best, all the stories are true --smart, fun people --challenging, interesting work
No other company jthinkss as big
- great food, awesome amenities, smart coworkers.
As other people mentioned before, the perks are amazing (food, shuttle, gym, massages, etc.) but the best at Google is the people. There is no "blame game" around. Everyone is working hard to help the company and the products to succeed.
Amazing vision and really amazing people
- Great salaries - Great career path and opportunities - Good work environment
The people I work with are great. From everyone that I talk to, everyone says all the free food in the world can't replace the caliber of people one works with... I totally agree. Onsite massage therapist and all the food you can eat is great but the people I work with are smart, forward thinking, and thinking about what is best for the users and company.
-Free breakfast, lunch, dinner -gyms located all around campus -drinks -awesome, intelligent people -speakers that drive creative thinking outside of your regular path -bowling alley -pool tables everywhere -great looking campus -easily collaborate internally with google apps
free food... free food. free
- Great talent - Fast Paced - Wonderful culture of innovation  I have met wonderful people at this company who truly inspire. They are smart, efficient, and almost everyone goes the extra mile. It's a company that values kindness as well (Don't Be Evil!) The people who don't fall into this category are so rare that they almost become special in their own right- shooting stars of below-average performance. Most everyone is fantastic.
Technologically challenging projects, excellent co-workers to work with.
Great Perks! Team collaboration, transparency and trust from management to manage your business.
smart people amazing perks strong brand that opens a lot of doors still lots of innovation
Unlimited resources. Leading products. Smart energetic co-workers. Great perks.
- Free food - Shuttles - Smart people - Flexible hours - 20% time
The network, people, community, and the access to information.
Solid management team, good pay, great benefits and perks.
Freedom to pursue self-identified projects, supportive and competent co-workers, and., of course, lots of free food.
Name recognition, excellent benefits, develop tech skills, internal mobility, additional responsibility, feeling of importance and challenge.
In order of importance:  1. A strong culture of creativity, innovation and avoiding unnecessary hierarchy, red tape and inertia.  2. Intellectually stimulating work. Even projects that sound boring at first become interesting when dealing with the challenges of doing them at Google scale.  3. Great perks. These make working at Google more fun, but also improve the culture. Free, really good food encourages teams to get away from their desks and eat together instead of just eating a boring, practical lunch at their desks. Various events such as ski trips are clearly designed to encourage people from different parts of the company to get to know each other. Tech talks are designed to create a culture of always learning instead of stagnating and becoming too settled in a small niche.
Great programs and some great people
Awesome people to work with. Good environment.
Awesome perks. Tons of fun.  You get to work on projects that have either never been built before, or never been built at this scale before.
Smart, hard-working, well-rounded people. Interesting, challenging projects. Good compensation & benefits. Get to do work that really maters.
Great people, great product, great company, great benefits
The only place I've ever worked where I've been criticized for not thinking big enough. Really smart people. A great place to incubate ideas. You are constantly pushed. I worked and launched a wide variety of products. Google is also big enough that it's difficult to get bored - there are always interesting projects to get involved with.
Great company to work for fresh Graduates who just passed out or people who are looking for entry level jobs.
Perks, Travel, Food, Culture, People
Flexibility, free breakfast, lunch, and, dinner. Fun environment. Great working culture. Smart co-workers. Good room for advancement.
- Perks/food/offices - Innovation - Leader in the industry. Your design and creation will set the tone.
*Great perks *something new always happening *easy internal mobility *smart coworkers *great benefits *tuition reimbursement
Perks, co-workers, food, shuttle, hammocks
pay is absolutely great- my opinion
All engineers get to code a lot.
Very good total compensation and benefit
Great and fun place to work, health benefits, fun people to work with room to develop.
Work from home, anytime you can, even on weekends.
Great culture and people. All the notorious perks make it a comfortable place to work.
Management is very supportive and projects always involve new and exciting challenges. Great place to work.
Working at Google is simply awesome. The cultural values are great and I can fully identify myself with the companies visions. The people here are all really smart and always try to push the envelope of what's possible.
smart and fun people, random perks, lots of resources, personable management, quirky
Classes on many subjects. Free food.
I began at Google pre-IPO so my experience is based on the way the company evolved over time from a smallish company of less than 600 employees, to the tens of thousands that work there today. Google is, as expected, an incredible place to work. Your colleagues will be brilliant and the work environment is world-class. The projects are interesting and there is the constant state of wonder you will get when seeing work you completed actually deployed, and used, by people all over the world. On top of that, the company allows for incredible personal development, both professionally and with regards to non-work related interests. Guest speakers and lectures have ranged from celebrity visitors, to heads of state, to famous bloggers with specific domain expertise like "The Strobist" whose blog is followed by the photography cognoscenti.
Profitable, pays well, great benefits.
Great company to work for
Google has lots of smart people working on many exciting projects. The perks and benefits are unbelievably good. Management is very open with employees about what's going on with the company. Google is one of the most impact-full companies in the world.
Some of the most brilliant minds have solved many of infrastructure's big woes today. Learning how it's done is quite exciting. Also, free food everywhere, awesome campus, and travel opportunities.
- Great, great perks. They really make you feel taken care of as an employee and as a person. - Great pride when you realize how the company is changing the world in a positive way and you are part of it. - Really nice people with not many big egos.
Never been happier at a company. Lots of challenges everyday, and you work with the brightest people in the world. Unlike a lot of big companies, people are willing to help one another. Big Google also tries to foster meritocracy, and every year they have a company wide survey that helps lower, middle, and upper management know what to improve directly from tens of thousands of Googler feedback.
Working on products that have a global impact Changing the world Intelligent and diverse coworkers Amazing internal resources Exciting office spaces They really care about you as a person and want you to succeed, both inside and outside the office
Free food/young team, play hard, work hard
The people are the best thing about Google. There is a can-do attitude and when you work for a company where its employees review each other, this will humble even the most egotistical of coworkers. The company perks are definitely top notch, too, though in the end it is the camaraderie that I experiences is what I miss.
I was an intern here and I had my first experience with real-world delivery of apps. Good stuff
It is the best for programmer, you can learn a lot from other excellent people. So strongly recommend google. it is worth for working and paying
awesome perks and decent compensation
Zero politics, awesome products, open and supportive culture. Getting to play with the internal infrastructure is amazing. Many things still happen at a grassroots level so you can really help shape the company and it's products. Employees are encouraged to openly question and debate if the company is doing the right thing. In my group management is almost non existent which I think is a good thing. Getting to work at an engineering center in downtown Manhattan. Perks are as good as everyone says.
In my experience, Google is an awesome place to work if: - you get intrinsic enjoyment from writing code - even when asked to spend months coding something for reasons that are unclear or less than inspiring (like lack of planning, inter-group politics, inertia, etc.) - you like reading code, doing code reviews, and having access to the entire source code of most google products. - you plan to work here for at least several years and like the idea of spending your first 3 to 6 months getting familiar with the large number of google-only systems, tools, libraries and coding practices that must be known even before doing small internal projects - even though this knowledge will be mostly irrelevant outside of google. - if forced to choose, you would prefer a high salary, incredible benefits and job stability more than working on projects you care about.  There are relatively few Pros that survived my first 2 months here and that I'll miss when I leave. These are: - you are surrounded by smart, interesting people many of whom are new to the area and looking to make friends. - some really awesome internally-built tools for writing code, doing code reviews, building dashboards, etc.
salary, benefit, google van, technology
Smart, motivated people make it fun to come to work every day. Products that touch many millions of people and make their lives easier. Prestigious employer makes finding your next job very easy - people love seeing Google on your resume ... even after you've been gone for years.
A great company with a great history that still allows you to make contributions that can have significant impact. Awesome work culture.
Smart people and on-scale opportunities.
Best company I have ever even heard of, much less worked at
great things to work on.
Easy work schedule. Work/life balance easy. You're doing something you love.
Work at Google, change the world.
Never a dull moment, always something new to work on, great camaraderie among co-workers, great perks, meaningful work, room for growth and job diversification
treats employees well does cool stuff free food and other things pays well
Everything was spectacular loved it!
Good intern program. Nice people.
-Challenging -Smartest people to work with -Changing the world
Challenging problems, work/life balance, the people.
Great people, food, and opportunities
* perfectly organized to take care of chores including meals and paperwork * you can focus on engineering tasks
great salary and benefits, health insurance for all and the ammenities around the company are suburb, great work life balance
good at most of time
The food was the only thing I liked about working here.
Work is hard, and there's lots of it, so it's not what I'd call a "cushy" job, but if you're not lazy and have what it takes to pass the legendary interviews, you will likely do well. It still feels like the company is run by engineers, even though that's not really the case anymore. And yeah, there's free food (3 times a day), soda, gym membership, and so on and so forth.
Well, you don't have to work at Software Engineer III, you could work as Sr. Software Engineer and get even more interesting projects and influence on how they go.
Benefits, perks, great people, culture
People are very friendly here
Great benefits, free food, latitude to create projects that make a difference, environment of trying to change the world in a positive way
Fantastic people to work with
Great and fantastic. Nice people, great work experience, overall a great company to work for.
young work crowd happy atmosphere like minded people aggressive mentality chance to make it really big
Lots of new challenges everyday.
Free food, flexibility to travel, work hard play hard mentality, generally smart and considerate coworkers, open communication
Very nice environment for work, great people to work with, and some exciting projects. Also, very good benefits and competitive salary.
I doubt there is a company that treats any of their employees as well as Google does. As an employee you really feel like the company shares wealth among all their employees. The work you do here is high impact and they're very open to letting you figure out new ways to do things.
innovative, diverse portfolio, forward-looking, brilliant teammates, dynamic, perks
I was a summer intern. I got a challenging project during the summer to accomplish. The working atmosphere is free but tough. Free food is awesome.
great treatment of employees, amazing culure, smart/hardworking/dedicated employees, a chance to make a big impact
free food, good pay, good people
Working at scale - you can have a global impact in almost any area. Getting to Think Big - Strong technical peers - highly educated, exceptionally skilled workforce.
Great people and culture. You have the autonomy to follow your interests and build your own career path.
-Work/life balance -Career development opportunities -Support from management to pursue 20% projects
Awesome work life balance. Super smart people, great culture. They make the tools you need to success super accessible (info and hardware).
Food. I think I have gained about 15 pounds since I have been here :)
Good location, good salary and good food. I like the company and the location. The atmosphere is nice there. The interview is competitive. I do not know how many words to input.
Fantastic perks, really smart people, and a great place to get started with a career. Overall, really enjoyed my experiences there and hope the best for the company.
All of the amenities are great.
nothing good to say about this company. works you to death. too much back stabbing and politics
- Exciting work/work environment - Exposed to cutting edge technology - Interaction with world class engineers - Great connections within the industry
Good perks and learning environment
Free Food, Young People, Laid back atmosphere, Don't feel like you are being micromanaged.
free food, smart people, overall interesting projects, flexible work hours (still long hours) The benefits and salary is very good but comparing to how much you end up working is not that lucrative,
The single most important factor for me is that you can learn a lot here. You can meet many great people, who contributed a lot to CS in general. When you want to improve your skills in particular area, you can join the team that works on that area. Also the codebase is huge with multiple examples of great engineering. Google has some internal learning classes etc. but I didn't find it as useful as people, projects and the codebase.  Another thing is the "hackability". With the tools we have it's very simple to start hacking on something and you can focus on solving problems. If you have an idea that you want to try, often you can have something ready within a day or two with no frustrations coming from fighting the tools all the time.
Best place to work 2013
Perks, benefits, bonuses, pay and public perception
Google treats it's contractors fairly well, giving them paid holidays (after 520 hours of work), access to the free food and the gyms, along with other great perks. It also fosters a creative, collaborative atmosphere and strives to give employees ownership over tasks and room to learn and grow in their careers.
i like working here, lots of interesting project, friendly and helpful colleagues and free food.
great people, great food, good work life balance
It's a meritocracy of ideas... I had the great fortune of proposing and executing on many rewarding projects. If you have an idea and it makes business sense, you will get the green light here. It's amazing.
Great culture, openness, many really innovative and challenging projects.
best job in this place
Lots of smart people to work with.
Great people, great projects, great culture
Corporate culture is excellent, great benefits and perks
Great benefit package with lots of free or convenient onsite services.
free perks, cool and wide range of projects, freedom, respect, and trust from colleagues and the company.
Very flat organization. Everyone gets to contribute. Fantastic co-workers and very talented work force. Free meals!
Salary and benefits are some of the best around. Most departments respect work/life balance. Internal mobility is good. Overall skill level of peers is very high.
-Flexibility -Independence -Great sense of camaraderie
Great collaborative experience. Amazing facilities. Great food.
Great benefits. Smart coworkers. Inspiring company. I left Google for two years to get an MBA and recently rejoined the company. I've had exposure to other companies and they just don't compare.
excellent pay smart people great benefits and gadget perks great on a resume great engineering environment
it has being the best job in my life with a great team who are a great support in all areas of my life. The best work experience ever.
The perks are unparalleled. 3 meals a day and unlimited snacks, gym and comprehensive fitness program, laundry machines, bowling alley, intramural and other special interest clubs, full class schedules and speakers
Google has a very good culture. Management is very open with employees and information flows from top to bottom continuously. Google has a lot of learning opportunities. A lot of authors and researchers come to present their work and give talks to employees. Benefits are good.
You have awesome, competent coworkers. The challenges are huge and you have unique opportunities that are only available at Google. The compensation and benefits are excellent.
Excellent people, great peers, overall good managers. Plentiful tools, competitive pay, unbeatable benefits and perks.
Autonomy, trust and flexibility to do you job. The basic philosophy is to hire smart people and let them get stuff done independently. The atmosphere and structure is actually brilliant and with nice cash compensation it's a great place to be.
Google as a great place to work.
Great benefits, amazing food & really smart people
Pay/benefits, colleagues, feel of changing the world, not having to explain to mom who I work for, free lunches, dogs at work, career prospects good, smart people
I feel like I fell asleep and woke up in the future.
People, environment, and pay/perks are great. They really spoil you. Projects are challenging so you really get to grow your skills daily. Coworkers are the smartest, funniest, and most conscientious I have ever worked with.
Great perks, great environment, great culture. Everybody working here is smart, friendly, and approachable. Plus, there are always awesome events, celebrities or performers coming, writers speaking about their books, etc.
Workplace is very comfortable. Great brand.
For superb software enginerr, superb salary, bonus, and stock
Free lunch every work day, game rooms with pool / foosball / ping pong / console gaming, kitchenettes with snack and beverages replenished twice per work day
The people, the culture, and the constant innovation - makes coming to work everyday a fun routine.
Smart, motivated people. Great tools and build systems. Great infrastructure for building web properties.
- The company is willing to bet on risky projects - Projects have a worldwide visibility - Fun people, fun environment - Amazingly smart coworkers
Absolutely incredible pay + benefits - I'm making more than I ever imagined - #1 reason I haven't left Flexible work environment - not tied to a desk all day - can go outside/work at a Google Cafe, etc. Lack of structure means can define own job & execute on what you think is important Resume builder - Google looks great on your resume
Google offer an amazing work environment, with unbelievable perks. People around you are very smart  Whatever you do in Google, you are probably working on (or supporting) an innovative product and having a quite large impact.  Things move at a very fast pace. The speed is really one of a startup. Organized chaos is how I should describe Google. A chaos that magically works  It is a relatively flat organization. While there is a well defined chain of command in every function, the individual are still empowered to work cross-functionally and take initiative.
Open atmosphere, flexible working hours, lots of interesting projects
Work environment is so amazing
- people are great and smart - work is challenging and independence to choose what to work on - perks
Fun, free food, awesome other perks, trust, transparency
Great place to work. Compensations and benefits are very generous. Interesting projects to work on. Easy to change groups, at least in engineering. Easy to relocate to a new office if you find projects related to your interest there. Get to work with some really smart people.
Great people to work with. Management really cares about team members
Smart, driven colleagues, near limitless resources, ideal work environment, excellent work/life balance, international work opportunities, opportunities for growth (more intellectual than career)
Outstanding technical environment. Lots of talented and super smart contributors. The perks are really nice: food, guest talks. 20% time for engineers to invent what they really care about. The company is trying real hard to do good for society and promote a progressive agenda.
Great Perks! Very cool company, name recognition. Pride in working for the good guys. Work with the best and brightest.
Some of industry's best professionals work here and are open to share their knowledge and experience. Best place to sharpen your skills.
Pay, benefits, prestige. Could be worth a try.
Good Compensation and Benefits. Most peers were a pleasure to work with.
awesome benefits, great salary, options, everyone's nice, intellectual, free food, very casual
Lots of perks and great work life balance! Google really cares about their employees and their products and it shows. It's great to be a part of such amazing innovation, and having the opportunity to work with such great minds.
Great work-life balance No two roles are the same, there's so much flexibility in creating the role you want Senior managers are awesome, really open and receptive to ideas
Great perks/benefits Opportunities to do impactful work, learn a lot and try different things out all the time. Fun, casual work environment. Working alongside super smart people solving problems that effect billions of people worldwide.
Great company, awesome work don
Food Lots of primary colored campuses McKinsey folks around campus ignore all they learned to lead Google (great for ineffective leaders, bad for those that stand for change) PR team is a well oiled machine Google is in its own reality, outside opinions that don't agree are ignored / rebuffed
The culture is great. Google feeds employees well. A lot of smart people work here.
Google has a lot of smart and nice people to work with. People work collaboratively. The company has many great benefits. It just feels like the company has hired the best people to work on all the benefits (401k, fitness, food, etc etc) as well.
Comfortable working environment, good culture.
Incredibly smart, dedicated people working on amazing problems. Out of this world perks (if that excites you). Free food, snacks, dog-friendly, massages, etc you name it. And the opportunity to work with the most powerful data tools in the world!
you can move in dog years at google. it's a great opportunity career wise, and also has alot of challenge to it. if you're okay with a rapidly moving bar of expectations for achievement, then google would likely be your place. stay organized, ask questions, and don't waste time.
Bright people to work with. Competent managers
Google is a wonderful place to intern.
The perks are clearly a huge win, but the best part of working at google is the autonomy you are given to to real, impactful work that is seen by millions of people.
Good culture. Innovative. Good benefit.
Great crowd, knowledge base, infrastructure, amazing benefits, minimal bureaucracy, transparency, company genuinely cares about their employee's happiness, and the result is a very happy and fun place to work at.
Amazing colleagues at the top of their game who are surprisingly unpretentious and approachable. Unfathomable benefits - food, gifts, freedom. A peek "behind the curtain" Openness, trust, and a really unique corporate culture
smart peers, value on work life balance, open culture internally, excellent benefits, nice work space
Great flexibility and very friendly work environment.
The employers were very understandful.
+ Highest pay around. + Free meals & food, transportation, housing, gym access, car sharing. + Access to the brightest minds in the industry. + Chance to work on real, production code that will be used while you still work there.
great products and benefits, some teams are awesome
Great product, great culture. I love the google search, and android system, gmail etc.
Great company...... Dream company of anyone....
Everyone in engineering is very smart and nice. As a nerd, I feel right at home. Excellent benefits. Amazing infrastructure to do your job. Interesting problems.
Free food, Massage centre, heavy facilities.Reputed company.Big company,friendly environment
Google not only has amazing benefits including great health care/dental/vision, 401K contribution-matching, free food, gym, etc., but it provides amazing resources for skill-building. The company has an entire organization dedicated to providing in-house classes from everything to excel to presentation skills. The company also promotes its workers to bring their own ideas to the table and execute them no matter their level in the department.
- Integrated Product, Engineering and UX teams - Focus is on the user and improving product - Incredibly sophisticated software development practices and agility - Transparency of the organization - Really smart leadership team - Very comprehensive benefits & perks - Strong education program
The company will take care of you. You will have the best health coverage you can think about and most likely your salary will be above average. You get to work with really smart people.
Exciting to work for a company who values your ideas. Very smart and talented group of people!
Excellent work environment and coworkers. Everyone is really open and sharing and it is a great atmosphere. The company is also very open with everything that is going on,
Artificial Intelligence Scientists were super smart and fun to work with. Learned a ton.
lots of smart people to work with.
Most innovative company I know of.
Fun work environment, challenging, flexible, great pay.
Excellent salary / benefits / perks. Super smart people. Challenging projects. You learn a TON working here.
Smart coworkers The best perks in the valley Competitive pay
Growing company which offer more potential opportunities
Intelligent colleagues, opportunity for great impact on life quality of Google users, great benefits.
Lots of autonomy. Lots of product focus. They take focus on the customer seriously. Technology and engineer-driven culture where they aim to solve tough problems, not a lot of gimmiky product work going on. Everyone there is whip-smart and there isn't much politics.
You are working with some of the smartest, most cultured people you will ever meet. The lessons you learn from co-workers is invaluable.
Free breakfast, lunch dinner, massages, weekly entertainment, free drinks and snacks. Game room. Scooters.
You can make differences to life of people around the globe. It's a philanthropic company. You can have sense of pride.
Great benefits. Great products. Great working environment.
- Stability - Lots of computing resources at your disposal - Mature codebase - Great colleagues - Outstanding remuneration
- Smart coworkers - Unbeatable perks and benefits - Good compensation - Relevant work that's challenging - Very numbers driven and results oriented (encourages getting stuff done, not siting around talking about what needs to be done)
Transparent, not greedy, amazing co-workers, great FREE FOOD!
Smart, driven colleagues People are motivated to do good for the user and for society Treats employees well Lots of opportunities to try new things
Google has pretty flexible working environment. Google also has free food. That's good.
Great environment to experiment with different roles and find out what type of field of work you would like to do more.
Smart coworkers Great office locations Great benefits Interesting projects
Google is an amazing company. Innovative, passionate, insisting and investing to stay young, and continuously trying to improve
I would say that the quality of my co-workers is very high. My managers have all at least seemed to be concerned with my personal well-being. There is always something new to learn here.
Amazing, smart, fun, and quirky colleagues Great brand name on your resume Open and transparent management The food, of course
Work life balance? Yes, you got it. You can find it at this high tech company! They even have a mother's room for you to feed your little baby. There was on-site washer and dryer. An employee got transferred from NY to MV HQ and didn't got out for a month, just living on Google campus! A lot of young and bright minds to work with, they will absolutely inspire you! The food is awesome and you will gain the infamous Google 15-30 lbs! The problem you are working to solve is instantly used by billions of people. How exciting that is!!!
Change the world, great people to work with, tremendous perks and respect for employees, lots of opportunity to grow.
You get ur space.. You get to place ur ideas..
Great culture Great benefits Great rewards & bonus for high performance
- Work with the best and brightest -- in over a year I've yet to meet anyone who isn't bright and highly competent. - Open culture and supportive management at all levels. I had some recent challenges in my family life and was told by my manager to take whatever time I needed, even if it was weeks. - Work on projects that seriously have the chance to change the world. - Great perks, including free breakfast and lunch daily, and the food is gourmet-quality. - Wonderful office environment (other than not having private offices). Boulder boasts a climbing wall, fitness center, showers (with towel service!), stage with instruments where employees have impromptu jam sessions, foosball, shuffleboard, pool, video games, relaxation room, massage room... it goes on and on.
TGIF - super exciting stuff going on in the company that you have an inside look at every week. Transparency at the level of the executives. (Note - transparency within your own group depends entirely on your manager/director, and may be completely counter to Google's overall level of transparency) CEO - Larry Page back at the helm has been awesome for the company Smart people, some really good at what they do
Fun projects Easy to have a big impact on the world
Great People working with the company
- Smart colleagues - Reach: Software you work on is used my millions - Good salary and benefits - Good development environment
good pay good environment nice projects very beautiful buildings plush gardens projects are fascinating more-and-more people are getting recruited everyday
The best place to work at.
- There are many opportunities within the company - Google has hired some of the best names in software development, and don't be surprised if you get a chance to work with them. - Free food at all offices, at MTV and NY the perks are just incredible - onsite gym, massages, lectures from luminaries in all fields - Depending on your project, you will learn a lot about industrial strength software engineering and deployment.
So Many. This is the best place to work if you are motivated. Everyone you work with has so much talent. Lazy people don't exist here.
it was really great to work at google. Really friendly coworkers as well as supervisors made for an enjoyable experience.
Great technology and processes that are optimized to let you succeed. Tons to learn. Smart people who are generally friendly. Fair amount of autonomy to shape your own destiny.
intellectual, interesting things to work on, good pay, respectful colleagues, high prestige, decent work to life balance, managers are technically v. strong.
Free gourmet food, coffee and beverages, great benefits, decent salary,
Incredible work environment, fast pace, interesting work topics, interesting project, employee involvement, flat management structure, good benefit, incredible free food
Google has great technology, open culture and good colleagues at work place.
Sure, from the outside people always talk about the awesome benefits and perks of Google, and the fact that you are surrounded by one of the smartest people in the world, but it really boils down to one thing: this company really respect its employees and gives ownership to them.  There is an immense transparency at Google I have never seen at other big companies. Employees can voice their opinion on anything at Google and senior management (and boy, we do voice our opinion). The energy, atmosphere, and ownership at Google is really addictive, and I can't see myself working for any other company in the future, even if the pay is better.  I do use my 20% time and actually work on another project I feel passionately about, and when you think that we are already indulged with so many benefits and perks, they just get better and better every year.
Many interesting office locations, you can be a software engineer in Paris, Sydney, New York City, or elsewhere. Good Benefits. Reasonable compensation.
Benefits, culture, compensation, coworkers, mission, products, resources.
Lots of smart people, and great benefits
good pay, nice coworkers, friendly atmosphere
Lots and lots of money thrown around to bring in celebrities and authors to keep you interested, the space is very clean
Benefits package is outstanding, great visibility into future roadmap and plans. Built and operates as an engineering company with a solid future.
Great perks (many of which are available for contract workers). Wonderful communication from senior management about issues and new products Fun, with lots going on.
Free food, lots of fun activities going on the campus. Really awesome tools internally, and also lots of benefits and fun.
For lack of a better way to say it, Google is just a fun place to work. There are a lot of different personalities and the attitude of the whole place is very relaxed. The best thing, however, is that this doesn't detract from the drive that individual employees and the company's leadership have to create great products and really make life better for millions (or billions) of people. It's refreshing to go to work every day with people who are very smart but still pretty down-to-earth. Another key benefit is the fact that the company is very open in terms of sharing information with its employees. Top-secret projects are regularly shared company-wide and help employees feel that they're really engaged with the company's mission and accomplishments. Finally, for product managers specifically, the scope of the job at Google is much broader than what you might get with a similar level of experience at other large tech companies, which makes you feel like you're making much more of an impact.
Brilliant coworkers, great benefits, good food, flexible schedule.
Many Cafeterias to chose from
Google has a fantastic engineering culture and an incredible practice of software development. Everyone in the company has something valuable to offer, and there's a lot to learn from the people and the organization.
-Great Benefits- food, gym, time off, good hours -Lots of opportunities for interns to sit in on meetings, get contact with higher-ups -Strong intern program in business and engineering -Can be proud to work at Google, your friends and family will recognize your achievement and looks great on a resume -Flexibility to work in different departments after a year or two with the company
The best working environment I have ever seen. Everyone is generally a team player, everyone is very smart. The leadership will make big bets to try to make things better for the user, the internal transparency is rare and everyone shares information quite freely. The benefits are industry leading and the relative youth of the company keeps it a remarkably fun place to work.
More than any other workplace, Google trusts its employees. Each engineer has access to almost the entire codebase and there is very little micromanaging.
Working with smart people daily, amazing gourmet free food, fantastic career growth opportunities within Google. If you don't like the project you're working on, you can transfer to a different project, even to be a different "type" of engineer (e.g. frontend/backend/storage). I work with people who've worked on several projects at Google.  Working on projects that you genuinely believe help make the world a better place, helping users connect with each other or give them greater access to information.  I like the direction Larry has taken the company, feels more focused now than before.  Very pro-women, pro-LGBT, pro-minority environment. I'm a female software engineer and have not seen a shred of the sexism or attitude towards women that I've experienced at other workplaces.
- Sets the bar for employee perks - Work with some of the best in the industry - Develop content on projects used globally
Great benefits, working with the most talented individuals, diversity, promotes work life balance and just positive energy!
The people, food, events, culture, and scale of work were all incredible. How many places provide cooking internships for employees?
Fun culture and people are incredibly smart and passionate about work/life Lots of free food (be careful or you'll gain the Google 15) Flexible schedule (I was able to work from home when I needed to)  Any time I called or emailed a passive candidate I almost always got a response.
Started and worked on amazing products, which turned out to be highly successful.
Perks are second to none. Google provides every employee with free food freshly prepared on site each day by professional chefs. Google also provides free transportation to / from work from many areas where employees live. Google also has health care facilities on-site so that employees don't have to spend time driving to the doctor. Google employees can also pay to have their hair cut, get their oil changed, get their dry cleaning done, even get their bicycle repaired all on-site.
It is the best place for software engineers. You can lean a lot from smart googlers. Also, meals are free.
Good infrastructure. Good opportunity to work on interesting problems. Good place to learn how to be a professional software engineer for beginning engineers.
High concentration of smart + great people. Employees empowered to change the word in the good way. Full compensation package (base salary + bonus + stock + perks) is great and not easy to beat IMO, People who criticize it must have not done the math right and/or are performing poorly.
Quality of individual hires, strength of business, free cash flow which funds perks and benefits, less politics than other companies of a similar size
The following is related to sales operations management. You'll work with very smart people, and get a lot of support and feedback around doing your best work. Most senior managers have great knowledge, a lot of advice to offer, and value open, transparent communication. You'll likely work the hardest you've ever worked at Google, but you'll also be greatly rewarded. Also, Google makes it very easy to work your hardest, and that's a huge bonus if you're interested in super-charging your career. Example (day in the life): take free shuttle to work, use available corp vehicles to run daytime errands, grab a hand brewed coffee and gourmet breakfast before starting work, communicate with brightest in your industry during the day, visit a tech-talk and learn something new, workout in the gym w/ a trainer before lunch, have lunch with a colleague at 1 of >15 free themed cafes, grab an espresso shot from the micro-kitchen on way to your desk, collaborate on a new project with someone in a different working group, back to your own work, quick $5 chair massage to rejuvenate, swing by tech-stop on way to grab a new mouse, before your professional desk ergonomic consultation begins, more work, grab gourmet dinner starting at 6:30, woah, it's late - time to go home, grab late (8:30) shuttle home. (I guess i'll have to do my laundry for free at work tomorrow).
Amazing perks, benefits and pay Interesting work and smart colleagues (middle managers are the exception). Concern for change is there, empowerment to do so unfortunately isn't given to the recruiting team.
Great pay, great projects, smart people to work with
Really smart people, great benefits, amazing level of transparency and access, people -especially at the top are really committed to "getting it right"
People, vision, willingness to take risk, open culture
open culture, freedom of choosing projects.
There is a lot of interesting work and customers with challenging problems. The company is a large portfolio of hardware and software solutions to work with.
- Great perks (free food, shuttle, massage, everything) - Super smart people - Very interesting projects with a lot of reach
Google has high quality employees. This makes it a great place to work at because you get to learn from people with all sorts of talents.
plenty of opportunities cool technology good perks
The company allowed me to achieve growth and a better willingness to learn! I was able to advance from working within groups.
-Google Full Timers are very helpful in terms of meeting with interns to give advice. -Information is freely shared and the company is very transparent. -Great recruiting staff that are an awesome support system for interns -Fun perks -Sweet pay -Opportunities to learn and network -Surrounded by intelligent and savvy people
They work hard, but are allowed to play hard. 3 free meals/day + unlimited snacks. Great company sponsored outings!
In the right Eng group, young engineers will learn a lot. The food is good. The bicycles are handy.
Smart and driven people, managers open and willing to speak with you.
Respect engineers in decision making. A lot of mobility in moving into projects Information open to everyone and transparent process World-class peers to work with
A large company with well known and famous mentors. Foods are free and are delicious. Lots of activities.
The people here are super cool. Everyone is so smart. Everyone is so nice. Lots of opportunity
the perks working here are very enticing
Everybody who's paying attention knows how great the perks are. Between on-site gyms, massage, a wide selection of health benefits, 401k and stock grants, competitive salary, and of course the free, gourmet meals, it's one of the cushiest jobs in Silicon Valley.  The technical challenges are interesting, and the code base is enormous. Engineers are encouraged to fix any and all problems, on their own teams or completely separate projects. There is a lot of freedom to do anything that interests you, as long as you have time.
Great perks, work-life balance, little hierarchy, genuinely friendly coworkers, great place to network and meet future entrepreneurs, diverse workplace, LGBT friendly, open culture, smart coworkers.
Very open communication from senior management all the way down to interns Vested interest in employees and personal development (GoogleEDU) Smartest / most creative people I've met
We are plied with small perks like espresso and organic vegetables.
Great benefits, great culture, enthusiastic team
See your company and maybe your work in the headlines. Work with some of the best and brightest co-workers in the world. Work with applications that millions of people use and enjoy. Great food, good benefits and bonuses. Information exchange inside the company is quite open, making it easy to find out about opportunities.
Awesome food, great salary, wonderful coworkers. Lots of room for a self-starter to advance. Promotion can be quite rapid if you are determined and this is your goal. None of the cost/benefit approach to IT that you see at a lot of other companies.
Great benefits, smart people, good connections, looks great on resume, interesting projects, provides transportation if applicable, lots of resources and funding for projects
Pick a passion and run with it. You make your career at Google, not your manager.
- available food onsite - very competitive salary - good bonuses - variety of projects - clear communication w/ management - smart people working there
Good fame Good money Free food/shuttle etc
Nice perk, good compensation. Love the free food.
everything looks fine to me
You will have a chance to work with some of the smartest people in the industry
- Average level of engineers is very high. Not everyone is a superstar, but there are practically no "dummies". - Lots of interesting technologies to learn. Many things have been almost a revelation for me. - Management is generally competent and caring, but see below. - High transparency, especially of technology - can easily find and look at any code. Projects are usually well documented, removing unnecessary obstacles for learning. - Free food, shuttle rides to work, pretty generous vacation time.
Career development, impact and range.
everyone wants to join Google because it is a giant party. Free Food, onsite everything, free seminars, movies and lectures. But you have go to produce. They don't care if you party all week long but when the deadline arrives, you need to deliver.
great work lot of bucks
It is an evenvironment in which everyone participates and contributes, unlike previous environments that have numerous employees that are just putting in time
It's a great atmosphere in order to get a lot of interesting work done. Lots of good smart friends around you.
Free food, good benefits, nice workplace.... Many young people.
You had great perks you can not get with any other company. Your treated like a super star at work!
- Exciting work - Can see impact of your work fairly quickly - Accomplished colleagues - Great brand recognition
Save $ on food and transportation
Good benefits, good infrastructure, generally reasonable coworkers.
Had a blast in Google with all the freebies, excellent people to work with. Competitive atmosphere. people are great. opportunities for development
Amazing culture, great opportunity to learn.
Great place to work... Great perks and people. Very team oriented. People are smart (see con :-) and friendly. Not political as far as I can tell. Engineering focused which makes it feel like a meritocracy. Again the perks are really amazing... feel like the company really values me.
good perks, friendly and laid back atmosphere
Quality of work is good. You can choose what you want to work.
- Perks (cafeterias, massage, wellness programs, commuter shuttles, bowling alley (!) etc. etc.) are amazing - Sharp people - Flexible work environment - Strong teamwork culture
Flex hours, great food, easy
Best Work Life Balance ever seen
I like the technology, culture and perks in Google. I like the fact that Google has many offices all over the world.
Energy atmosphere High expectations Benefits Package Perks Good place to try out once. Though you have to fight for good work and to be recognized.
Dynamic, innovative, creative and simplicity
Perks, food, successful company, some cool products, resume builder
Terrific people, interesting and challenging problems to work on, with amazing collaborators at every level, high impact (huge numbers of users), wonderful work environment (food, space, lack of bureaucracy), awesome to be able to get help with whatever on a mailing list at practically any time of day or night.
benefits, atmosphere, decorum, all very strong at google.
A great place to launch your career. Many talented people are still working at Google although there has been a constant exodus of top talent. A nice to place to network and learn.
Opportunity for big impact Fun people Can afford to do anything they decide to -- its not a startup experience
Google is a great place to work at. Good people, awesome pay and fun culture.
free food, gym, perks. big name for recognition.
Great perks and pay. You can be proud to tell your mom you work there. Work/Life balance is good. Employees are good people to know now and for the future. Work on great products that hundreds of millions or billions of people will use.
The teamwork is wonderful and supportive, though competitive as all get out. Recruiting for the best of the best is an interesting and vital experience at Google. The ATS is wonderful, compared to others out there. The culture is vital, dynamic and engaging.
Amazing benefits, amazing people that make you grow, and amazing work. You really feel like what you're doing has an impact on the world.
Great food, great people. The people are smart and sharp and it was a joy to work with them everyday
A value placed upon moving fast and breaking things. A true meritocracy culture. As egalitarian a workforce as I have ever seen. Probably the best engineering team on the planet. Incredible benefits and pay.
Great infrastructure, great technology, great food (bad for keeping fit though).
Freedom of what to work on, Lots of areas, Engineers are highly respected, Knowledge are shared across company, Great infrastructure to minimize work burden,
Great people to work for
Always on the leading edge of technology. High pressure workplace but high rewards. Access to all technologies. No limit on hardware.
Brilliant coworkers. Culture promotes continuous learning. There's a famous author, artist or industry leader giving a talk or performance at the company every week. Amazing perks. 50% match in 401k.
very good work environment and benefits
innovation, creativity, the chance to do anything with the 20 percent time. The chance to work on innovative products along side with some extremely smart people.
1. Lots of smart people around. 2. Technology knowledge is abound, and is easily accessible. 3. Job impact on the world is tremendous. 4. Neat perks.
It is a very free environment. I am able to work freely and they give people here a lot of freedom at work. I really am enjoying the experiences.
Great... ...global impact & scale ...for resume & prof. growth --people ---perks ---culture ----work-life balance ----great training resources
It is a great experience
Three excellent gourmet meals a day (free), and the best food out of all the Google offices I've been to (including fresh-baked cookies during ice cream hour!). Tremendous opportunities for professional and personal growth with several tech talks and classes every week. Every aspect of the organization is cooperatively engineered, peer-reviewed, and open to feedback and iterative improvement. A high level of respect is maintained between peers and managers alike. Consistently high annual bonus. Aggressive 401k and donation matching programs. Salaries are substantially higher since November 2010 when the scale was significantly adjusted upward.
yoy learn a lot, creativity is demanded, free hand is given to test your creativity, wonderful work culture, one of the best practises are followed.
well google is a huge company that i always admired like most people do and it looks so simple when you visit the website, yet it is extremely complicated once you realize how big it is and how many projects/products they have at the same time.
Successful company, smart people, great culture.
One of the best experiences in my life, nothing can or probably will come to these few years of my life at Google.
good, you can have a lot of fun with a lot of talented guys and gals it's really nice place.
The free food is good.
Talent people, happy environment, good food
-- one of a handful of companies with big ambitions on changing the world, and does not restrict itself to core competencies. -- startup environment in many teams like Android, Chrome, etc. -- surrounded by very smart people who also care about doing things "right" and genuinely want to make the world a better place
Great food, amenities and good compensation. Excellent location in Chelsea.
Scale! Build innovative products that effect millions.
delicious food, massages, TGIF/ other nice events, generally smart people (but also many are total weirdos), many engineers truly passionate about products
Great benefits, chill work atmosphere
Like Disneyland, great food, fun environment, fantastic resources and a shuttle! Overall really great environment to be in.
Amazing opportunities to learn about technology, product management from some of the best and the brightest. You can instantly work on a high traffic product day one.
- very nice engineering infrastructure, you can a lot of resources to do things you can never think of in other places
Great place for fresh grads. Dynamic and full of energy. A lot of independence. A place to network with very capable people. Good for learning cutting-edge engineering and networking.
-Great perks and benefits overall -Smart people -Ever-changing
Work life balance and the benefits by far
good work-life balance, openness about important company information from the top-down, dedicated to providing feedback and resources to help you develop professionally
Still one of the best places to work--amazing perks, a true commitment to work-life balance, incredible openness about important company information from the top-down, dedicated to providing feedback and resources to help you develop professionally, smart/friendly/driven individuals that you interact with every day
- Number of unparalleled perks and benefits - Known for its young, intelligent, enthusiastic workforce - Many opportunities for personal growth (classes and talks)
Google is the best place to start for a fresh graduate. You can learn a lot here. I loved working on mapreduce infrastructure, the google implementation is years ahead of any implementation (hadoop etc) and learned a lot. It was incredibly easy to find a job after I left Google, my experience was valued very much by other companies. Until very recent times Google was the best place to work on new innovative projects in any area from information retrieval and natural language processing to large scale distributed system. The infrastructure of datacenters is very impressive, very few companies can give you similar resources. It's up to employee to decide how much time he spends in his office and how much time he works from home. Food is free and many other benefits are available.
great place to work but need to have more pay for the work they give
stock is doing well so i am happy
Google has one of the best company environments I've ever worked in. People are friendly, intelligent, honest, and genuinely concerned about the user experience above all else.
(1) Culture - very open, lots of respect for people, not hierarchical (2) People - highly driven, intelligent and very friendly (3) Opportunities - high growth, still at the beginning of the advertising shift online (4) Nature of the work - fast paced, highly innovative
Great perks, people, great products and lots of flexibility
Coming out of college, I think Google provides a huge opportunity to advance quickly, but to a point. You'll be given considerable responsibility, and paid accordingly with some pretty terrific perks.
Excellent compensation and benefits, including very generous match for charitable donations.
Google is a wonderful place to work. New York office is fantastic and I love my team. I encourage everyone to apply.
- Relaxed yet professional working set up - Opportunity for learning and professional growth - Excellent food - Good salary and healthy competition - Very helpful colleagues
- Peers are sheer geniuses in their realm, very low amount of low performers - Fun - Great Start for college grads - pace is fast, learning is fast - AWESOME annual bonus
Google is a good place to work.
Easy work, lots of random cool projects to work on. Get to multitask on tons of projects at the same time. Good location.
Innovative, unique culture - highly collaborative and relatively transparent community.
Free Food, Easy work hours
Great company to work for
Google is still a great place to go out and have an impact as an individual engineer and to have a chance to work with other awesome engineers. Management regularly makes it clear how important the individual contributor is to the company, and routinely solicits options and ideas from across the company.  There has been a lot of work on addressing past weakness with career development through more manager training, more developed mentorship programs, and more talks / transparency on the performance review process. This has been part of a trend in the company to stay aware of what issues are concerning employees across the board and attempt to fix them.
It is a very good company to work for. They provide great benefits and treat their employees well.
One of the top 10 companies in America to work for according to Fortune magazine. Its one of the best experiences that I have ever had.
great side benefits, free food, nice setting for a corporation. Some of the people were nice to work with, young atmosphere
projects have high visibility & impact work with very intelligent colleagues employees are well catered to
Google takes care of almost all of your needs, from computer and ergo equipment to a ride to work, a rental car when you need it for an errand, and tons of free food. They do a great job at trying to remove any worries about life so you can focus on your job.
Great community and a great place to work. The benefits are top notch and the managers seem to generally care about the career future of their employees.
Abililty to have high impact. Terrific benefits / compensation. Brilliant co-workers.
Google has a good reputation, so it looks good on a resume.
Great work environment, smart people, unlimited toys and food. Freedom, no nickle-and-dime mentality. Additionally, the word "Google" looks REALLY GOOD on a resume.
Brilliant employees that are remarkably able to solve complex problems, especially in engineering. Wonderful perks and healthy work / life balance.
amazing opportunities to educate yourself and deal with the leading edge issues of our time
i worked as a temp position for google and the only good thing was that the hours were consistent and the pay was decent.
Smart & motivated colleagues, challenging technical problems, working on things millions (and millions) of people use, good culture and company values.
Salary, diversity, job appreciation, culture, and lifestyle.
Great people, flexible work schedule, and great benefit.
All of the things you've already read about: Food, Dogs, 401k.  Looks great on a resume: When you're ready to move on in your career, having Google on your resume in any context almost guarantees an initial interview just because folks are curious about Google and why you would ever want to leave.
The food was great. The place was fun to work. The people are capable and smart.
Open environment Flexible work hours Good for your career development in the near future
Great perks, fun atmosphere, access to unlimited resources
Delicious, healthy gourmet meals - for free Intelligent, hard-working co-workers who are all such interesting people with incredible talents beyond their work Great balance - you can learn and play at work and mgmt supports this Lots of career opportunities Good resume builder
The people are the best reason to work here. I had yet to meet anyone that I would consider incompetent.
- Great array of internal learning resources. - Great internship program, a lot of interns for all over the world. - Great place to meet other smart people and make new friends. - Great food, and there are many fun events throughout the summer.
It has the most free and relaxing environment among IT companies. Let alone the competitive salary and yummy food.
Overall an ok place to work. Good food, smart co workers. Fairly interesting work, though not always. Upper management is very transparent and open.
highly recommended for college graduates. this is a place you got to work for.
* World-class, brilliant coworkers * Excellent benefits and physical environment * Above-average total compensation compared to other local companies * Some groups do very cutting-edge work
Having been at Google longer than 9 out of 10 employees, I still feel the business poses me with fresh challenges and terrific learning opportunities virtually every day. I have been able to pursue several distinct "mini-careers" at the company, with promotions and transfers available as I hit major project milestones. The career environment is ideal for someone who thrives on complexity, who takes initiative, and who communicates well and constantly with technical collaborators.  I feel that management empowers and facilitates individual contributors. You have a fantastic liberty here to challenge how things are done (whether bureaucratically, technically or in product design). Expect fast and constant change. You can step up and drive that change, too, if you have the chops -- the courage to express a coherent vision, and the stamina and depth of skill to follow through. A high impact project at Google can affect a global user base of hundreds of millions (or is it billions now?), and can shape the course and direction of whole industries. You can provide great benefit to users worldwide. The right answer to a search query can literally save a life, reorient a career, or enrich a relationship. And while search is critically important, we do so much more.  When it works, it is a total jazz. When it doesn't work, well, you fail fast and try something new. Everyone outside tends to ask, "What company will be the next Google?", but internally we remain quite ambitious: "My project at Google will be the next Google!"  The people here are great to work with. Passionate about ideas, compassionate toward others, with many innovative superstars, and a culture that celebrates diversity. Of course, there is some politics, human nature and fallibility -- as you will find anywhere -- but I find the overall environment positive and well intentioned.
I think most ppl r proud of working for Google. I was too...at least for the beginning of two months. So, I don't need to repeat the good things about working for Google here. But, remember, all the good things are mostly posted by "software engineers". They are like king of the world in Google versus operation engineers (including me) are like slavers of the king.
Total compensation is very good. Benefits are good, too. Free food, drinks, and stuff. Very flexible work environment. Flat hierarchy of management. Huge codebases to start with. Good for software engineers to develop skills. Good to put on resume.
workinng on new products with break thru in tech in all the areas of s/w dev in the feild of comp sc
There is no finer collection of engineering talent on the planet. Good perks, great free food. Fantastic talks from visiting speakers.
obvious perks like food, gym, celebrity visits/talks, laundry, dogs on campus, etc
Energetic, passionate talent pool, way above average perks & benefits, fair compensation for young workforce, Having bragging rights about working for the best place in the US
- great benefits and 401K match - great food - half-naked cuties play beach volleyball on campus - really intelligent coworkers - fascinating industry and company profile
People are smart and well-intentioned Gourmet food everyday, in lots of different cafes Countless opportunities to take on-campus classes Internally transparent company, even around product development
Good benefits Smart peers Great resume builder Relevant experience
1. Work with all kinds of smartest people in the world. 2. Good pay 3. Never get bored. 4. Free food~
-Challenging work everyday. -Great coworkers. -Great benifits. -Good pay. - Nice brand. You get a chance to change the world! - Its google!
Great and smart people to work with Good atmosphere Great perks
Google is a great place to work. Free meals, fun offsites, and hands off management.
You're working with top people in the world, the culture is very very relaxed, flex time, great benefits, free food.
Plenty of self-directed time and energy. Great visibility into several core tech markets. World class computing infrastructure.
free breakfast lunch, dinner, gym membership, social events, and shuttle to work smart and interesting co workers good name recognition
Open, creative atmosphere. Smart people to work with.
- awesome benefits - great 401k match - By far some of the smartest people - Work on interesting issues and projects - Great environment
- The smartest people I've ever worked with - Fantastic benefits and access to resources needed - Never stop learning from others - Open culture, people openly share knowledge, very few secrets relative to other companies
The culture - Google has an amazing culture and is a very engineering centric organization. They pretty much defined how the modern silicon valley company should look like and they still do it very well. The learning opportunities - It's possible to move easily between teams at Google and you can learn a lot of about a lot of things. The perks - Everyone's heard of the perks, and they are awesome. The food is great, the benefits are great, the salaries are competitive with bonuses and stock options.
The people are the best reason to work for Google. Everyone is smart and brings their A game. The team culture is great if that's how you like to work, but tough if not. It's a very collaborative environment. It's filled with smart people who have personality (at least in sales).  The food is outrageously good.
Perks, benefits, good name to have on your resume, exposure to cool tech.
- The environment is casual yet competitive. - You get an opportunity to work with smart people and work on great technology
Smart co-workers, free food, fun work atmosphere
Things move fast. People are competent and are among the best in their areas of expertise. There is a feeling of respect towards all the employees. The benefits are great. The hours are very reasonable.
great environment, recognition, felt great to work with genius
good company, nice coworkers, good food
People are smart and very friendly, the perks are unbeatable, the pay is fair for corporate world, and there are always new interesting things going on.
High salary, promissing company, work environment is good
The perks are just amazing. Their health plan is especially very generous. The people are incredibly smart and excited about their projects.
great place to work and co-workers friendly
Smart people, great infrastructure, cool products, vision clarity. Overal I was satisfied working in the company. People were always helpful and excited about talking on new things.
Great, engineer-driven company. Groups are all very autonomous, so individual engineers have a lot of control over direction of the group and responsibility for the success of the team. The company assumes you're going to be thinking about more than getting to your current milestone, and expects you to think big and aim for large goals.  I've found the other engineers sharper and more accomplished than anywhere else, everyone has shipped great things before, and they're eager to do it again. It's not surprising to be working with a 24 year old who sold a company, two senior engineers who were VPs at startups, and a well-known researcher in a particular area.
learning,networking,growth,money, perks and other benefits
people senior managment career progression pay hours learning curve market leader lots of opportunities to take on more responsibility fun atmosphere young
Decent Pay, Relaxed Atmosphere, good work mates good hours
- Lot of transparency for a company of its size - Super smart co-workers - Outstanding benefits, at least in the Mountain View office. - Innovation in several areas of technology. Not afraid to stand up to big telecom/government etc. in the interest of the common good.
The benefits are nice, though less extravagant in offices that don't have engineers. The people are for the most part bright, friendly, and really willing to help each other. The work is interesting and rarely boring.
Best food ever as well as a very helpful group of people to work with. They definitely care about how you feel at all times.
-Great food -Internal transparency when it comes to what projects are being worked on (not transparent on things like promotions) -Lots of stuff going on -Always changing -Fun people -Great location in NYC -Speakers and authors visit Google--great perk! -Concierge team helps arrange discounts, etc. -In-house massage (I will miss that!) -Good for the resume -Great place to meet future start-up partners. Cool techie environment. Learn the latest and greatest in the tech world as it develops.
+ Outstanding, A+ engineering talent + Founders really push teams to "think big" and change the world + Engineers have great freedom to choose what they work on + Eng SVP's great.. technically and as leaders.. love them all. + Great place for recent grads
Perks, lots of smart people to work with
Great work environment Willing to take risks Failure is not a problem, just don't fail over and over in the same way
My 2 main criteria for working at a company are 1. that there are smart people to work with and 2. that there are interesting things to work on. Google excels at both of these traits and I've been completely satisfied all of the years I've worked there. The free food and abundance of other benefits aren't so bad either.
Many smart people, very challenging problems, good perks, excellent benefits, very good free food, good cash bonuses and engineering ladder promotions for personal achievements
+Very collegial culture +Awesome perks +Great place to work if you find the right team/manager combination +Lots of flexibility in how you want to design your objectives and do your job
There are many things said about working for Google, so it makes no sense to reiterate them, but yes the perks are great and the compensation is competitive, and there are very few places that are that much fun to work at!  What makes working for Google special is the projects you're working on, instead of re-implementing old concepts you can spend your time on working on new concepts that haven't been done before, if you're passionate about changing the world this is the place to do it at.  And the people you work with are just as great, incredibly smart and motivated and a real pleasure and inspiration to work with.  In the end, isn't that what's most important? Feeling that you're making a difference and doing something useful, and doing it with people you enjoy working with.
what can you say...i luv it here...the food, the fun, the smarts, it's a great place to work and one that all my friends want to join
Free Food Perks (Massages, Onsite Laundry, Dry Cleaning Service) Bonus Plan/Compensation Annual Trips Flexibility to work from home Working with some of the smartest people in technology!!
- Great colleagues, very smart people
Yes, the food is great and the 401k match is amazing. The base compensation is not top of market. I'd say it's average at best, but what really makes up for it are the bonuses, bonus multipliers and stock grants, which you get EVERY YEAR. That's right, EVERY YEAR you get more shares, not options, shares of stock which are currently above $550 each. Bonus multipliers when the company does well are nice. Everyone in the company got a bonus last quarter just because the company beat its own expectations.  What has made Google really great are the brilliant minds that work there. Best machine learning people on the planet. Creator of the Python programming language. One of the authors of C. There are so many brilliant people at Google, and yet, the pecking order is pretty flat. When you start, you'll enter your Noogler class and be immediately overwhelmed since your class will have the top guys from Yahoo, IBM, Oracle and so forth with the same title as you - you'll wonder if you belong. Everybody you meet at Google will have been the best, most talented person at their previous organization. Somehow, Google has managed to preserve an open culture where people really aren't arrogant. I don't know where this "arrogant Google engineer" stereotype came from, because this is about as far from the truth as it gets. You will learn so many secrets it will blow your mind. The tools you have available are mind blowing. You get to dogfood and have your applications dogfooded internally long before they are released.  20% time exists! In reality it's never as sexy as working on Gmail, but if you have a passion, say, writing a MySQL client in Go, the new language Google released, go for it.  Google engineers can take time to attend classes to improve themselves. Google invests a lot of money in career development for their employees.  There's too much good stuff going on at Google to put down. I'm sure some of the other reviews will cover them.
(1) awesome technologiy (2) Wonderful coworkers (3) Very open and encouraging work environment (4) Last but certainly not least, the great food.
Great infrastructure, smart senior managers,great benefits
Great perks, good atmosphere, challenging problems, very employee friendly, peer driven reviews, good food, deadline driven, competitive compensation
Good name in your resume, but less opportunity since it is a huge companies now. Further, it is up to the team you are working on and the managers. The management structure is kind of mess. But it is full of tenants who you can learn from.
You will interact with one of the most brilliant computer science workers Free food, free beer, shuttles, opportunity to shake hands with Obama and all the glitz. Sunny state, beautiful campus, I even do my laundry there some days
-Free food is great -Great learning opportunity
Tons of career development, transparency, benefits, intelligent coworkers, exciting industry to be engaged in. Relaxed, casual and fun atmosphere. Lots of side projects that you can dip your toes in.
* Great Co-workers. My experience has been overwhelmingly positive in this area. My co-workers are smart, motivated, and trustworthy. I can count on them for design and execution. * Great products. Loving the product you work on is great motivation for getting up in the morning. * Engineer-oriented. Product managers for the most part do not call the shots. Engineering bears most of the responsibility for design, timelines, etc. * Flexible hours. Performance really is king, engineers have a lot of flexibility in deciding when to come in and leave. * Food. Delicious. * Idealism. "Don't be evil" isn't just some marketing ploy that insiders scoff at. There's a real culture of accountability. * Stability. I heard of no one in engineering that was worried about their job due to the global economic crisis. * Scale. You're probably working on something millions of people use. There's great job satisfaction in that.
*Perks *Brand Name on CV *Has long-term potential if it can become a real company and not a startup anymore *Some really smart people can be found
great benefits amazing people to work with wonderful work environment amazing food! innovative work environment
The benefits package is amazing, even if you're just a temp. Fun atmosphere, always a lot of perks, even if the job itself is boring. Coworkers tend to be friendly peers rather than smarmy corporate types, although there's a lot of corporate lingo around.
I worked here as a technical sourcer on a 1 year contract. Overall, the company is great - not much to complain about when you're getting fed 3 free awesome meals a day + unlimited sushi/smoothie/snacks inbetween. i loved how they allowed you to bring pet dogs to work. love the on site massage, oil changes, author talks, volleyball, etc.
-Lots of cool people -Lots of perks -Lots of respect from business schools/grad schools -Really chill place to work !
the perks ad name recognition are second to none
Excellent benefits Exciting company atmosphere. Who doesn't like working for a company that is frequently in media headlines Intelligent colleagues you can learn from
Management follows the model of the open source community, the attitude of everyone is very open. There are many well-known extras. You're working with people at the top of their game.
Good food, good perks, fun smart people.
Big problems, big resources, top-notch co-workers.
- Great perks, from free food from >10 cafes, gym, flexible timings - Amazing people to work with, some of the smartest people i know - Its Google! - Lots of opportunities to learn and increase your skill set
Google is a great place for a computer scientist. There are large problems that need to be solved at enormous scale. Engineers are treated with huge amounts of respect and are listened to in regard to improving productivity and removing redtape. Google has great benefits like free food. I've forgotten how to make my own lunch.
Code base. Data mining. Datacenters. Employee expertise. Openness. Food. flexibility Perks Global position
It is much easier to work at Google as a contractor. The interview process was compressed to one phone screen and a 3 one-hour interviews on-site. The team I worked with was very supportive, and gave us a lot of flexibility and discretion in how we completed the tasks.
- Smart people - Great technology - Engineering driven - Huge impact on the world - Profitable and financially stable - Perks
Was a remote job. All web based. Nice on the resume. Very few requirements other than languages speaking and search knowledge.
The many perks including free gourmet food, snacks galore, cultural events, speakers/authors, lots of smart people from all over the world to meet and work with. Many choices of projects to work on and relative freedom to do so. There is plenty of work to do here from improving existing systems and creating new products. Kid in a candy store if you are eager and driven to make things better. Wide range of technologies - handhelds, operating systems, HTML5, Linux, file systems, compilers.
Innovative products/projects, intelligent people, brand/company recognition, compensation
Highly recommend it! Entrusted with a lot of responsibility.
The swag, food, and pride of working for a profitable company are definitely worth the problems that the company faces.
The work and projects are very challenging, Google's products have wide visibility, great food and perks, and working for Google is great for your resume.  Google rewards their top performers well. Base salary tends to run at around the 50th percentile in the industry, but annual bonuses the last few years have been ~25% of salary (it's not uncommon for above average performers to receive bonuses of 25-35% of salary).  Google also matches 401K contributions up to $8,250 for U.S. workers. BTW, 401K matching is something I really wished Glassdoor keeps data on. When comparing overall compensation of two or more companies, you have to account for 401K matching.
There are few places where your work can have the same impact it will have at Google. Your products touch millions of people, and millions or billions in revenue.
- Good food - Good perk - Smart people - Fun culture - Good reputation. Great to have on a resume
Google has a bunch of smart people. Also, there is a strong culture from old-timers to question the status quo and make this drastically better. It's also great pedigree for a resume. Pay is pretty good compared to other companies, the perks too. The shuttle service is great if you live in SF.
Good perks. There's a lot of smart people that work here. If you're a geek like me, then you've found your home.
Google is like Disneyland for geeks. It's an incredibly great place to work: the food, the people, the projects, the opportunities...
Google has a tremendous brand equity, incredibly brilliant colleagues, and it has a culture that truly fosters innovation. The work environment is generally fun and challenging environment.
I like Google for it's transparent culture, free food and other perks (well, but those are baked in the total compensation package anyway).
Great place to work, cutting edge industry, excellent online marketing training
Smart co-workers Great food Interesting, high-impact projects Many learning opportunities High pay Good benefits 30 inch monitor Seemingly unlimited computing resources
I was amongst some of the most hard driven and motivated co-workers while at Google. I had very little to complain about, being surrounded by some of the brightest and most interesting people I have ever met. The team and the atmosphere made for a great work environment, the perks helped but it was more knowing you were all part of a team and accomplishing great things. Senior management wanted to help you and would give you the tools to succeed.
Smart people, interesting projects. I have never worked at a place where such open discussions are encouraged. Negative and positive feedback are equally welcomed.
The perks are great as you probably already know. Who can complain about free gourmet food and lots of freebies. But even over the last few years the company's growth has caused many of these once great perks to go downhill (but don't get me wrong the food is amazing). There are so many smart people at Google so if you want a place to learn and find out anything you've ever wanted to know, this is the place for you. People are typically very willing to give you a helping hand any time you have a question. Google also does wonders on your resume of course.
ITs a great place to work and expand your knowledge. You will love the people and location is great. Dont hesitate to apply
The food is great and Google offers learning opportunities and personal growth.
The perks at Google are really cool. The free food and Google wear are all good. But the recognition of working at a cool company is a reward itself too
Google is a place that respects their employees.
* Opportunity to work with the smartest people ever. Having collaborated (to varying degrees) with quite a few Googlers, I can certainly say Googlers are "la creme de la creme". * Not only they're smart, but they're dedicated 120% to their work. (The 20% is for the weekends...) "Great is not good enough" for each and every Googler. * Fantastic development tools (Code Search, the code review tool, the versioning tool, and N others), * Opportunity to work on products that will be used (directly or indirectly) by millions of people * Amazing code base, superbly structured, continuously optimized, all at your fingertips. * Free great food :-)
Overall good smart people working together in a very open atmosphere where information sharing is highly encouraged and easy to do. Very open communication from management compared to most companies. Best total compensation I've had at any company. Great fringe benefits like the free food, author talks, and political candidates dropping in.
Google offers a great environment where you are constantly challenged and pushed do to more with less. The people are brilliant and you can't beat the social environment and the perks. The culture is very open and transparent at all levels within the organization which is a lesson that other companies should learn from. The transparency truly creates an environment where everyone can share and learn.
Benefits of course. Free food, free transportation, gyms. The people are all great people to work with. They are people I would have chosen as friends - I just didn't have to look far for them.
- Perks - People - Opportunities
The perks, food and transportation being the main ones, but there are lots of things that make it a geek's paradise if you're into that sort of thing - games everywhere, free tickets and shuttles for some movies when they open (Transformers was one), etc. Let's face it, it looks good on your resume. The chance to meet some very bright and interesting people. There are so many opportunities to educate yourself about the world through your employer - everything from tech talks on a variety of technical topics to visits by politicians and public figures. It's cool to be on the inside and learn about new products everyone else will be talking about soon.
- good benefits & good salaries. Google treats its engineers very well, even in these economic times  - very smart people, world class engineers (quality varies from group to group, though) that make very fun co-workers whether to discuss life, politics, or engineering  - big impact. You know the stuff you build can affect, positively or negatively, millions of users
Your colleagues are smart, motivated, inventive, and helpful. If you work on the right teams, you can pick up a ton of useful knowledge in a short period of time from world-class experts. The company is attacking plenty of exciting technical problems: machine translation, huge distributed systems, creating smooth AJAX UIs, large-scale machine learning in search & ads, creating a mobile phone OS from the ground up. Again, depends on what team you're on, but there's no excuse to be bored with the technical challenges.  Parts of the company (e.g., Chrome, Android, mobile apps like Latitude) are blazing new ground and still feel like a start-up, in those areas, there are opportunities for entrepreneurial engineers to make a big impact (although this can be a struggle).  Food is excellent.
Great work environment. Especially software engineers are highly enabled and valued within the company. Many different products to work on. Lots of smart people. Great benefits and free food.
Great benefits, working at a company everyone respects and says "wow" to, getting to help build the products that really are changing the world. The hours are reasonable, you are treated as a human being and respected as an engineer, and the on-site breakfast lunch and dinner are unmatched anywhere. Luckily google makes their billions using only a small fraction of their total workforce, leaving lots of capital available to dedicate resources to other projects that aren't purely motivated by short-term profits (but rather those that help build press for the organization and are theoretically interesting and innovative at the same time). Tech-talks about a whole range of topics not strictly required for you to carry out your job responsibilities but just for your general education are a huge plus. Google employs some of the most innovative thinkers and builders of our time.
the food is really amazing. i love this place. PIC and Lunchbox are the best cafes at the crittenden campus. a a a a a a a a a a a a a.
It's a company with a conscience, and the dilbert-esque moments are rarer than at other companies. Plus the food is *amazing* (at least in the larger offices)
They have amazing benefits and perks. The culture in some offices is very positive and fun. They allow honor system style time off for sickness as long as it is not abused. They have a large pool of talent and they look great on a resume.
Culture - there really are amazing people working at Google and the culture seems to have been deliberately created to make a stimulating, team-oriented environment.  Benefits - the benefits are top notch from free meals, to stocked up snack rooms, to excellent 401k matching and flexibility as far as work-life balance. As the company's matured over the last few years, some of the more extravagant things are getting cut out however.
Google is leader on web search and has the best web search infrastructure. It is convenient for engineers to work on a single company-wide code base with same coding standard. Company reissues employee stock option to $308 recently. Bigger percentage of annual bonus compare to other companies I know of, $8000 per year 401k match, free meal and other perks. Company has the perception of being an innovative company. Friday TGIF with beer and wine. Engineers’ qualities are general fine. Many satellite offices so people don’t always have to relocate. For the first one or two years, you will be excited to explore the infrastructures, tools, systems and dream about a career path.
I worked doing QA for Google in a part-time telecommuting position. It was great because the work was interesting and I could work the hours I chose, any time of the day or night. Because I was strictly a telecommuter, I had no added expenses for gas or business work clothing.
You work with really smart and down-to-earth technical people on projects that have direct and visible impact to the world.
Good coworkers, sane management by and large.
The People. The reason Google is such a great place to work at is because of the people. There are very few places in the professional world where you'll work with people who are all bright, educated, and passionate.
Super smart people. Awesome benefits. Great culture. Massive resources and infrastructure. Having worked at Microsoft and other tech companies, I can say this is the best place I've worked at ever. The relative lack of red tape and ability for small groups of people to make things happen without dealing with too many execs.
Smart people, challenging problems, large impact. Compensation and benefits are very good. Internal tools and systems are also very good.
alot of smart people. Every person I meet in google is smart. Lots of perks. Basically everything you need to live at google (which can be a bad thing).
Working on world-class problems can be incredibly rewarding. The staff is incredibly intelligent and you'll find yourself learning a lot. Even though perks are being cut back, they are still much better than others. Middle managers don't micromanage, so you get to work mostly on your own. This may be a negative or positive, depending on your attitude to work.
Low risk work place and leader in the space. CEO is one of the best and well respected. Great place to start right out of school.
food and people are great
environment is good, colleagues are great
This is a casual and smart environment, with a lot of great benefits. There is never an opportunity to be bored, and the company seems to encourage long hours by providing a great workplace with gaming rooms and napping areas, as well as gourmet meals thrice daily.
The people are the best!
Google is where you can put your academic toy grad school projects behind you and build real systems with serious resources behind them. You work with really sharp coworkers on projects that can impact millions of people all over the world. If you're self-directed and curious, you'll find no end of interesting problems to work on. Compensation seems reasonably aggressive in rewarding high performers.
My time at Google was one of the most positive experiences I've had in my career. I was with the company at a time of rapid growth, and the skills I developed in that fast-paced environment are skills that I'll carry with me for the rest of my life. The people that I worked with at Google are some of the brightest and talented individuals I have had the pleasure to meet. I had heard that the compensation and benefit package they offer their employee's was legendary, and when I joined the company it didn't disappoint. Google is doing some very cool things, and will have an immense impact on all of our daily lives for many years to come. They truly are changing the world.
Working with and learning from some of the most brilliant engineers in your field. Tech talks, visiting speakers, classes, etc. give you lots of opportunities to learn about a myriad of subjects. Working on some of the most interesting and innovative projects in the world. Excellent senior management.
Google is a great place to work if you want to be surrounded by smart and talented people. Employees have a lot of freedom, and the benefits are great. There's free food , free laundry, and even a gym. Your coworkers will be very intelligent. You are also given good training and the schedule is flexible.  The pay is also very good.
Challenging work, perks, enlightened senior management
Awesome environment with smart people. Love the campus, the free food, the gym, the bikes, the perks, the massage, the 401k match, the shuttle service, etc... Love the tech talks, author series, children's center. Openness and transparency with the management team is very useful to understand what's going on with the company. Lots of exciting products are being developed and Google is leading the way in which the internet, collaboration, and mobile applications are being used. The Children's Center is an awesome place for the kids and the majority of teachers are very experienced and knowledgeable about how kids learn and develop.
The people. Internal opportunities to advance. Flexibility.
The very best reason to work at Google can be summed up in one word: culture. Since that is a rather vague term, let me elaborate. Google has established and continues to nurture a culture that fosters, high levels of both work satisfaction and contribution from its employees. It does this by recognizing the potential in all employees via established work policies, rather than just through lip service, like many companies. Following are some concrete examples of this:  Promotion and work performances is entirely reliant on peer reviews. In other words, to get ahead at Google and to get a positive performance review, you must get positive reviews from your fellow co-workers. Your manager might love you, but if your co-workers don't like you, you have some work to do. Managers are also required to seek peer review from those they manage. (I have never seen this before in my career.) Senior level employees from other fields are also encouraged to seek peer reviews from people in other departments. For example, engineers need reviews from people other than engineers in order to advance. For this reason, a culture of cooperation is endemic at Google. This is great because the percentage of "cowboys" that seems common at other high tech companies is quite low at Google. It also fosters an awareness of the type of contribution made by people outside your department, since everyone reviews people in other fields, and therefore must learn a bit about what others do outside their sphere.  Career tracks fall into either management or individual contributor. This is great for people who might want to try management but later decide that they perform best as an individual contributor, or who just want to take a break from management for a while. In addition, it's not too difficult to switch between tracks. Finally, managers and team leads are also encouraged to solicit leadership-level contribution from the reportees, as a way to encourage career growth and to share the load, so to speak. This whole mechanism results in a very strong sense of independence and high-level of function from everyone, because if there is a problem that you think should be fixed, you can fix it and get genuine recognition for it, both from peers and managers.  You are required to keep a work log, as a means for you to accurately report on your contributions and as a source for your own assessment and of others' assessment of you. In addition, there are other assessment tools that are big part of Google work life, designed to keep you mindful of your work contribution and to help you and others write performance reviews. This sort of sounds tough, but the end result is that you can work to your best and not have to worry about mis-perceptions of your performance: you've written it down. Additionally, if you are spending a LOT of time working on tasks not related to your main project, your log is a way for you to work with your manager in order to change unnecessary demands on your time. I would say that this practice exemplifies one portion of the transparency that is so pervasive at Google.  Ideas and contributions from employees are highly encouraged. This results in some great products for the company, like AdWords, which was an idea from an early Google engineer, and Gmail, which was a 20% project. Googlers also gain a lot of company and community recognition for extra efforts/contributions that they feel passionate about, and this only adds to the environment for everyone. As another example, some employees at Google Mountain View worked hard to create alternative means of fresh drinking water for employees, rather than having the company stock water bottles (which contribute tremendously to landfill waste). This was a big effort. Now we have filtered water stations all over the place--it's not directly tied to "search" but it contributed to the company mission to "do no evil" and it added to the green image of the company.  I could go on and on about culture at Google, and I've only scratched the surface, but hopefullly this conveys a sense of what I mean by "culture" at Google and how important this element is to a great working environment.
work with smart people in IT
Great working environment. Meeting innovative engineers
The quality of coworkers is outstanding, though declining over time as we hire more and more MBAs with plain and boring backgrounds.  The perks in terms of facilities are still quite amazing. You can't beat the lunches in Mountain View, the clear weather, and the energy if you're on the main campus (bldg 40-43).  If you're on a key team, there's also ample opportunity to jet around the world and work at your own pace doing things you love.
When compared to most companies, Google still delivers on the hype. The benefits (food, 401K, parties, etc) are still outstanding even as the try to cut costs. The culture is still entrepreneurial with a lot of change and innovation being driven from the bottom-up and raised to management at the national level. The brand is unparalleled in the advertising, online media and technology fields and is a brand that opens doors in almost all industries. Although Google is certainly experiencing growing pains as it transitions to a large company and tries to branch out from AdWords, it still earns its reputation as a great place to work.
The food is great! The people are smart. There aren't a lot of stupid rules. You can wear what you want, come in when you want, hang out with really great people.
Forget all of the fringe crap like snacks, cafes, massages, etc. That stuff is easy come-easy go (as 2008 has shown), and once the novelty wears off, it doesn't really affect your life much. There are better reasons:  Overall quality of employees is the highest I have ever seen. You won't find yourself having to dumb down your project so that the rest of the team can contribute. Google's size and wealth give you the opportunity to work on global-scale engineering problems that few other companies have.  It's nice to work for a company that at least makes a pretense of not being evil.
Amazing people and technical challenges are two of the best reasons to work at Google. I am always astounded at the people that I work with, and the technology that I play with.
The hours are extremely flexible and work is completely online. This job was great because I did not have to spend any money on clothing, food or transportation. The pay is much higher than other online jobs and the work is comparable. Google is a great company and is a company that you can be proud to work for.
A very dynamic place. There was always something going on and they really did try to take care of you.
Lots of smart people. Team atmosphere where it seems like most people are making a difference. Unusual perks that lead to being a member of a family, a team.
From the moment the opportunity arose, I was thrilled to be a part of the elusive Google empire - all those free meals, riding scooters in the halls, the brightly colored offices, gym classes and casual culture. I was very proud to work for such a respected, prestigious organization - it reflects how people think of you and that never gets old...I'll never forget after telling a new friend I worked for Google he remarked "well you must be someone pretty special to be working there..." And I was!
The culture, the perks, the brilliance of the people around you. Google gets a glowing reputation, and much of it is justified: yes, there are massage chairs, aquaria, nap pods and free food everywhere. It has an enlightened, "Star Trek" sort of feeling with regards to money and advancement: people are expected to be happy working hard on the things they love without regard to title or compensation.
Incredible educational opportunities, regular tech talks and other information sessions. Colleagues are some of the brightest people around. There's also a certain prestige attached with working at Google and you may find your next job easier to get just having had worked there, although the culture makes it such that people straight out of college never want to leave since the perks are so good and they are pampered.
1) Bright, motivated colleagues. Willingness to change and try new things. Low barriers to trying new methods. 2) Ave to High Total Compensation, particularly when benchmarked against competitors like msft, cisco, etc. (base+ind bonus_+ co bonus). Low base, balanced by other compensation. 3) Collaborative and at least, striving to be ethical, culture 4) Great perks, free gormet food, low cost massage, excellent heathcare, top 401k match, guest speakers
-- Google employees are very bright (all have Ivy Educations) and enjoy coming to work everyday. The general sense that I get from talking to other employees is that we all feel that we are making the world a better place.
Great benefits, stellar engineers, the ability to work on large, interesting problems. Company has large and usually positive effects on the world.
hip, people are easy going and the campus is pretty cool
It's a fast-paced environment where employees have a good deal of flexibility on projects they want to work on. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. It seemed like there was a good work-life balance throughout the organization. One thing that was clear was that senior management significantly valued their employees and took every step to take care of them. For example, there were free breakfasts, lunches, and dinners. During the summer, we were taken on a beach trip to Santa Cruz. Overall, it was a fun work environment.
Google was founded based on the ideals of having a comfortable work environment, and it shows. Free food and tons and tons of benefits are available. Other examples include free bikes, on-site gyms and massages, free shuttle busses around the bay area, and even free co-op cars for employees who bike to work.  Aside from the benefits, the people at Google are also what makes it stand out: you'll constantly be in close proximity to some of the smartest people (albeit some are weird) around. Of course since there are so many projects, the work quality can vary, but I was extremely happy with my assigned work when I was there as an Intern.
the perks are the reason to work at google. the food, the shuttle, the casual culture, working from home, massages, etc.  Typical PMM roles include:  Product launch marketing: You'll ensure that all stakeholders (such as customers and the sales team) are informed about product and feature launches. You'll conduct market research, write communications, and do release planning with engineering, product management, and the sales organization.  Field marketing: You'll devise marketing strategy and provide up-to-date market research to enable a true consultative selling approach for the field sales organization. This involves a lot of interaction with the sales and product management team, creative use and presentation of market research, and the ability to create true marketing solutions for customers.  Consumer product marketing: Working with one of our portfolio of consumer products (such as Froogle or Gmail), you'll devise a plan to improve customer satisfaction or increase customer acquisition. This involves significant amounts of market research, product-usage analyses, positioning, and customer segmentation.
Great culture, speakers always come to give great lectures on everything from molecular science to political science. The food is very very good, as are the snacks. I'm sure it doesn't hurt on your resume either. In addition, the management generally does care about your personal life...this is not a company that forces you to work 24/7.
One of the best reasons to work for Google is the educational opportunities it provides. On any given day, there are multiple educational events happening on campus (tech talks, author talks, poltical appearances, job-related educational seminars, etc.), and many attend while simultaneously working on their laptops. Benefits (insurance, food, on-site services) are excellent, and campus-sponsored events (holiday parties, wine tastings) are added bonuses.
By far the top reason is working with smart, competent people and the opportunity to have a big positive impact on the world. The resources and infrastructure are very nice as well.  In general, Google is an engineering-centric company, and it is a great place to be a software engineer.
- Great technical talent - Great software engineering practices - Outstanding benefits - Lot of visibility into the inner workings of the company
It looks good on your resume. Additionally, everybody you speak with will recognize the company you work for, as it certainly has good name recognition. There are a lot of learning opportunities, and very intelligent people to learn from beyond the provided courses. Taking advantage of all of these resources is what makes working for this company worth doing, at least for a period of time.
yes most of the people who wanted to work at Google would think about all the perks they will get and yeah that's right. Google's benefits are pretty much the best so far I've ever recieved i.e. insurance, massage, food, etc. The people here are ones of the smartest people I've worked. Google has great products that everyone really enjoys to use.
Everyone knows they have great benefits, but apart from that they also have an amazing amount of resources, excellent process guidelines, and great information sources to improve in your work. The people are really talented, and most are willing to help you. If you land in a good group you'll have a dream job. If not, you'll be stuck in a regular job, but it will still have a lot of great things attached to it, so how is it worse or different than other jobs? The food is as great or better than what people say about it. The weather in Mountain View also helps.
Interesting, challenging work for something I care about.
Great people to work with. interesting problems to solve. I have met some many Googlers with a wide range of interests. People are very creative, driven and have a desire to change the world.
The food and the gym, the perks of valet parking, commuter services, taking your dog to work, oil changes while you work, hair cuts, dental appt., doctor appts, they really do a great job of making sure you are physically taken care of at work
Google is a great work environment. Of course, the food is wonderful. In addition, it is such a good opportunity to work with really talented people on interesting and difficult problems. There are team opportunities but also space for individual work. You can't beat the resources and access to data. There are many opportunities to build on work that others have done in order to enhance one's own work. Overall, a very interesting and exciting place to work.
Google is known the world over. It's probably the greatest spring board to your next big career. It's hiring screens are legendary - if you've once worked at Google, its known that you've passed muster at one of the most prestigious companies to work for.
Good working environment, good hours, great people.
Food, message, offsites, endless perks. Great coworkers, interesting products and technologies.
1. Very smart and rational co-workers/managers, most of them (even the superstars) down-to-earth and approachable. 2. Good salary and some benefits (e.g., food/drinks/outings/events), even for interns. 3. The general atmosphere is very vibrant, morale is very upbeat, and both of these contribute to productivity for sure. 4. The ability to make an impact is incredible - there is already a powerful platform with wide reach, so you are sure to have your work get a "first look", sustained interest depends upon the usefulness of the contribution though. 5. Especially for interns, it is a great feeling to have your opinions heard and respected, even on critical long-term projects. 6. Diverse engineering crowd, unlike other tech. companies like Cisco and Microsoft which are Asian/Indian heavy - this is good or bad depending on your preference.
flexible time to work and perks
Google offers a very goal-oriented and challenging work environment. The Google name on the resume opens up many doors in the software industry.  I grew as a programmer at Google. The scale of the development work is virtually unmatched in the industry and that needs out-of-the box thinking.  The best part of the job was working with so many smart people. I learned more from my colleagues than I did in college.  I also loved free food:) The informal work culture at Google is something I truly enjoyed.
Free Food, shuttle, smart prople, other perks.
Google encompasses the dot com environment. The culture is very laid back. The perks such as free meals and snacks is nice, bringing my dog into the office is also nice. The work outings are good as well. And you get to work with some cutting-edge technology. There are a lot of bright people in the company that you can learn a lot from. It feels like working a summer job all year long.
Google has great respect for its employees and users, while the company makes a great deal of money, most of the people who build the products that people use on a daily basis concentrate much more (much more) on how to do something great and how to provide a service to the world. Google is internally transparent, a responsible citizen, and full of wonderfully talented people and great potential. Google employees offer innumerable benefits to one another, too, with free yoga, art classes, general interest classes, etc. being run constantly. Plus, the food and massage are fantastic.
Simple a great place to work. There are plenty of videos and articles about how Google is the best place to work, and it's all true.
-Benefits (medical, subsidized massage, food) -People (bright, high achievers) -Cool products that employees use and love -Frequent performance feedback (ratings given every quarter, 360 feedback twice a year) -Employee morale varies across teams. Has gotten lower as the company is growing older
Some very smart people and good benefits. All the free food and subsidized massages are good.
The people, the atmosphere, and the food. All 3 of these are unlikely to be duplicated anywhere else. It is an extremely jovial and cooperative atmosphere where there are bound to be experts in any topic you may want to know about. The food is awesome as well, but this is well known.
I have never met so many brilliant people at one company ever. I have worked for 8 years in industry now. Seriously, there is not a single dumb employee.  -- Perks Google is the best company I have worked for as far as perks are concerned. Name a perk and Google will beat its rival. Food? Massage? Shuttle service? Nap room ? Doctor? Offsites? Beer on campus? What else?
Google continues to be a leader and innovator, even having become public and hit the 10 year mark. Even though the company has gotten bigger and progressively more bureaucratic (perhaps unavoidable considering its growth), I do think that at heart they really want to continue to push the envelope.  My fellow Google employees were among the smartest and most creative people I've worked with. Probably some of the most enthusiastic too.  Google has a lot of money, and they are able to provide their employees with a lot of perks and benefits that other companies can't afford. Also very philanthropic. (Again, they have the money, so they can afford to be.) They are extremely forward thinking, in terms of trying projects that don't directly relate to business.  It's cool to try out new products that become part of your everyday life. GMail and Google Docs among my favorites.
freedom to do things you really interested: in addition to 20% time, it is also easy to change projects, and there is no manager 'manage' you all the time, you are on your own most of the time. good salary, bonus and benefits * great coworkers: very smart and nice people, and you can learn a lot from them. * You can sense that the management really want to treat the employees well, their target is to build a great company and serve the world, not just for profit
brand recognition, benefits, entereneurship opportunities
First and foremost, smart people. Overall I'm very impressed with the level of intelligence of just about everybody I worked with.  Second, huge datasets, huge scale, huge opportunities. Google is the place to be for working at scale, period. The tools are great and there are limitless computing resources.  Other stuff - it's still a fun environment, flexible work hours, flexible about projects to work on.
There's a ton of engineering resources, and everything is pretty open and transparent within the company. Lots of on the job perks, and there are really cool projects all over the company to spend time on.
Smart creative dedicated colleagues, exciting and innovative work environment, open and frequent communications at every level, excellent compensation
The food, the smart co-workers, the overall benefits package.
You'll work with some of the smartest and most accomplished people in the industry. People truly believe they can change the way things are done. The ability to have your products make a huge impact on the industry. Constant innovation and change is part of the culture.
Great People, great technology! You work with the best people in the industry and work in some fascinating technologies. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our search engine and tools serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, the diversity of perspectives, ideas, and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. The diversity of our employees and partners serves as the foundation for us to better serve our diverse customers and stakeholders all over the world.
great coworkers, fun and interesting projects, perks and benefits, potential to have a positive effect on many users
Google has plenty of talented engineers, impressive computational infrastructure and resources, and the culture to build products that make big impacts. Working for Google is an ideal start point of young engineers or new graduates. There are plenty of challenging problems to solve, and you have the flexibility to choose the projects that interest you most. I am not saying that you can give up the current project at any time. it is responsible to finish the projects that started, but you are encouraged to switch projects every 1 to 2 years, or at least, you can do the "fun" things with your 20% time.
Amazing resources available onsite. All the perks really are amazing as they say. not only is the food amazing but they also have haircuts, car washes, massages, social events, and more all available without leaving the campus. The people also are really smart and amazing. My group would go to snack (a free warm snack at 3 PM) and do brain teasers/philosophy puzzles.
The Food! Lots of events happening on a daily basis that allow you to disconnect from work. A younger demographic that's great for singles or folks who like to make close friends with their coworkers. You can come up with and run with any ideas you think are worthwhile. Not a huge amount of red tape to change process. Very easy to get international exposure because of Google's large reach across the globe.
You'll have a chance to work with a lot of talent ppl
The free food is good and better than what you have heard. It really rocks and I will really miss it. Also the co-workers I met were one of the brightest people (in software) around and it was charm to actually work and see what good coding is really all about. And its not just some stars - there are actually people who are really good and work together and the team as a whole contributes a lot towards the success of a product. Further the software infrastructure is the best among all the places I have seen and I have seen the better ones.
free food, for someone coming out of college, could be quite an incentive. not too many meetings, can get things done.
The prestige. What can I say--it's kinda cool the reaction it stirs when you tell people you work for Google. It's like that first time you used it, and got just the right result on the first try--very satisfying. Free food. It's great not to have to worry about feeding yourself, and the food and snacks are fantastic in New York. Smart people. If you're on the product/engineering side of things you'll work with some of the sharpest people in the industry. Most have stellar academic records and are just plain brilliant. If you're on the sales side, it's a different story, not that there are not plenty of bright, talented sales people. It's just a different kind of intelligence and not as prevalent. Cool products. It's awesome to watch the new products roll out, and to test them while they're in development.
Responsibility and ability to make impact early in one's career
Perks are phenomenal! Projects are extremely high impact. The company trusts engineers to "do the right thing" and prefers to give engineers information so they can make decisions instead of hording information to make the decisions themselves. Engineers get all the best tools (Big monitors, lots of computing resources) and don't have much red-tape getting normal stuff done.
Good compensation, great benefits, great culture. Also, the fact that after working with Google, you can basically pick where you want to work next. Working on new and exciting projects (Android, etc.). Learning from the best is a great way to enhance your skills and develop professionally.
Competent people. Enough resources to succeed. You have the chance to build products that millions of people will use, rather than worrying if you will be able to build something that anyone gets used. Management is generally in touch and cares--their opinions are sometimes wacky, but the fact that they know about every project and aren't being bamboozled by middle managers is a huge win as compared to most tech companies this size.
Free breakfast, lunch and dinner. Google is not a conventional company, and we don’t intend to become one. True, we share attributes with the world’s most successful organizations – a focus on innovation and smart business practices comes to mind – but even as we continue to grow, we’re committed to retaining a small-company feel. At Google, we know that every employee has something important to say, and that every employee is integral to our success. We provide individually-tailored compensation packages that can be comprised of competitive salary, bonus, and equity components, along with the opportunity to earn further financial bonuses and rewards.
Cutting-edge technology, famous brand, good food. The good weather here in mountain view, ca is also a good reason. If you are tired with the free food here, go get some decent dinners in the Castro street nearby. You can also learn a lot from tech talks, open days, the moma, and the code tree itself. Google's code base may not be the biggest, but its quality is the best in the world.
It was a great place to be working for straight out of college. When you start work there they really take the time to make sure that you're trained properly so that you don't feel like a fish out of water like at other companies. Benefits can't be beat. Besides the free lunches, fantastic 401k, etc, you get large bonuses fairly often. Co-workers were intelligent and great to work with for the most part. I also had a great relationship with my manager and thought I was treated fairly, but it can vary widely at Google. All in all, there's few better places to start off for a young college grad.
great perks.. the food at the cafeteria kept me up all night long the best and brightest engineers. Most people I am working with are very well-rounded, I feel I could learn a lot from most of them. I can contribute to products which are used by millions of people every day. I enjoy analyzing challenging problems and finding a cost effective solution. Flexible hours and relaxing working environments (including all the perks such as free meals.
The projects are interesting. There are interesting data sets to explore. There are cool tools to use, along with infrastructure for puttnig together new tools. The people are great--when you meet a "dud" at Google, it tends to stick in your memory since the duds are so rare. It's satisfying to work on a service that's helped so many people. The food is great, chefs are treated like rock stars and rightly so. The company has income, this is a pleasant change after working at other software development companies.
extraordinary co-employees, some of the most brilliant people on the planet. knowledge is enormous all around you. embraces a keep it simple philosophy in making products instead of a bloated overloaded features product.
It's a great place to work as a programmer. The tasks we work on are mostly interesting and challenging, and the breadth at which your work will be applied is nearly unparalleled, certainly in the online business. The people are fun and smart.
the benefits, especially the food and fluid hours, are great. so is the fact that everyone around you is incredibly smart.
Thanks for setting up this site Glassdoor.  Google is an industry leader in many endeavors and often finds itself listened to by competitors and partners alike. I hope that does not come off as overly confident, it's a wonderful place to work. Our management and product teams are thoughtful about all of our projects.  Google enjoys a solid reputation among consumers, something that is difficult to achieve, and we lead the internet industry in consumer satisfaction. It makes me proud to say I work for a company that is so highly regarded by our partners, competitors and the general public.  We are a company that provides innovative answers to today and tomorrow's questions. Our technology is more powerful than our competition and we continue to add new services to our already robust product suite. We leave the end users satisfied and our partners happy that we're looking out for their best interests.  There are other great reasons to work for Google, yes there is free lunch but that is just one piece to the puzzle. It's generally the overall trust that the company has in it's employees and the respect that the employees show for the company. Management has decided not to put a cap on sick days and trusts that employees want to come to work, which we do. We want to work on the products that will change the way that people access and consume information. We want to speak to clients, collaborate with them and work with them to change the world... that's the attitude I have going into work every day for the last three years and that's a really good feeling. The best part is, Google is enabling this attitude.
Great, intelligent people. Lots of opportunities to work on project..and definitely the work life balance.
You interact with great developers, original thinkers and interesting people all the time. Unlimited munchies are great, three free meals a day (or two in satellite offices) is great, medical benefits, partial subsidy of fitness membership, subsidy for ongoing education (though in reality you are unlikely to have time to use it) are all pluses. Being on the winning team feels good, especially when winning an uphill battle against an entrenched monopolist.
The quality of coworkers is pretty high, nearly everyone is pretty bright and fairly creative. The company is very flexible with its employees -- work matters more than hours and location. There are a number of interesting classes of problems to work on that are difficult to find elsewhere [large scale distributed systems, storage infrastructure, etc]. The potential impact of your work is huge.
the benefits, especially the food and fluid hours, are great. so is the fact that everyone around you is incredibly smart.
The work is really challenging and interesting with a high level of independence and self direction. It's a great place for those with the drive and initiative to succeed. Employees are treated very well and the benefits are great. Managers are pretty good at encouraging work life balance and I'm often told to get out of the office if I'm there too late. And of course, the free food is delicious.
Working on the most important website on the Internet.
Good Benefits and Smart People
Great people, great company culture, looked forward to going to work everyday (unbelievable, I know, but it's true).
My colleagues are great. I've never worked with such a smart group of accomplished people. The perks and food are also very compelling. The technology, rate of innovation and generally positive energy is also very high.
Great pay, work whenever convenient for you. The free food is simply amazing. Lots of perks like massages, micro kitchens, tech talks. The tech stops and hardware depots are great assets, you can go pick up headphones or a new keyboard and mouse for office use. The work place is very open, interaction with other employees is very easy. It is filled with very intelligent and fun people. The company is very open, you can ask questions directly to the CEO or Founders during TGIF question and answer sessions. Interns don't get nearly as much perks and benefits as full time employees, but that's expected. Google probably has one of the highest pays for interns. It is definitely one of the best places to work at.
more freedom, relevantly less bureaucracy and harassment compare to similar size company. open access to code base, design documents cross all projects. energetic and talented engineers. free meal are very convenient. flexible working hours. core search and ads system have solid code base. solid infrastructures like mapreduce, bigtable, GFS, RPC etc are interesting to build application on. LSE are still positive models for the whole company. distributed offices offer working opportunities for people around the word. MTV main campus is dynamic and vibrate. company still attracts fresh high quality new graduates from top universities. politics is not a huge problem yet.
1. The people - some of the best and brightest people I've ever met. Young, energetic, and creative people make work enjoyable, and interesting. We've got our share of former Olympic athletes, mad scientist engineers, etc.  2. The work - We're the market leaders in so many different spaces, and it's exciting to be on the cutting edge. You get to work on things that might just change the game, and that's exhilarating.  3. It's Google!
The developers I work with at Google are the smartest I've ever been around, and as a result, I've improved my own skills more in my 9 months at Google than in both of my previous jobs. The development process runs extremely smoothly, and management doesn't get in the engineers' way of creating great software. We get the best hardware to do our work on, and the non-work-related perks are wonderful... free food, great health benefits, the list goes on!
Almost all engineers at Google are extremely talented and a pleasure to work work. There are plenty of opportunities to work on challenging problems. The hardware and resources you can apply to those problems are unmatched anywhere else in the industry. Senior Google engineers get a lot of freedom in choosing what to work on and how to work on it, managers provide leadership and overall direction but micromanagement and design by committee is strongly discouraged. The perks are great too.
great company that treats people incredibly well by and large. The quality of people you work with day to day is just incredible -- everyone you deal with is smart, competent, has some unique skill, and brings a lot of energy to the place. I believe in what the company is doing -- yes we want to be a successful business, but we really do try to make a better consumer experience in everything we do too.  I'm stunned by the openness of the company -- good news and bad news is spread wide through various means.  I really feel extremely lucky to be at Google, as silly as that sounds. I think it's gonna be hard to work anywhere else now.
You work with the best and socialize with the best so when you leave you are now ready to start something really amazing with the best.
Smart people, great benefits, company has a can do attitude. The company truly tries to do no evil seen it from the inside. Absolutely the best perks one can imagine. In house doctors, free food (really gourmet food), great technology and truly encourages innovation. People are in general respectful and work well together.
Bright interesting coworkers, the opportunity to take on lots of responsibility and potentially be responsible for large numbers of users or dollars very quickly, free food, health benefits. There are incredible outside speakers who come (Obama, Hillary Clinton). You'll probably only be able to see them on video unless you devote hours of your workday to waiting in line to see them in person, but it's still live and pretty darn cool!  I work in Online Sales and Operations, where pretty much everyone gets a weekly one-on-one meeting with their manager. That is one upside to working in the sales organization as opposed to some other areas of the company. Many engineers have limited facetime with their manager.
Working with talented, driven people who I can learn from every day Working in a place where I feel I'm making a difference. Working in a place where I feel I can express myself Great for the resume. I feel the experience I've had here will be valuable in the future I have had a string of excellent managers I get to say that I work for one of the most influential companies of our time.
The best reasons to work at Google are: 1) You want to make a difference in the world, 2) You love a fast paced environment, 3) You love technology, and would kill to be one of the first to see and play with it.  Yes, the perks are great but at the end of the day if your work impacts billions of people in a positive way, it all pays for any of the free gourmet lunches.  Work at Google and be the envy of all your Friends.
Challenging, rewarding work found nowhere else. Without going into detail, Google offers problems found nowhere else in the computer industry, in many different areas. It's also pretty easy to move from one job to another if you find you're not satisfied with what you're doing.
Higher total compensation than competitors - competitive salaries are augmented by large cash bonuses, equity awards, 401k matching, commuter benefits, and incredible on-campus perks, such as free meals and massages, but also including so much more.  Incredibly bright coworkers. Famous computer scientists from all over the world are working in small teams at Google and the average engineer is able to approach any one of them.  Very thorough annual 360 degree feedback and promotion committees to decide promotions allow individuals to succeed even if there is a disagreement with their direct manager.
Great people. Great food. Total innovation! I love working at a company that has so many cool projects. A true technology company that is building new technologies to give everyone in the world internet access.  Most impressive management team I've ever worked with. The management team including founders and CEO are aware and care about everything that is going on within the company. They are willing to take risks that keep things interesting.
Google is the closest thing to a pure meritocracy that I've seen in this industry, and I've been in the industry a fair bit longer than most Googlers. It doesn't matter what your degree is in or how long you've been at the company -- if you get stuff done and do it well you'll be treated well. And, of course, the coworkers are luminaries, but they tend (in my experience) to be accepting of newcomers without the same background. I've had no trouble digging my fingers into topics from machine learning to the Java virtual machine, learning all the while. The company has some communication silos due to its size, but the walls aren't solid -- I routinely hack on other peoples' code, and they hack back. It's all very open.  They really pull out all the stops to make sure engineers can do their job, whether you need a second workstation, a thousand more machines in a datacenter, or scones. Information flow within the company is still quite free, particularly compared to Microsoft or Apple.  Managers I've interacted with are sharp and encourage good work-life balance, reminding employees to take time off and guarding against burnout. My managers have constantly communicated their expectations and our performance, and have actively worked to help me in my career development and promotions -- or, when a project slips off track, to understand why and help.  And, finally, I think Google's pay is pretty darn good. Microsoft recruiters assure me that it's 30% lower, but I've got friends at MS and those numbers just don't add up. This site should do a good job showing the true situation (and the resulting competition will help us all!).
* Working on cool technology * Pushing the envelope * Good work life balance as long as you keep your head on your shoulders * Freedom to do amazing things
Getting a chance to work on the world's largest distributed system. Obviously the company is very focused on employee satisfaction. It's a total geek paradise, with everyone trying to out geek each other.
The best reason to work at Google are the benefits. First of all, we receive three delicious meals a day! Secondly, Google goes out of their way to make it a fun place to work. From the beach volleyball court to the swimming pool, there is always something fun going on. I also enjoy the autonomy that engineers receive.
The company is clearly at the leading edge of the new technologies that will define the high tech industry for the forseeable future.
You get to work on some of the biggest clusters in the world on some very hard and interesting problems. The people are generally above average and you always have to work to make sure you're doing better. For the most part its a very strong meritocracy.
You get to work with many smart and skillful people. This helps a lot to move on your project, learn new things, and make global impact. Also I get to work on the largest computer system in the world and I can learn all sorts of practical problems in this area. Third is the free food and perks. Every lunch and dinner is the time to social w/ your friends/coworkers at Google and you have 15+ cafeterias to iterate!
Interacting all the time with brilliant colleagues of high integrity and drive, strong push to innovate and change the world, excellent compensation and benefits, high openness and plenty of communication from senior management about all kind of company-strategy related issues, with lots of trust towards each and every employee.
Huge variety of projects, wonderful people, brilliant minds, awesome perks, fairly easy to move from project to project, real room for independent initiative (management rarely blocks new ideas and rarely interferes with decision making), stock options and shares very valuable.  If you're looking to be immersed in the internet world, become involved with really (really) big business, and see how huge scale matters and how it is handled and developed, there's hardly a better place for this than Google.  Free lunch and free transportation are more than just nifty perks. They make people's lives really easy and support a work environment that's very productive without being oppressive. Nobody is required to work long hours, but a lot of people just do.
Chance to work with smart people. Perks and benefits
Free food, and a good variety, perks, fun and competent teammates. The bonus plan is pretty good.  They have a lot of social events, but unlike some other reviewers I never felt like I was forced to go to them, and I don't think I get labeled as 'ungoogley' because of it.  I feel pretty free to work on what I want to work on, and I don't feel over-managed.
The people, the culture, the fun!
Work with many of the brightest people on some of the most challenging problems. See your efforts noticed in the media and in the lives of your friends and family every day. Engineering at Google is, more than ever, a dream job for the right people. Think really really big! There are terrifyingly few limits to what you can do here.
The total compensation package is generous, with opportunities for earning more through good, hard work. The caliber of colleagues is very high, sometimes daunting even. The company is very transparent - you can get a good look at what is going on with nearly any project, and senior management frequently communicate about the direction and goals for the company. There are an amazing number of really interesting projects to get involved with, and lots of opportunities for education and professional development. Google has big values, big goals, and works to solve big problems. It is an exciting and rewarding place to be.
Google is a very nice company to work for. The company is very transparent about its policies and directions, and keeps every one up-to-date of latest development.  People have strong ownership of things they do. And I feel that compensation is really good. The bonus is really generous (about 30% of your salary), and the benefits are excellent.
great pay, great flexibility. Nobody pampers engineers like Google. Focus is on small teams, self-starting and self-motivating engineers. Much less power politics than I've found elsewhere.
In my opionion, Google is truly the best large company to work for. Why? 1) A common strain of intellectual curiosity among Googlers makes for one of the most stimulating learning environments. No judgment for anything other than ethical errors -- of course, it pays to be smart and make good decisions ,) 2) Family in every part of the world -- i traveled alot for work and everywhere i went, once i stepped into a google office, I felt at home. The people were just as googley, the environment was just as comfortable. I felt part of a big family. 3) A true care for employees -- benefits are benefits, but I see the heart beind it. I have never felt so taken care of by an employer nor felt an employer go out of its way to make work easy for its employees. From the ease of dealing with the tech stop (our version of technical support), to the overhaul of the mini kitchens to keep us healthy. Everything was done with heart. 4) Indiscriminate respect for all levels -- i worked closely with senior management and never once did i feel slighted. all opinions were considered as long as you had the "balls" to bring it up. I felt like a member of the team with real value add from the very start. It was a trip overseas and i was asked to lead a meeting with some officials. I was hesitant and stated my inexperience (i was 25!). my eng director at the time said one thing i would never forget: "Age and experience is not an issue. You're here now and you know what we need accomplished, so i'm sure you'll figure it out". 5) Autonomy -- I've started multiple projects at google that have now taken root and have either become part of how the company is defined or have affected change in a meaningful way. None were part of my original job scope, and were ideas i took upon myself to get implemented. It truly is an entrepreneurs' playground -- you need to rally support, obtain resources and push through to completion. But if you put your mind to it, Google is a place you can get anything that has true value done.
Working at Google, you have really smart co-workers. In the beginning it struck me that people quickly understood my ideas, something I wasn't used to from college.  Another great advantage at Google is that it is very engineering driven. Generally, engineers are given enough of freedom to work on what they consider to be most important. The role of product managers is to help engineers figure out what that is and to help in communications, but ultimately engineers are making the decision. Being an engineer, I very much enjoy this and I think it makes a lot of sense given that engineers understand the technologies involved best.
The food is, in general, great, and the number of cafeteria options is ridiculous. There's always something interesting going on--it is a treat to see all of the invited authors and politicians that drop by and give talks. As an engineer it is relatively easy to switch projects, at least if you have a manager who is on your side. There are many smart people at Google, and you will learn a lot from them. In general, the engineers at Google are quite nice and easy to work with. You meet the occasional bad apple, though. It is quite gratifying to learn the inner-workings of products used the world over.
The benefits are the best. Free gourmet food, a great gym, subsidized massages, trips to disneyland, etc. The people you are working with are some of the smartest around.
The fringe benefits and work life balance are strong reasons, coupled with competitive total compensation.
There are many things to highlight here: the talented people I work with, the perks (there are really good stuff here, life a awesome health insurance, gym, plenty off food, etc). And why not mention the prestige to work on such famous company. This can really open a lot of door both currently and in the future.
great place to work, great perks, great collegues!
The opportunity to work on projects that are interesting and cutting-edge.
Strong culture that treats employees with respect and highly values engineers. Openness of culture that includes access to the majority of the codebase as well as regular TGIF's on fridays where management shares what's going on across the company with all the employees and can include sensitive information. Political candidates all stop at Google for a talk including: John McCain, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, John Edwards, and many others. Author talks with free books.
A very high percentage of people are very qualified for their jobs. Everyone knows that everyone else can be trusted to get work done and this creates a great "flow" for projects. This is in contrast to most other places I've been where there are always someone in each team that isn't carrying their weight.  The management is generally light and easy-going (in my experience) and people just do their jobs.  There seems to be a genuine effort to improve employee skills. I have no doubt this is simply for the company's sake and not due to love for the employees, but it's nice nonetheless.
The quality of my co-workers is phenomenal. You can be sure that any idea you might have will be thorougly analyzed and considered. People are friendly, intelligent and in the vast majority of cases very easy to get along with.  The infrastructure that Google has built up really frees the programmer from a lot of fundamental worries and allows him or her to concentrate on solving the high-level problem. The available tools make accessing a tremendous amount of computing power very straightforward.  I have always been satisfied with my managers trust me when I say I need to take time off or work from home. It is very liberating to know that your manager supports you when you need this kind of latitude because of things happening outside work.
You are surrounded by by brilliant people. The executive team truly believes in making the world a better place - and they truly do "care" about their employees.  Depending on your actual department - I am pretty sure most people would agree that they learn more here in 1 week - then you would in 1 year elsewhere. Its a very forward thinking organization - that is never satisfied with how things went the last time - there is a constant drive to do things better than the last time - and that culture is great for personal development.
Awesome people: Google definitely has some of the best people to work with as well as to learn from. There are lots of opportunities to learn new things wether it's from tech talks, talking with coworkers or interaction with people from other departments. Everybody is friendly and the work atmosphere is casual and down to earth.  Great Perks: Even working as a contractor, I've had access to free breakfast, lunch and dinner as well as access to the gym and shuttle service.
The Googleplex, the free food/drinks/snacks, cool t-shirts and hats, on-site gym & volleyball and the heated toilets. And of course to the entire world it seems like the "coolest" place to work on the planet, so it looks good on your resume. You will gain respect from peers because of the perceived difficulty of getting a job at Google... Smartest people in the Bay area in one place...
Google's management allows, or rather, encourages engineers to take as much ownership as they like of projects. Product managers are there to work with engineers to direct the product, as their job is to know the customers and the marketplace and come up with a good direction for products. Because a lot of what the marketplace wants is illogical, engineers often argue with product management, and such behavior is part of what makes engineering a great place to be. You can actually have a significant impact on product direction.  Additionally, Google is very fair about how promotions work. The engineers who impress their colleagues get promoted. Those who don't impress their colleagues don't get promoted. Thus, most good engineers will get promoted. I've heard lots of people complain about this process, but usually I hear this from engineers who aren't that impressive. It could be that the explanation for *why* they aren't getting promoted isn't transparent enough...but I don't know.  In almost all situations, you are in control of your own destiny at Google. You set your own goals. You set your own timeline to achieve those goals. Management is there to guide you in setting these goals, but it is your duty to set good goals and strive to achieve them. This is also very empowering, and avoids the micromanagement that occurs at other companies.  Then there's the obvious, which everyone else has already mentioned, like the *great* food, the massages, the really understanding/flexible management when it comes to personal issues, the good benefit package, etc.
The company is very transparent - you can get a good look at what is going on with nearly any project, and senior management frequently communicate about the direction and goals for the company. There are an amazing number of really interesting projects to get involved with, and lots of opportunities for education and professional development.
Google without a doubt hires the best and the brightest. This makes for a stimulating work environment where one is constantly challenged. One of the biggest things that Google has going for it is its legendary benefits...it's hard to tire of free food, personal enrichment classes, and great health insurance. Google also makes for a "fun" work environment -- although it's definitely still work, the balance balls, lava lamps, game rooms, and Googley colors surrounding your work environment is definitely unique to the company.
Google is in the process of changing the world, or more specifically, how the world uses information. It has been a great pleasure to see this process take form and execute over the last 3 years. The career advancement is good and there are plenty of opportunities to showcase you talent. This can be a double edged sword if you trip up but since you have to be pretty good to get in at Google then that shoudl not be a major concern.
Opportunities to make impact on a large scale. And the perks are great.
It's nice to feel like part of something greater than oneself — Google has a whole lot going on at any given time, and there is a strongly intellectually curious atmosphere among the employees. The perks are fantastic, too — there is no easy nor compelling way to argue against free hot meals up to three times a day, and there's always something exciting or interesting or intellectually challenging to work on. The colorful and relatively playful atmosphere are also an excellent change of pace from the standard-issue dreary cubicle existence that plagues most office jobs out there in the US.
Incredibly smart people. The culture of openness. And obviously the perks.
There is a tremendous amount of bright, highly-motivated people at Google and you can learn a lot from most of them. They continually challenge you and make you better at what you do.
The food is outstanding. There are good people who have every right to be elitist who are not (not sure how many are left though). If you enjoy building teams and enjoy having the resources to execute on projects then Google is a good place to be. Depending upon how your options are priced Google can lead you to a rich life of spending your time commenting on Google on web sites like this.
Its famous, its been "best employer" for 2 years now !
Like a new restaurant with a line out the door you want to get in and have dinner. But seriously they do provide some nice perks. (Lunch, Dinner, Snacks, Insurance)
I like working at Google as an SRE (Site Reliability Engineer) because it is a job that combines my skills as a professional software engineer and self-taught system administrator. The work I do is quite varied so I don't get bored doing the same thing over and over like I have done at other companies.  Since Google is a well-established corporation they can afford to provide some of the best benefits that other companies can't/don't provide. Unlike startups, you don't have to worry about the company going belly-up nor do you have to work unreasonable hours.  We have free food in the form of many cafes all over the area each with a varied menu of foods. There's even a concern program that allows employees to call certain specialists for free advice -- e.g. you can ask a lawyer for some legal advice or talk to a therapist, amongst other services.  The company even offers up to 3 months of paid medical leave..  Aside from benefits, job security, and exciting projects, everyone there is very intelligent and good peers/team-mates are essential in any corporation.
It's a very convenient place to work-- not only are the on-site perks helpful, but employees have plenty of opportunities to learn. Unlike many companies, where employee productivity is dependent already having a certain set of skills needed to get the job done, Google encourages (if not expected) employees to spend a majority of their time doing things they don't currently know how to do. In effect, you are getting paid to learn new skills, and due to the "act now, think later" Google mindset, it's generally okay to make mistakes as you learn. World-renowned industry experts regularly lecture at Google, giving the campus an even stronger college-like feel. And in terms of the perks, it's surprisingly nice to not have to think about packing a lunch, to be able to borrow a free car to run an errand, and to wash your stinky gym clothes after working out your frustrations in the weight room.
Interesting problems to work on, very nice offices, extremely smart co workers.  If you're very self directed, you can learn quite a bit and have a great time, but you shouldn't expect much help from other people.
The perks and the people. Everyone knows Google so when you say you work there you don't have to explain what it means. The idea that when I checked in code to production, billions of people would be hitting it the next day - very heady.
The benefits and coddling at the company
Great Pay and Benefits, and a very dynamic work environment. You are surrounded by very smart people and you get to work on cutting edge technology. It's a fun place with the look and feel of a college campus. You are constantly challenged due to the fast pace and the intelligence of your co-workers.
interesting challenges that change every day. feel good about what you're doing. financial rewards
Very friendly culture, incredible access to practically all of company information, great people to work with and learn from. With thousands of users every second, almost nothing is trivial, so work tends to never be boring. The work process is very professional. Of course, just getting to build stuff on Google's awesome infrastructure (both hw and sw) might also be considered to be interesting :)
The company has name recognition. Also, in engineering at least, you learn a lot about best practices. Most Googlers are pleasant and competent.
-My co-workers - working with smart and creative people -Great working environment and benefits -Academic environment promoting continued learning
Smart people, extremely diverse culture, open environment for creativity... a model for a lot of companies. Technically very advanced - start of the art equipment and the best social activities that make you proud to be there.
The people are pretty fantastic, as are the perks -- food, HR really does have innovative ways of taking care of you, transportation options. Google has been willing to open up offices where its people want to be, which has been great. There is a lot of opportunity to travel, and communicate your vision to a wider audience. I appreciate some of the hard work that has gone into building the culture and Google tries hard to maintain that. There is a sense of legacy and that great things are yet to come. This is not something that is easily sustained, yet there is so much effort here, that it just might work.
LV style Free Meal. Free Shuttle. Campus environment. Salary is so so.  Best 1st job out of college.
Google, even through a period of explosive growth, continues to be a great innovation hub. The engineering culture has managed to attract some of the brightest minds in computer science, with access to vast resources and people with experience and expertise across a broad range of functions. Working at Google is a fantastic way to meet and learn from some of these folks, and to gain exposure to some of the largest distributed computing systems in the world.  And of course, the benefits are best-in-class, included the lauded Google chefs and various on-site amenities. If you can find a way to build some upside, whether that's around compensation, equity, or career advancement, Google is a fantastic place to work.
The food, the people, the development infrastructure, the energetic atmosphere, and the large scale problems that do not exist anywhere else.
No company has ever done more to ensure the happiness and comfort of their employees. It has of course grown more compartmentalized and beaurocratic as it has grown but it remains a rather open playing field. Google also fosters a fertile and receptive breeding ground for homegrown ideas and suggestions, some of which has grown into successful consumer products. I also continue to feel good about working for a company that takes ethics and "doing the right thing" so seriously.
Stock options, prestige of working for a huge name
The reputation of the company is great, and so is the free food.
They are very concerned with the happiness of their employees. We are treated well and the perks are phenomenal. This is one of the pinnacles for where geeks want to work. The work environment is condusive to working and staying engaged in the projects you are working on. They make sure you have the tools that you need to get your work done. They move VERY fast to get things done. They do a lot of great work with charities and the communities where their offices are. They truly live by their motto, "Don't be evil."
They definitely encourage a good work life balance. When dealing with other areas of life, they ensure that employees are given enough time to take care of everything. The perks are great as well - free food, snacks, and drinks, author talks, artists who perform, game areas - these are all things that relieve stress and enable employees to focus better and be more productive.
The benefits are awesome and work hours are very flexible.
The perks and the culture is not only conductive to thinking and personal growth, but also fun.
Any alien technology, sufficiently advanced, will appear to be magic. Compared to what anyone else is doing what Google has built in its worldwide serving infrastructure is magic. No-one, not even Defense, has the compute power on the scale that Google has. If you can manage to live up to the challenge you are in the very top echelon of engineering talent in the world. There is also a culture of rewarding and supporting us engineers in building and maintaining that infrastructure.
Google has a really strong reputation and is a word leader in internet technology. Working at Google opens a lot of doors for later employment externally and also gives you a lot of insight into what it's like to work for a large company that is still in a growth phase. Google also hires very intelligent, hardworking individuals, so you meet a lot of amazing people and work with them every day. It also provides great benefits (health, dental, etc.), and a lot of really nice perks (free food, gym, special guests/events). It's also a good first place to work in Silicon Valley because you learn a lot very quickly about the Valley's culture from an established organization.
Google is an extraordinary place to work: the perks are second to none, the quality of employees is exceptionally high, and the products are mostly cutting edge and interesting. Google treats its employees very well and believes in leadership from the bottom up, which provides a sense of ownership and personal investment that is unequaled in my experience. Google employees are encouraged to treat each other as respected equals, no matter what the difference in job title might be. Google also encourages the notion that good ideas can come from anywhere, and that the best ideas rarely come from management.  Perhaps most importantly, Google is one of the only places in the world where you can work on products that could potentially be used by hundreds of millions of people. It's very satisfying to share your work with family and friends, and to see people using your products nearly every day.
When people think of working for Google, the food and facilities are generally what come to mind first…and those are the best parts. Google fosters a college or academic feel where you never need to leave the campus in order to find sustenance or a respite from the daily grind. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are offered Monday through Friday, and the food is pretty good (keep in mind I'm comparing it to other free food…so how can you really complain?). Google-colored Swiss balls (those bouncy orbs you see freakishly fit people doing sit-ups on in infomercials) invade the office cubicles and give the workspace a much more play-pen sort of feel. To bolster the dorm room ambiance, Google also supplies pinball machines, foosball, ping pong & pool tables, and assorted video games. Foam darts are passed out for 'dart wars' during especially hectic times, and silently encourage the employees to roll away from their ergonomically arranged desks to fling projectiles at unsuspecting coworkers. After a grueling week of work, an employee can look forward to a company-funded bender in the form of microbrew beer (both on tap and in bottles!), wine, and the occasional Jell-O shot. If the alcohol upsets your stomach and a retreat to a bathroom is what you crave, fear not! In addition to having showers in almost every building, Google boasts toilets with heated seats, built-in bidets, and dryers for those who prefer to relieve themselves in a more "green" fashion.
Smart People Chance to make a big difference to the lives of millions of people Management's desire to be seen as a force for good Fellow Googlers' concern for the environment and heightened awareness of world issues
Very smart, innovative colleagues. Ground breaking technology. Open door policy to executives. Foster supportive, team environment
People think better of you if you work at Google. The people you work with are really really smart, because Google sets the bar for hiring so high. There's free breakfast, lunch, and dinner - and it's good. The yearly bonus tends to be even more than the percentage in the offer letter.
Google is one of the first places I've worked where I feel like I'm surrounded by people that are way smarter than I am. This makes for a really creative environment, where everyone is pushing you to go beyond your limits and make something even better. It also means that you can just trust that everyone around you is really good at what they do.  There's also a huge focus on only launching things when they're ready, which, as an engineer, means when something does launch, you're really proud of it, and don't feel like it's half-assed because you were rushing to a deadline and cut a lot of corners.  Oh, and the free food and benefits rock, but they wouldn't keep me at any job if I didn't enjoy the work and the people. But when you do like the job and the people, they make it that much better:)
The people at google are nice
The best part about working at Google is the number of very smart people constantly around you. Great team settings where you can learn and be around the best. There are tons of other employee benefits as well, such as the free food (3 meals a day cooked by excellent chefs) and snacks, game areas (fooseball, volleyball), bicycles, workout center, laundry machines, etc. All of these things cause you to worry about less outside of work.
Good benefits, decent pay. Free food, and access to many amenities.
You work with the brightest people in the world who are also very modest and kind. Very fun, enjoyable, flexible atmosphere where you can be yourself. Every day I was there I found another reason to love it. The campus is very well connected and collegial. The food is obviously amazing. They are also always inviting speakers and musicians and finding ways to keep you entertained and learning. I could go on and on, but I was very happy there.
The opportunity to change the world. Every job position has a very strong impact, especially in the emerging Google divisions. For example, Google Enterprise and Google Earth sales groups. Free food. Very open minded and diverse group of people. No one I met at Google is intellectually incompetent. You can bring dogs to work. The people are friendly and overall there is strong sense of belonging to a group of the elite that have the opportunity to change the world. The on site gym, cafes, are nice. Opportunities to see visiting authors and presidential candidates are amazing. You are in the presence of great people who will change/are changing the world.
If you ever want to leave and go somewhere else, pretty much anyone will hire you if you've worked at Google.
Great people Impact Great Benefts
An amazing spirit of innovation, open collaborative atmosphere, great employee development and career advancement, and exceptional senior management.
The "pro" that comes to mind that I want to mention about the company is that you get the opportunity to learn a lot.
The different perks you get at this company are really great and the benefits are pretty great here as well.
We are at the forefront of new technology and so we are working with very high tech professionals every day.
Perks and incentives are a major plus. I work with a lot of smart people and the people are the best part.
Great insurance benefits, free food, equipment is available whenever you want it to be, and there is always whatever you need (monitor, etc.)
What I seem to like best here is the open environment at the company, as well as the transparency on the job.
Great people to work with here, as well as an enjoyable work environment. I love to come to work every day!
The variety of different projects and the speed of completion. I am truly very satisfied - pleased there is an endless list of pros.
As you've probably heard, Google has great benefits (insurance) and flexible hours. If you want to, you can work from home.
To repeat what I wrote before, the people I work for and work with here are very smart and confident people.
People are willing to share knowledge which is not the norm in this industry. This is the first place I have worked where the people are great about that. Also, I get to work on cool projects that no one else in the world works on.
Just as most people would expect at a company like Google, there is a lot of opportunity to do great things here.
The name recognition that goes along w/ the job and the quality of the engineers is good. It is a relatively flat organization and you can set your own job direction.
I work w/ a diverse set of people. You have have great people within the company w/o a lot of micromanagement. You have the freedom to do a job w/o contantly being checked on.
I like this job and earned so much money
Everything you need in a company
The free food was good
Open Culture. Best Technology in the World. There is no other company in the world that you work on the scale at Google.
Good culture, great people, good benefits, visa support.
Flexibility, Initiative, Creativity, Friendly Environment
Great company! Amazing perks here and amazing people. I moved onto greener pastures, but if you can get in, it is life changing.
- culture - ambition and future potential
Great place to work at
Good stuff always. Flexible working hours. Tax rebate, learning om the job, expands your mind.
- Great pay - Amazing colleagues - Lots of learning opportunities
New technology can be learnt from others
Perfect place to improve profile
Great place to work and nice people
Great work life balance Respectful environment Stimulating peers & jobs Strong internal mobility and good career paths Above average salary & high quality perks (gym/food/massages/health care...)
Cool Work Environment No formals required Very helpful and easygoing people
International group of employees working here
Great culture. You are made to feel part of the Google family from day 1, get the opportunity to direct your career and contribute significantly to outputs from early on. Fantastic horizontal and geographical mobility, with the ability to work from anywhere in the world
Great learning opportunity and benefit structure.
Great environment Openness is a big part of culture. Positive
Sunday is phenomenal. The desire to make it a place of respect and inclusion is authentic even if theyre far from achieving it.
It management is ok.Working culture is good
good management. good people. good projects. good food. great offices
- Good company culture - Good pay
Good culture and amazing office space
Very smart people in Google
Had a great time there
Genuinely passionate, smart, friendly people. Interesting problems to solve. Extremely collaborative culture. Opportunity to move around the company. Amazing food.
Free food, subsidised massage, good benefits are all true benefits. They also do a lot of interesting work in tech. The claimed corporate culture of openness, a flat organisational structure and acceptance of employees’ true selves is a good ideology, though clearly sometimes a failed practice.
helping management , good environment
Good benefits compared with other local companeis
Very very good work environment
Amazing Benefits and Work Culture
Best opportunities for the beginning of the career
Good workers, great food, nice place
Food. Autonomy. Culture.
- lots of learning from different areas - good mentoring system - peers - office
Amazing working environment, with a pragmatic culture of innovation.
Nice people, nice pay, nice projects
fun exciting good rich nice
Perks, food, offices, international environment, interdisciplinary nature
Good food and a lot of other stuff
Great benefits and free food
Everything you read about and more
Amazing office with great perks
everything's good with google. Very good.
Big Company with a lot of money to spend
Great facilities, benefits and bright minds to work with
Having a Start-up work environment. Free work-time. We can work remote if you ask your manager or boss.
Fun , high paying, healthy environment
Google perks, exciting industry, multicultural environment
Awesome company to work with.
It is a great place to work
Company,s area is too big and i don't know to ride bicycle, so i had to walk for a good distance daily
Great people and culture. Young and vibrant
Google company is one of the top level company.
Awesome workforce quality, mind blowing projects
Fair treatment, benefits, fun people, work life balance
cantine breakfast perks for employees games rooms rest room people
I really enjoyed opportunity to grow here
fun people to work with
Very Smart people work here.
Co-workers were very skilled and well trained
Opportunities to travel, move between functions, great learning and development. Always something new to work on to challenge yourself.
was a good company enjoyed the experience
- One of the tech giants - Cool place to work - Above average compensation compared to industry - Cool perks
Experience salary I like Google very much
Employees are friendly & I can do my work with full enjoyment
Benefits, offices, kudos on CV
Challenging Pushes you to do your best
Work-life balance, High wages, healthy work culture
Google can offer very competitive, almost unrealistic salary (you should work hard!), amazing perks, super interesting people around and never-to-forget parties. You work non-stop and enjoy it, running from one busy meeting to massage or to catch up with friends / colleagues. You have everything you need - from food to Gym (with small swimming pool) on campus, laundry services, meditation and music rooms and much more.
Just about everything is good.
amazing place to work, really!
Culture, CEO, Salary, Challenging, Products.
I really have respect in Google company because it's give us a huge security at Internet so this I believe in this company
One of the best companies one can get into. Enjoyable and relaxed working environment, no sucb pressure of the work.
You get the chance to work with Great people
-Pay - Culture - Location - Benefits - Free food
Amazing company to be a part of
Great environment to work in
Excellent culture, exciting projects and great people
- Cutting-edge technologies - Smart and passionate people - Work and life balance - Google perks - Google culture
best place to spend your life
Brilliant people, excellent career progression opportunities
Good internal training, free food, and chance to work on some of the largest software stacks ever made. Getting hard things done at Google is easy.
Amazing people, very stress light in terms of downward pressure, loads of resource to be able to deliver your work, incredible career opportunities for those willing to battle for them and take sideways moves
best company for everyone.my dream company
All is well and a good compqny
Smart people, great culture, Amazing benefits, flexibility
It is a nice place to work at
Free food Free gym Amazing employee benefits Ability to branch within different teams Great clientele
Good Food and good times
The best benefits in the world
Free food,great work place with really smart people
Great benefits, decent pay, nicer offices, flexible work environment, a lot of smart young people to work with
- Bright & passionate people - Tangible work - Great work environment
The environment is very mature
Free food, free gym, decent salary
Good benefits (health insurance, life insurance, meals, perks) and remuneration (salary, bonus, shares). Generally good work life balance but it can skew at times. You can work on global products that impact millions of people Can take advantage of the benefits of a massive company e.g. training, relocation, etc People mostly try to get things done rather than playing politics. Most people are nice.
Amazing percs and with amazing people
- supportive friendly culture - rich set of resources - you never be hungry
Great Perks and benefits, good comp
great culture in all of the offices
Very very good company for work.
- Google embraces a great working environment where people are always supportive and helpful  - Google infrastructure and technology are great and there are a lot of things to learn from
- working with some of the most talented and charismatic people in the world - amazing perks, free everything - fantastic offices with loads of brilliant break out spaces to be creative and focus
Good perks good food good workspace
Benefits. Experience how a huge company with thousands of engineers provides internal tool to cater for the corporate needs.
Only one word for this company "Best"
Working with some of the smartest people around and in cool projects, world-class perks, stellar financial performance and growth, numerous career opportunities inside.
Everything is done always for good outcome
Pays you very well and you get to learn a lot.
No pros - Bad work, bad environment
innovative, honest, passion for job, high curiosity for new things
Environment and very nice salary
Ton of perks and lot of prestige
Everything you think it is, it is.
Good work environment to learn
Good Salary for every one
Good salary. Nice working environment.
Its give many jobs to unemployment peoples with good salary
Great Culture & capable team member
great yes no me you
Every reason to join here. Package to facilities to. Location and holiday leaves, policies.
The best place to learn about digital marketing!
I came for "two years". I'm at Google over seven and counting.  Great peers with a culture that fosters collaboration and learning from others.  Lots of flexibility - working hours, working from home, team and product mobility.  Competitive perks, benefits and compensation.
Good and honest people work here.
Great people, great perks & benefits
Great place to work and start
I’m a hardworking and dedicated person and i’m willing to learn something new
Perks of the company overall
Best of all among everyone
Great Work life balance. Good place to be in
Friendly environment, free food and total freedom for developing softwares.
Cushy job working with smart people on huge problems with great benefits, a relaxed atmosphere, and great pay... Not to mention free food.
Good salary and perks. Good infrastrutture.
Great Work Environment and Perks, Deep Product Knowledge on some of the best products available for Online Advertising on Google Networks
This is a best company ..
benefits and more than that
nice food and many smart people
Great pay great work, and great benefits
Want to work to know the data management
Good opportunity for better career
Amazing people. Can chat with anyone, and just schedule a meeting randomly. Great office culture. Very open. Takes performance reviews very seriously
Qulity of this is best
work with high performing people
friendly challenging motivative innovative growing
Useful for positive communication with users.
I saw everywhere in my life i needed a google to explore my world thats why i am thinking as i uses google then why not i work with google to help other to explore your world by google.
Good Environment and good culture
Here I have a lot of opportunities for learning.
- Great salary - Great benefits - Generally competent engineers - Culture of helpfulness and quality in many engineering teams. Most engineers will answer your email and give you advice. - Can still find interesting technical work, though there's lots of dull work too, especially if you're more junior.
Amazing coworker, nice development career, great benefices, flexibility
Everything a wonderful company. Great for work
Work life balance is neutral. nice environment,
Great colleagues, great inside and outside opportunities
Great atmosphere, challenging and fun. Fantastic colleagues
it's all good in that company
It is an great company and I love its job
Lovely environment to work in
Biggest search engine of the world
reason becouse is a good company and i'm working on the android studio
The boss is a nice man. Comfortable working environment and high effective and creative team.
Have associate friend there good company there
Rapidly evolving company that has matured into a steady state from the chaos of the early 200s. Enthusiastic, energetic, and fast paced. Many perks like free food, free gym, various subsidized services (like massage). Lots of fun events and paid trips.
It’s the best way to get a real sense of your chosen industry. You’ll get to speak to employees and ask them questions. You won’t know what it’s like until you get closer to the action.
Work life balance. Healthy working environment. Happy and respectful people.
Cv, experience , package , atmosphere, location
Great enenvironment to work encourages entrepreneurial attitudes. Good pay.. good office freebies
Everything !!! Work life balance Cafeteria Management Employees Culture & values
Such a good experience for me
Nice people to work with
Surrounded by smart and driven people.
Great benefits, awesome co-workers, variety of projects
A rewarding, interesting and friendly environment
the company benefits are uncomparable
Looking forward to a better future by working with your esteemed company, which is flourishing and progressing, which made me offer employment and provide for the financial assistance provided by you
best work environment and work ethics
Very good relationship with manager and peers, interesting problems to solve, good compensation.
Absolutely phenomenal in terms of work, life, peers, and balance.
google offers one of the best working environment for its employees.
* Great culture * Incredibly clever colleagues * Great perks * Free Food :)
Because Is more large platform in the world.
Perfect I could enjoy my life
Great and conducive environment, support from upper management
Nice place to work with perfect life
1) Great comp. 2) Great facilities such as Food, Office Cab 3) Lots of intelligent people to work with 4) Great work life balance
i want to learn more and more, working in a good place, loving self study of evry thing new,travelling abroad,google is the biggest company in software and development
Great community. Alot of knowledge in small time.
Good place to work and a good experience, plus great benefits.
For transforming daily Life For transforming daily Life
good team mood and culture
Very good compensation plus challenging work
good pay, good growth opportunities
work from Home,Eduactional Training ,Online with Go to meeting
Flexibility in the working environment.
Benefits, People, Perks, Pension, flexibility
Great time to work with Google. I have learned a-lot in Google.
I would like to increase my level and I dream to work in Canada
Benefits and perks, schedule flexibility, culture and parties.
Work environment , Growth of career, exposure to new work load
They have food at the office
Excellent working environment and work life balance. Brilliant people.
Getting work along highly motivated and intelligent employees, free lunch
Free food and gym and sauna
Great people, great technologies, lots of responsibility.
Actually this is the first flatform in Internet where we start over knowledge
Provide free food, provide comfy rest floor, have culture on celebrates special day
Many opportunities to learn and develop Work with smart people from around the world Great flexibility and work life balance Work on market leading products
Never work weekends, nice location, free coffe and fruit
Worked at Google as a contractor for 2 years and was such a great culture to work in. Great food and even contractors have access to the gym. Team activities is very big here.
good salary and benefits and healthcare
Great vision for the future and customer centric approach at ALL times
People re very nice to each other and help each other. I feel very little competition. Perks are great, compensation amazing, I couldn't be happier (^_^)
Amazing perks, very smart people, creative buzz
good..great place to work
The usual pros and perks
Amazing company to start off in, insane perks, incredible workforce and network, great salary, huge learning opportunities
Gr8 work experience, work at home, good pay,
Free food, gym and other perks
Perfect Services and environement , well-maintained
Fun working environment with great people
Very Comfortable Job. We Enjoy working with Google
Everything was great and pleasing.
Great people, challenging job, good benefits.
it follows all the specific guidelines. it's the best company. it take care of the employees
Great place to work and learn
I have good knowledge in EHV cables.I have also worked in testing and commisioning field.
Flexibility Work Life Balance Good Development Opportunities Easy to move across departments and countries after certain time & good results Challenging in a good way Great Office Environment International Travel Results Orientated Culture
Incredible perks that you don't see anywhere else
Work life balance is really good. Salary is among the best.
Live it every day find it extremely tiring and cannot switch off.
Google has great atmosphere and reliable infrastructure to build new existing products.
Great Salary, nice amount of leave
you got everything here this place is awesome.
Facilities, work life , food, compensation, good work
Excellent work culture, Good career opportunities
It's Google - what more is there to say?
Amazing people Great benefits Interesting work Opportunities galore
every thing is very good
scope , job, free time, career
I can settle and I can gain my own pocket Money without basing on parents
Great work life balance Brilliant people
a very good place to work on interesting projects
to improve my knowledge in a focus of coding
good salary , good laptop
Lots of intelligent people who are great to work with on average.
Excelent work place, great opportunities
Benefits, flexibility, salary, tech, development
Free food, flexible hours, good pay, good amount time of vacation
good company, infrastructure , environment , people
Everything. From manger to team to everybody is brilliant. Products are brilliant. Benefits are awesome.
Colleagues, Technology, Office, Culture, Brand, Values
-- Work environment is conducive to networking and collaborations -- A lot of opportunities to do more than what your job entails -- Great colleagues, you are surrounded by great minds -- Generous with bonuses, compensation and benefits -- Unmatched learning opportunities from events to talks (with amazing speakers) to training.
Nice working environment
Google is a good place to work.
Freedom at work, great diversity, great benefits, room for creativity
Good pay, facilities, food, amenities
big salary and many great features
Growing rapidly despite its mega size
space for creativity and inovation
lots of opportunities to grow and develop career in different functions
Smart colleagues, great conditions, good food, flexible work
Nice environment to work and explore your talent
Great facilities and very friendly people
very very very very good
Great place to work here
Great projects, values, honesty, good culture, travels. Not a bad money either
Company takes care of its employees really well Great to learn a lot Hight Development
Google is the best company of word
Learn new things every day. Lots of research.
Salary, Work Life Balance, Food
It has a network of users
Really wide range of work and applications
Benefits and perks are the best, clear communication from management, aligned targets and focus
its good its amazing jobs for beginners
Great people, Great working conditions, Benefits were good, vacation time was good
People, Perks, Benefits and tools.
provide good products across multiple spectrums
Great environment, good people, easy jobs
Good time , good money
Surrounded by smart, talented and hard working people Easy to define your own goals if you have innovative ideas Competitive salary & perks
good company to work for
- Very organized work load - Efficient management schema to resolve challenges faced in work everyday
Great mix of people. Get to meet some really interesting folks. Great salary and opportunities.
It is great to work with such an innovative company. Whatever Google does it's great. The technical bar is very high and my colleague are very smart. The company truly cares about their employees.
Awesome Place location to work here
- Working with great people - Ability to perform at level you go for - Vision of company - Perks
The pool of talents you'll be working with will stimulate you every day. The company takes care of its employees, but aside from mere benefits the people around you will really make the difference.
it is the best company to do
Good environment and healthy workplace
This is the one of the best company in the world
It's really what it's made out to be. You work at the most relevant company in the world. You make the future. It becomes part of who you are, when you say you work here, people are excited and ask you lots of questions about it. The Paris office is awesome - you get the benefits of living in Europe with the benefits of working for an American company.
Good vibe, Rewarding benefit, work life balance
Best company to work on
Anything you can imagine - free food, onsite gym, doctor, dentist, post office, swimming pool, super intelligent people to work with and learn from, interesting projects at a global scale, loads of internal training available etc
Awesome place to work for. Great and smart peers. Analytically challenging.
Great environment in here at google
very good and best place to work
Good Company and still studying prosses..
Food, gym, personal development, career progression, travelling
Working with incredibly smart people
Good company for beginners and others.
NICE WORK PLACE FOREVER
> great company with a great culture, lots of perks, good management > amazing colleagues > lots of challenges and space to learn, grow and develop
The company has regular payments on a specified date. Good use of a large variety of thecnologies. And it provide all resources for work well.
Big company, great social use
Tons of projects, where everyone can find something interesting to work on. Free and nice food, coffee, perks, etc. Really smart, nice and friendly colleagues.
Great people , dynamic and fast pace workplace
Better life food cab friendly management
Intelligent, interesting colleagues. Exciting developments across many products and technologies. Well thought-out working environment and benefits.
Good teammates, engineers and facilities. Great place to work
I like this company so much.i was passionate to work at this company
Great culture, great benefits, smart people and variety of career opportunities.
Great compensation package, great office facilities
Shah Pranay Best time
Best ever and every software engineers dream company
Nice work life balance there
Everything from start to finish
the best reason is it google office is the world's coolest office ever it is also a big it company in the world
Amazing vibe, the office is very cool and you have all the perks they brag about. The culture is very open and people are very friendly. You get to work on solving problems.
free food, gym, good salaries, stock, resources.
Good brand. Innovative. Nice colleagues and wiling to lend a hand whenever help is needed.
Very inspiring workplace, fantastic colleagues, mission driven and culturally pretty good for its size
a good workings place there
Learn to work on international cross functional teams
I worked with the best people in the world and enjoyed going into work each day
Good Culture and nice people to work with
Amazing collugues, good benefits, free food
The best colleagues - everyone is focused on impact/mission and very few individuals are involved in corporate politics.
give me a time for release and discovery new one
Interesting work, great colleagues, lots of perks (food, offsites, …)
Good platform Friendly environment Tasty flood Cab facility Encourage
Opportunity of knowing enterprise scale data centerthings.
something sallary but all time others county I will go
Great perks, amazing co-workers, lots of locations, good compensation
big company, you can learn a lot.
- Great culture - Smart people - Intellectually stimulating
Great company culture Great people Learn a lot
Good work place and number projects.
Working environment is very very good
autonomy, free food, smart people with great mindset
It has a different send of job work in google, so I'm quite intrested
Smart people, good benefits, lots of interesting work
Good balance, good pay, excellent culture.
Great workplace and good salary
Good work environment in the office.
High salary Great peers And other great benefits
Good employee benefit , good work enviorment and freedom of thought
Great company to work for. Global recognised brand
Provides with good environment and working area. Because employers in India are in need of good environment to enjoy there working profession.
Relaxing job in this job
Learn from smart people.
Great culture and innovative work
Smart people, great products and benefits.
It is very important in your life because you search all world
Good place. Nice people. Very good working condition.
Good salary Good salary Good salary Good salary Good salary Good salary
Amazing place to work. Smart co workers, fantastic atmosphere. Great benefits.
Good culture, nice compensation, good offices
Benefits, opportunities, great compensation, great people
good environment and nice workmates
1. Great Benefit 2. Salary is good , but you need to add benefit to your package then feel package is competitive
All good ....nothing low quality
Lot of things to learn and develop. Nice atmosphere to work with free mind.
Salary perks benefits colleuges food
great staff, facilities and food
Despite its large size Google still is a great company to work for.
Good work enivronment Lot of learning Easy going
some of the brightest minds to work with, incredible opportunities in multiple functions and across the globe. You work on projects that affect billions of people and have huge scale
Good environment, great learning curve, internal opportunities to grow
best place to work and learn
Best learning & cooperation to all
Fantastic talent, incredible resources, great work environment and culture
An amazing company that invests in its people more than any place I've ever worked. Principled leadership and brilliant people.
Great people, good opportunities, impact driven
nice, sweet, home, deligtede for this sumemer
it is very good company
Best work environment and common facilities
Teaches handling responsibilities very well. Helps cope with work stress. Excellent work environment
good exposure to new skills
Great work culture, respect and opportunity to work with some of the most intelligent people
very challenging, stress free, nice environment,good place to work
google rocks because it makes life easier
Google genuinely cares about its employee's wellbeing and the work was varied and challenging.
decision making authorities is allotted to employees with some responsibility
I can't think of any pro of working in this company..they hire sub standard people and bar to get inside this company is very low...for some reasons I still have given it a 5 start rating
Good team and framework, challenging goals. You have the feeling that you do something important. You always learn from a project and your teammates.
Its good very very good
Energetic and vibrating work environment.
Not many pros at all.
nice pay and many benifits
great benefits, career development, swimming ppol
Best company. Loads of benefits
Great people, opportunities to learn every day Open and inclusive culture Amazing benefits: extensive healthcare, free food, drinks & snacks, gym, pool, etc.
Scale and impact is huge. Great benefits.
I like to work there because I like google
- They care a lot about the well-being of their employees. - Good salary. - Lots of interesting projects at Google and the flexibility to move between teams every year or so. - Lots of room to learn from veterans in the field and bullet-proof infrastructure.
Salary, cutting edge technology that however is never deployed to broader public. even not in google cloud
i think its may be even better than any other company but i still confused about that now
Provide cab facility and of course the food is awesome here!
creating engaging social media strategies and execution plans that cultivated , increased web presence and enhanced brand awareness
Great food, colleagues and amazing offices.
Excellent benefits, flexibility and working culture.
benefits, good pay and bonuses. overall, nice and smart colleagues
Benefits, free food, gym, bright and friendly colleagues. Mostly respectful culture regardless of seniority. Good managers Flexibility around working schedule
Good experience pay and food
Even though Google is huge, even newbies can have impact. I've loved how easy it is to speak up and change things when something isn't working right. It's also energizing to be working with so many smart, motivated, passionate people. Plus, the pay and benefits are excellent.
The perks and salary are very competitive, you are able to afford a high standard of life for the country you're in, go on lavish vacations, and have a nice business casual wardrobe.  The rest depends on the team you are in. Some people are genuinely kind, smart and friendly, some teams genuinely work well together, but overall it is a stressful and competitive environment, which affects people's dynamics in adverse ways.
Traveling across Europe Decent salary for a recent graduate
brilliant minds, good food, great facilities
Good pay and very supportive colleagues. Nice environment. I like it very much. The benefits are a lot and I suggest people to work here.
great place to learn and improve your knowledge
Very flexible working hours. Very respectful atmoshpere at work, both with coworkers and management. Codebase and in-house tools for developers - best I've seen in the industry, I haven't been so productive anywhere else.
Good Pay, Good Community, Friendly
Benefits are extremely good if not the best
Perks, salary, workplace, colleagues and future career opportunities. The work that you do is empowering and you are given a great deal of responsibility early in your career. Many opportunities to transfer internally especially to other offices/countries. The work that you do is challenging but also rewarding.
I also want to make people know more about the ultimate teacher google
all pros, amazing place1! amazing!
A great line in the CV, opportunity to relocate to countries with strict visa policy, opportunity to work on a product used by billions, great culture, opportunity to learn from the very best software engineers, occasional difficult problems to solve, protective manner of the employer (like free food, gym, doctor, massage, washing machine and everything else in the office). Google has a strong security team which really makes you feel safe even in the most dangerous situations.
Best working Environment and Good Administrator behave for all Employee.
Was a great company, good food and people
Perks (Food, Benefits, Stock, Brand, Diversity)
self-confidence, determination, endurance, ability to deal with people and respect for others.
Flexible working hours, on-site food is free of charge, gym/pool etc all on site. Diverse. salary is above average and a great brand to have on your CV
- money - free breakfast, lunch, dinner
Cleverest people I worked with Amazing tools you can use Great benefits
a nice company to work for
always on innovate new things
Freedom to organise your work Free (and good) food Possibility to work from pretty much anywhere 20% time dedicated to side projects with other teams, a great way to network Lots of trainings possible on various topics
Good company with great environment
the pantry was the best thing
Exciting projects, great people, great food.
Best place to work, the company focus on the happiness of the employee
- Work life balance - Work environment
1. Invested management 2. attractive compensation 3. Encourage individual creativity and innovation.
The salary is very high!
Awesome company to work with.
Good career opportunities Very diverse tasks Loads of responsibility Amazing benefits Great training opportunities Global mobility
Great atmosphere within the team and lots of opportunities for growth
Very open culture and built on trust
Very good treatment of employees.
- Top class people, most of the countries where it is dominant - Cutting edge of knowledge and mindset for employees
It’s google, the name, the perks, the doors it opens. They all get boring after a couple of months but they are nice.
The community is the best one I've ever worked in.
Very good place to work
Great company culture and many opportunities to evolve within the company
It will not take much time, more power and it will upgrade my knowledge of using internet. Since I am working in day time I am free at night, so it is helpful to use my part-time.
Everything is superb and awesome
amazing pay and really care about the employees.
Friendly, Responsive, Interactive, Energetic, Domain Selective
Benefits, salary, peers, interesting work
A very good company to work
I need it and I want to render services because of many people have great talent and i am one of them.
- Clever people - Great benefits - Quirky surprises every so often
It's great working here actually
- Culture - Colleagues - Great products - Opportunity to Grow
Access to industry-leading tools for work, with coworkers who want to get the job done.
Great environment , friendly coworkers. Felt like a family, where everyone was free to give their opinion. Office was cool and lunch was provided which is rare.
- Wonderful culture - Beautiful offices - Brilliant peers - Great growth opportunities - Work autonomy - Great benefits
great pay and great management in branch
Great benefits, nice coworkers, great diversity of online reach and access to great tech and (for the most part) relaxed culture.
People and culture. everyone's nice.
The perks - really does take the stress away from choosing what to eat.
Lots of autonomy to do things the way it suits you
Got experience moreover it's a platform to solve the world upcoming problems and give the best version of myself to the world
work culture there is good
Best experience I ever had
Best company ever because after all it is google
The working environment is absolutely awesome.
The culture is all it is cracked up to be! Brilliant place to experience.
Great benefits but a bit low basic salary. Campus is great and depending on your team, your manager and team can be great. In general colleagues are friendly .
Nice culture, lots of perks, good vibe. Hr is good... ppl r good chill environment good good good very good very good very very very good
easy , accessible, reasonable payment, best fit.
- great budget - is investing in employees development - free food
good working environment ,culture .
Amazing People Good Benefits Amazing opportunities after Google
Great benefits and perks, amazing people, great place to learn and develop yourself.
Awesome working place to work
Google truly stands out when it comes to benefits and perks
good projects and good people
Best in the market Good experience Learnt a lot Being the leader it will surely enhance the resume. One will get to learn a lot
Lots of freedom, office perks, free hardware and potential for impact.
Great teammates to work with Strong career opportunities Great perks and benefits
Thrilling environment, good salaries, great benefits.
Usually engineers can pursue doing the technically right things.
good salary, perks, and environment
ı worked at school environment
its really fun working here and the working environment is very very much comforting
Money, perks, work environment very nice
Google fosters an excellent inclusive culture while working alongside great people. The business is constantly expanding and evolving beyond Search advertising which gives opportunities across new and exciting areas of the business.
Active and developing environment, onsite perks and flexibility in working hours
Work Balance Value for Employee 5 Days work
environment friendly cordial intelligent seniors  good work great team
good perks, food, office location, technology and tools available. blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Great culture, good perks, smart people to work with
Good environment of work and good conditions
on site perks, amazing food, health insurance, flexible parental leave, career development and a very encouraging and friendly workplace
Happy and educated workspace, management is friendly.
Work life balance is awesome
Diversity, Training, Opportunities, Top Markets packages, Benefits
awesome, nice salary, good community
Good working place ever !!!
Relaxed work culture and great benefits
Amazing workplace, culture and people.
I am a student and and i read college and i am working part-time with google company.ThankYou
Huge scale and impact. Cool engineering. Growth opportunities. Perks (gym, pool, free food) and trips, company travels. Pay follows performance. Lots of freedom and independence.
Awesome colleagues and team members.
Good company, cool offices and great colleagues.
Best in google because there is very clean time table , afternoon shifts, salaries, weekends, near my place I like this
great working environment, food and cab provided
Great colleagues, atmosphere and high investment in employees and well being.
I cannot really find one
Incredibly bright people who work very hard with high delivery expectations
Great co workers Fun environment They care about you Great management
Salary for senior engineers (level L5 and above) is very competitive
Exceptional people - smart, motivated. Interesting & challenging work. Opportunity to learn a lot
It was a great company
Nothing i love work and i control 20 customer on same time.i'm a hard worker. and i love work.any people get me job than i think he wil grow quickly
Perks, smart people, you'll learn a lot
Learning culture, great salary, flexi- hours, really smart and talented people all around
full of enjoyment and chill
Good growth opportunities, not a lot of sales pressure. Team was excellent
Benefits, fabulous free food for breakfast and lunch. Flexible working hours. Generous benefits package. Great people to work with.
good opportunities for promotion and development
Great people, operational machine, good projects
a lot of work very competitive environment
It's google of course. Great food, interesting projects, open
Good Benefits, many like-minded people, great learning opportunities.
The food, the bennies, the shuttle, nap pod, and everything else.
Compensation, benefits, training and opportunities are all great. There are many opportunities available to you if you're a program manager, in marketing, engineering or UX.
Good process and friendly environment
Really smart people around, benefits
The flexibility of work makes it easy to work
culture, people, opportunities to move between positipns
A very solid package. Food provided. Insurance and etc
Gorgeous UI Great place to work awesome infrastructure great work environment awesome management
good pay and nice work life balance
You have access to every thing that you may need to maximize your productivity, you share projects with great people and work in a very friendly, inspirational and challenging enviroment.
- Top notch facilities, great perks and lots of flexibility once you reach certain level of seniority.  - If you're a top performer, compensation will be top of market and you will work on interesting projects with very good people.  - Management really does listen. They've cut down on the cost cutting and pointless metrics collection after backlash. I believe that leadership genuinely cares about the company and employees.  - Dogs at the office. Dogs are the best.
good working environment, all staff helpfull.
Exceptional people - smart, motivated. Interesting & challenging work. Opportunity to learn a lot
Perfect and more to learn
fast learning, build up management skills
good pay , interesting and your kept busy
Best company to work for with ample work life balance.
very good company to work with
Great company to work for.
Best Learning Opportunity , Best Learning Environment
Environment is comfortable, payed good
You will be very comfortable there, as long as your career is not something you care about.
food, flexible hours, social coworkers - much fun!
Good perks and great culture. However you need to be lucky to get a job there ...
It a good company to work with
good work/life balance and life perks
Benefits Smart people Open, relaxed culture Great food
* Diverse fields to work on. * Lots of smart people.
- Modern Work/Study Balance - Creative Freedom
food, salary, goodies, food and food
- free food, gym, massages and more - great environment - great people - opportunity to grow and learn
1) Best thing - Awesome food 2) Employer-friendly culture 3) You are surrounded by most smart and talented people 4) Massage service 5) Chances to learn on edge cutting tool
The people you work with are amazing - humble, helpful and super smart!
Fun, Cooperative, Creative, Great , Wonderful
very nice environment and good place
It is a job that allow me to progress further than with anyone else.
good campany for all job profile
Very progressive company to work at that cares very much about career development and work life balance. What else could you ask for?
Flexible working hours, 90% of health insurance paid for, 12 weeks paid parental leave as a secondary care giver, free breakfast/lunch/dinner, working on great products with many users
Great environment, extremely capable colleagues, world class offices, amazing benefits, exciting projects, big focus on diversity and inclusion
Very good company culture
awesome and cool, i am working from 10 years
So many work here, and must deleverd on time
Awesome challenges, Nice workplace, and Great perks.
A place to learn a lot as a fresher and encourages in every step.Friendly environment to work.Providing more opportunities for employee.Finally it's an employee friendly company as well as providing quality services to customers.
Awesome culture, great colleagues and extremely good incentives
Super interesting. Smart people. Excellent work-life balance. Good pay.
great work culture, amazing people, ability to connect
Very nice very nice very
Great working atmosphere Lots to learn from your peers
+ Smart coworkers + Lots of development opportunities + Autonomy and flexibility
Amazing food Aside from offering free meals (i.e. breakfast, lunch, and dinner), Google also has 25+ cafes and micro kitchens every 100ft.  Working with Cool Gadgets Conference rooms are wired with everything employees need to make work life easy.  Relaxing break time Googlers can relax after a long day by braving the rock climbing wall, playing billiards, or just relaxing in a self-controlled massage chair.  They Promote healthy living Employees can work out or exercise in the gym during their break time.  Better work-life balance Google researches and conducts experiments internally to determine how to best make employees as healthy, happy, and productive as possible.  Google may be a well-established company but it’s not perfect. However, if working in that big and colorful place is your dream you have to make sure you stand out. Have the best job hunt tools that will show you in the best light possible. Browse through our archives for top-quality resume and cover letter template to be one step closer to achieving your goal.
There is a good focus recently on diversity and inclusion and as a result, there are more awareness in the company around the key challenges under-represented group such as female leadership, LGBTQ, black/hispanic in the U.S face.
Fast paced and easy to get along with everyone
Top management teams are encouraging and thought-provoking
The people and the technology. The laptops they give you are amazing and quick. It’s a real treat to work that this company.
very good benefits but smart people everywhere
get money, a fare amount i think
good time management and friendly
- amazing people - open culture - perks (food, gym, pool, health insurance ...) - lots of trainings, role unrelated and related - flexibility (work from different offices/home) - great management - despite size fast moving - lots of opportunities to get involved in projects outside your core role - being part of a company that is shaping the world we live in
Awesome culture, awesome benefits, awesome total compensation.
good salary and benefit nice culture
salary at google is high
Very flexible, friendly, high salary
You already know about them.
Free food Really cares about their workers Competitive salary Nice and smart co workers
Smart and interesting people. They have a strict hiring policy.
You feel like you're at a company that is actively shaping what the world will be like in the future. And with people who genuinely care about you as a person, and not just another employee.
Working with some very smart, driven and effective colleagues is very engaging.  The scale of work (big) is very motivating. Most clients or campaigns or businesses partners are the tops in their respective industries. As such you're more likely than not to work with big budgets, large user figures, and hot technology.  Corporate benefits are everything you've read -- top-notch health, pension and perks. Pay can tend to be at or slightly below market though.
Friendly Environment & Fair of Talent people. Google also takes care of his employee with better facilities. I just love google.
Plenty of very smart people all around you.
Great environment, free food, nice office space
Unlimited access to globe and Provides good quality Of Services
great products to sell when you are in sales
Good work culture, awesome people around.
All necessities for working were provided. The people who designed the infrastructure, seriously have productivity in mind, but also have kept in mind the needs of the people. Coffee was available at any part of the building through little snack bars. A game center, perfect for when you need a break, but also a gym which most people tend to not use but is there if you wish.
good food and challenging environment
make program on any of problem statement
1] Independence to work on projects. 2] Making a difference. 3] Tangible career/knowledge growth in right areas.
can work from home most of the time
Many perks (free food, gym, etc.), and best coworkers ever. Looks good in your CV.
It Has High Salary. And Good Bussiness People
culture of innovation freedom of expression
Very Good to work in a environment and it's added advantage in working with all together with lots of happiness and joys across
Perks and compensation are amazing
nice man innovative hardworker good campus asy works
Great work life balance Great appreciation of work Chance to take initiative Fast growth Many perks Google takes care of you Opportunities for global travel
Great company with lots of opportunity for growth
Amazing people, food, a lot of social events
Best place to learn, get more oppertunity
benefits are awesome, work is good too
Great salary and good benefits.
Nice and friendly environment to work. Flexible working hours .
great benefits great projects ability to deliver/launch projects within a short time frame collaborative/fast faced working athmosphere
Repas, Gym, Transparency, Feedback, Bottom-up
Lots of clever people and great opportunities to learn and move within Google
Part time job for work
Constant learning, knowledgable supervisors, flexible hours, food, sports, great work environment, professional growth, possibility to move and work from any office.
- perks & benefits - colleagues - company mission & vision - employer brand
Great benefits, offices, tools, food, you name it! A lot of gifted and excited people in the company.
Working here doesn't give you headache. Total peace of mind.
diversity of peoples , salarys, opottunits of developement
Salary and perks, work environment and scale of projects
very good package money and it
Great benefits including healthcare and a competitive salary
There really are None if you know what is really going on within this company.
google is important for life reserch
Still amazing people and good compensation
good work culture  good people  good management  good leads  good food
great company environment to work at
Wonderful place to work, even for newcomers.
Smart people Flexibility at work Side projects available
Fun work culture to work
good benefits for the employes
Great environment and flexible hours.
* tech talks * smart and insightful people * knowledge * impact * good benefits * flexibility (time and career choices)
Great secondary benefits, good salary, positive work environment
Compensation, upbeat culture, clever colleagues, big projects
4 days work great Organization Great environment
A lot of autonomy to define your work Tons of innovation in Cloud
1. Extremely talented people around you every day. A perfect opportunity to learn every moment, be it a meeting, a dinner or a coffee break. 2. Impact - every day you contribute to a project or a product which will bring value to users, clients, or public institutions.
International offices and scope to transfer, salary, people are amazing
Diversity, Incentives, Laid Back, Understanding and Free Food!
Everything is best in the company
good compensation & benefits. work & life balance
I think best for my way.
Free surfing, free food, accommodation is awesome and never pressures employee. Tools comes in handy.
Good pay, perks, and benefits.
atmosphere, people, flexible,support and teamwork
Its Google. Its sums Up everything
Their really care about your well-being and growth of their employees careers. You will find amazing people in this place who will be useful for your life and career, no matter what area you work on.
best reason for joining in this is .. its very easy and work at our comfortable time.
Great benefits, smart people, nice environment.
Very good in providing the opportunities. DEdicated team
great work space and people
salary is very very good
flexible working time space for creatives competitive salary good reputation
Like it i love it
Challenging, good offices, nice colleagues
Outlook, nice interiors, good looking building, good aquarium, beautiful Director HR
Google is an awesome place.
good company but so far away from SF
Food benefits Health benefits are good
Good salary and good opportunities for development.
google has a nice culture
not that bad as it is google
For a big company, Google is remarkable well-run, agile, and responsive to employees. It's remarkable to me that even at Google's size the founders and leadership still get up in front of the company most weeks to answer employee questions.
A mix of a few different things among which: Smart people, Great culture, Impactful projects, Empowering managers, Supportive team-mates
Diversity, challenging, great benefits. multicultural environment
Benefits and facilities are world class.
The culture is very open and valuing respect and self-motivated. The company takes good care of the employees in general so that the employees can focus on work.
Honest smile to any one and make asucess with friends my job and without Selfishness
Great perks, accomplished peers -- you meet people with diverse skills, comprehensive learning and upskilling programs
Innovation , cloud and transformation technology
Challenges Environment Co-workers Perks Salary Peace
Google has many great things such as the free buffet and the games room, nap room and the fact that you don't have to work at desks or cubicles as long as you get your work done.
Good co to work with
Good for growth and learning
I have got very good experience there.I am proud to be a part of google.It pays me more
There are a lot of smart people and a lot of perks.
People are amazing, culture, benefits and perks and opportunities. It has been an incredible experience and would recommend to anyone but be prepared to be top of your game at all times.
Good food Flexible working hours Interesting projects
Good Pay Amazing people Nice benefits: Freebies such as bags, hoodies, sometimes laptops etc.
Great projects to work on.
Its great professional work environment and day to day new innovative idea's attract me to work here, for personal and professional growth i would like to work here. As Their size benefits consumers. They are cost-effective. They can create jobs and wealth.  They adhere to the best brand standards. They help other companies. They help improve standard of living.
lovely people and really want to develop career
famous professional serious need neew challenges
free food, work life balance
Great culture and work experience
The company's culture encourage employees to always do the right thing
Great benefits, great external recognition, when things are going well it is a massively positive working environment with lots of brilliant people.
amazing working atmosphere and environment
It's a great place to work for and a chance to work with some of the smartest people.
Perks, Benfits, Peer group, Opportunities
The interview won't be harder than those famous IB quant position.
Great coming to work for
V e r y g o o d c o m p a n y t o w o r k
It is the best company
Benefits & perks. Work life balance (at least on the Sales & Services side). Exceedingly smart employees, and great engagement from everyone (no passengers here). Focus on people, fairness and inclusion. Company future (growth, big bets).
Great people, professional work environment, great perks, great office and the food is awesome! Especially when you don't have cooking skills ,)
Nice Company, very very nice
You have a lot of opportunity’s to career
Good Salary, hike, culture, location, etc.
Leading the way in IT standards
Chilled out place to work, great socials and opportunity to innovate. Best company intranet so far. Gtech is the coolest.
Good company, peers and perks.
pay and environment is perfect
Amazing people and great everyday products for people
A lot of travel, you have a chance to visit many place and met different customers
good company for new grads
I work in Sales at the EU HQ. There's plenty of pros to call out: - great learning and development opportunities, 1st class training - on the big scale: diverse culture and and an environment that's thriving on that - salary, bonuses and all other perks like free food - events, both professional and fun
Brilliant company to work for
It was a good experience for me
Global management aim to change the world. Compensation modele is so crear and fair
The best company culture and benefits!
Cool experience, excellent colleagues, comfortable office.
Work with very brilliant people.
Smart people Very interesting project to work in
Amazing cool witty wild fun
Great work life balance Fun team with lots of social events Not micro managed Good benefits
there is pros in this company
Good salary, dream work, great prospects, work in the best IT company in the world, work in the most developed country.
very good place to work
* Compensation * Free food and perks * All the interest groups: frisbee, hockey, board games * Great colleagues
Good place to work Learn lot of things
Great place to work. They take real good care of employees.
Google is the best big company to work for on the planet. Period. The culture and openness standout for me more than the free food and drinks. You'll learn a lot from some amazing people from all walks of life. Great work life balance usually but also quite competitive.
1, Perks 2. Smart people around
yeah nice and all, close to my house
can really learn a lot here
Good and free food there
Insanely creative and smart people around you.
Great company and, dynamic people.
Pay standard is still good. Good benefits and perks. Management's efforts for transparency is still better than most companies. People are still better than most companies.
Can grow in the company and have a big opportunity to grow
Well payed and working environment is good as well.
Free food and Employee benefits
Interesting job, great culture and work conditions
Lots of money and holiday
Excellent equity compensation, perks, free food
Its name and and popularity amaong the people
Work Friends all them good and friendly easy funny and 15 minutes from my place One of direct she very kind and always helpful
Perks, co-workers, opportunities for internal transfers.
A lot of great perks for everyone. Really friendly colleagues ready to help you. Fast moving company, you don't really have time for being in your confort zone. Can be sometimes difficult but it helps to grow. Good salary.
Lots of opportunities to learn and grow. Working with amazing people is part of them. Good work life balance and perks.
Free Food, Great People, Stock Options.
nice place to work at google
Awesome working conditions and a wonderful staff.
Great culture. Smart people. Varied opportunities
Smart colleagues who challenge you daily Lots of opportunities to make a difference Perks such as comprehensive insurance, free meals, fitness facilities (inc. pool in Dublin)
The food is very good
Great working culture and environment, multiple career shift opportunities, plenty of learning tools
- Good working environment - Good communication
best thing about google was the salary
it is very good organisation
A lot of cool stuff. A lot of cool people.
very nice environment to work in
- Good work culture - Perks
good work life balance and nice benefits
good salary, good benefits, cool enviroment, incredible culture
Status, colleagues, food, culture, offices
very good, best place to work
the culture, the perks, the work life balance, the free food
salary, people, perks, training, development, food!
If you love coding then this company is for you salary is also good and at last it is Google man
Google is the best company for onlinr job
Challenges, responsibilities, people listen to you. If you make name for yourself, you can become a rockstar in no time.
Great people inside. culture, benefits, free food is pros.
Learning and growth is comparatively more than any one else. Smart people around!
Excellent working experience ,best infrastructure .Here u can learn new things and can do project as well...
All things are going very smoothly.
good environment and good pay salary.
- Great colleagues - Great office with tasty food (free of charge!) - Products that affect millions and billions of people
- lots of comfort at work - great people (not everyone of course, but the majority is great)
good job and a nice place to work
Many extra perks over the paycheck
Culture, Perks, Smart People, Employee happiness
Great exposure to a different type of sales.
Free food and drinks Smart colleagues Strong teamworks because of the management With hope and future if you join a right team/department
crazy benefits, like massage services and dog walking
People, technology, impact, scale, money.
Very exciting and extremely busy place.
Perks Salary Location Travel People
Google is the best for jobs.
Following Pros: Work Culture Work life balance
Smart people, Friendly colleagues, Good managers
best place to work and get experiance
It's a amazing place to work here.I would like to be here
Numerous advantages such as: wonderful people you get to meet, work environment., projects, challenges, general atmosphere, opportunities, events, personal development.
decent pay and good benefits. Lot's of young and like minded people
Benefits Scope and opportunity for growth/internal mobility
Where else can you work at this scale?
Staff lovely great to work with
Really good work atmosphere and work load
can work with the best people in the world
Amazing culture, perks, growth mindset, most employees are very capable
Awesome, smart team mates Great benefits and perks
Awesome Place to Work within.
Great people to work with
There are many pros to working at google. Office environment work life.
it have very open environment to work
Innovative, international opportunities , Google leads the way. Multicultural environment, several perks. Google is a place where you can build a career.
Google office is the reason, where I always dreamed of working.
fun environment and potential for growth
I don't like to work with Google but love the job in Google, it isn't a work for me it's my life
It's a pretty innovative and open-minded company with amazingly great benefits. You'll never regret being as a part of it.
People to work with, scope of jobs and career opportunities, autonomy and trust, perks
Culture, Perks, Smart People, Employee happiness
Account,managment,payment,support mangment.. paymnet site. and accounted
Transparent, talented team, good perks
Thoroughly enjoyed my time there, looks good on CV
My parents best ambitious is me working in Google
great work environment, colleagues and work conditions
free food friendly and helpful employees TGIF
The business idea and team co-ordination was good. I can say best employer to work with.The work nature and culture was wonderful.
The obvious flashy perks are nice, but they're pretty standard at most tech companies these days. There are a lot of structured learning opportunities and a diversity of roles that you can transfer to. The people are generally friendly and very smart.
- Amazing coworkers (super-smart, super-smart, and super-interesting) - Really interesting technical challenges - Working on products that impact billions of users around the world - Great salaries - Great benefits - Who doesn't want to say they work for Google? ,)
The google network has some cool features that should concern its competition
It would be a great experience to work for the biggest company in the world.
Google second-largest company in the United States in terms of market capitalization science google 1 of most well know technology company in the world we need google for everything with out google there is nothing
One of the best company
Huge range of developing opportunities Great perks Amazing people
Fun to be working here
Great people, always collaborative Amazing work infrastructure (facilities, equipment, etc...)
It makes fun games to test And still earn money
Working at google is a dream since i was 17, cause i think this company helps the world a lot and i wanna be part of this.
excellent freedom within role and superb benefits
Job at home saves time and money
Best place to work great atmosphere can do spirit
The environment in last industry is good.
Culture, Perks, Smart People, Employee happiness
Benefits (Food, Facilities, Stock etc)
good working env ,normal life
Breakfast, Snacks, Decent Trait, nice building, Holidays Flexibility
Super Team, Good Location, Nice Office
One should feel proud to work with the google. this is because,the google not only allows you to learn new things but support your new ideas and implementations.
Best Company to work for. Lots of Global exposure. Good salary over a period of time.
Free food and cool recreation place.
it was a chance to try something new
I found Google a very enjoyable company. It is tough work but also extremely rewarding. The location was great also.
on site gym and swimming pool free food interesting people from all around the world
Progressive. Encouraging environment. Always inspiring. Forever changing.
Tangible outcome, c-level interaction, travel, fast changing environment, great brand to sell, learning opportunities, opportunities for internal projects and transfers
Awesome food Treat you as a King
Lots of perks, lots of flexibility
Exposure to top notch professionals, training and prominent senior end user executives.
Best Employer, Good facilities, Free Transport
Google is wonderful and fantastic company where you can learn a lot of things.
join the company for money
I really liked working there.
Great benefits: Great remuneration package, free food, paid insurance, generous share and bonus scheme, maternity/paternity leave etc. In general, you'll find amazingly talented pool of people to work with, flat organisational structure, collaborative environment. Geographical moves are easy and also encouraged within the company.
I assemble google adwords, analytics, adsense tools. They are so cool in this industry,
This company gives their employees a chance to learn and get what they want
Organic growth can be a bit hectic since they have more than 60K employees now
Good environment to learn and develop
Great culture, people are fun to work with
cultre salary people food offcie
great team environment. fun and demanding
Free food, free gym, smart people, flexi time
Nice experience for a field work
Pay. Benefits. Work location in Europe. Good promotional system. Good on CV (reason to leave)
- Good office campus and food! - Swimming pool in office!
Great people, interesting projects, amazing campus and opportunities
Good salary, good benefits, mostly good colleagues
good place to work for
Gooood company ,ha ha ha ha
Flexibility, salary, people, projects, perks
Scale of work - millions of customers
Had a great time working here
Innovation company that likes to hire smart people all the time and continuous growth. I reallly enjoy it's working st the company every day
great working Environment with many smart People, very international, great Spirit, freedom to implement own intended Projects
You will find everyone to be very smart and intelligent the very moment you step on Google. And that is what I like about Google.
Flexible work culture and good learning culture
Highly skilled team of experts for Logistics Services.
There are good perks, and a solid support system.
Everything is fine in this company
Great people, food and offices
The perks of the company, the overall brand experience. The company allows you the opportunity to work on projects and initiatives that are broad, that exposes you to other teams
Lots of free muesli, brunch, working from home which is handy if you live on Mars.
Fantastic work environment for staff at various main offices, great people, great pay, amazing benefits, always on the leading edge of just about everything
Great perks. Great people. Most people are very smart and helpful. Learned a lot in this job.
Surrounded by colleagues at the top of their game. Felt that it was quite clear what was expected of me.
Wonderful people, fast paced, multi cultural
- great people - great opportunities
Very special culture. I had exposure to different technologies and innovative projects.
Good perks, very flexible, quite relaxed atmosphere. Good for first job experience as you get paid quite well compared to other companies.
Flexible working hours (it was a freelance position) I could work at any time, I was only required to complete 35 to 40 hours per week, working not longer than 10 hours per any single day
people are smart and always ready for help
- I work with a wide range of people from across EMEA
At Google , the employees can have free food during lunch . So we can get to know our coworkers more. We have a very friendly work environment at google . Google has its own implementations of everything. It's a highly competitive environment.
Great people , vitality, dynamic environment, food
Good work experience at Google
best experience in life. atleast you know where you stand in a large crowd. thank you thnk you, thank you
Awesome benefits and good multi national multi cultural colleagues, i am asian and they actually thought that every asian knows martial arts!! LOL.
The culture is fantastic, the quality of coworkers is high, benefits are amazing, there is plenty of opportunity for personal growth
Very innovative and dynamic. Excellent people to work with.
Very well looked after. Google goes above and beyond to look after employees
Fantastic culture, great opportunity to move around the organisation
Nice people and nice place to work.
Really smart people and nice culture
-Surrounded by great professionals for an excellent personalized training -A real work-life balance -Broad types of mission
* Job opportunities internal * Perks that take worries away (food, gym, insurance, doctors onsite, parental leave, annual leave) * Overall pretty smart people
very very intellectual setting. great benefits
-fantastic perks and flexibility
Very nice benefits like free laundry, lunch, etc.
it is not good and intolerance..
- Smart people, great culture - All the benefits: free lunch, great office, free gym and swimming pool - Exposure to big clients and big challenges - Quick learning curve and personal growth in first 1-2 years in Google. - Great Company name is the resume.
Great salary, cozy atmosphere, famous, absurd question to hiring
Google provides competitive compensation and perks, flexible work life balance options and the culture is great
Googlers can relax after a long day by braving the rock climbing wall, playing billiards, or just relaxing in a self-controlled massage chair.
Interesting exposure to business, clients and problems. Amazing culture that enables a better lifestyle.
Great place to work, endless opportunities and great perks.
Good and excellent reputed job offer for part time job seekers and for making income and benefits bonus fee etc
Everything you see in the media: food, generous health insurance, the works!  Opportunities for development as a manager and a programmer are much better than made out to be.
Intern community Inclusion from your team
Very challenging and innovative atmosphere. Learning and skill development is highly encouraged. Management is supportive of work-life balance.
Nice office Nice facilities Nice and Simple Neat facilities Supeeb people Nice management
Fun place to work, small teams, work that impacts a lot of people. Huge range of benefits and ability to work temporarily from any office all over the world.
Free food , great salary and great working environment
Nice place to work, learn a lot, great environment.
You work with the most talented people in the world.
interesting work, well paid, good perks
Flexibility of the hours allowing a good Work/Life balance Smart and fun colleagues High salaries, Amazing perks (food, gym, ...) Excellent travel conditions Exciting place to work
Amazing benefits ranging from onsite gyms, a pool, massages to generous salary packages. The best upside is the people.
Good environment, culture, company infra-structure, colleagues always willing to help
- Smart people - Great perks - Good culture - Personal development courses and guidance
People are nice and welcoming.
best nature for job in google with best salary
Best company to start up with
- Free food all day long - Free Gym - Gym Classes - Library - Full of very clever people
Good salary and good atmospher of work
Really great group of smart and motivated people around without too much politics involved.
* All the little perks and benefits * Wickedly smart people * Excellent internal resources such as IT * Great brand
You can learn all the time
Global Exposure Best systems and tools Flexibilities
Personal improvements and growth ,grooming ,Business etiquettes,career opportunities ,life balance , cultures and values.
Even after 7 years still very happy. The quality and calibre of colleagues, the informal work environment, benefits and flexibility offered are incredible.
- Amazing work culture - Amazing people you end up working with - Amazing perks
Great place to work and good pay, great environment
Always the best.No need to say again the benefits
great products / campaigns, lovely and inspiring colleagues, challenging
It's a great company for software engineer without doubt
One of the best companies to work for!! Great international travel opportunities if you are in the right team.
Great company environment. Great pay Great team
nice workplace and salary and friendly colleagues
1. Good work Culture 2. Challenging work everyday
people here are willing to help you
Development, Travel Opportunities, Managing Large Scale Businesses
great work ethic and food it ws lit
* Amazing technology * Working atmosphere * Colleagues * Compensation
I loved it very much
It is a good company to work for.
everything is perfect in google.
The Pros was Good Canteen Food
Food, management, employee friendly.. only for googlers , ambience is nice, people are good and knowledgeable.. fun environment , very good pay..
Google has everything that an employee would expect. Google offers some of the best paid parental leave for new parents. Google also offers a global education leave program, which enables employees to take leave of absence to pursue further education.
good benefits good salary nice working environment
Great benefits, 1 year full payed paternity leave (including bonuses)
Great Perks, great events and diversity
Great food supply, many employees need to be careful about their weight gain, flexible working style, very efficient softwares for internal works.
The working environment is very comfortable. Most people are smart, friendly, and love the company. The total salary package is well over the market rates.
Great team Great Boss Work when I want Feel like i'm part of a team.
People, people, people Free food and ALL the other perks Amazing, world changing technology Fast pace of change - embracing disruption
Great team, culture, learning experience
Interesting work, supportive environment and a lot of trust and autonomy.
great place to work in
Smart co-workers, Friendly atmosphere, Great perks and benefits
Great coffee and food, smart people. Lots of support, and learning opportunities.
- Great colleagues: friendly, knowledgeable, ambitious. - Great products that have impact on millions of users - Great facilities and offices across many countries
country improved and more then then vacancy and company development i work in .
Everyone was very welcoming and very willing to help. I remember one time when I was eating with another intern during lunch and we were discussing how certain Google things work and then suddenly this kind full-time Googler said sorry that he overheard our conversation and would like to tell us how things actually operate. Turns out he was a high ranking Google employee and it was very surprising to be casually around such people and for them to be so willing to help.
Great tech Perfect work life balance Amazing peers
The people, the stretch opportunities and potential for Growth.
Benefits, salary and the physical office environment are hard to beat. If you fit in the opportunities for advancement are there.
Google is an amazing company. It's a place where one can make a significant impact. You always feel challenged and have the opportunity to contribute. I really enjoy getting up for work everyday!
Good, nice place, enjoyed very much, lots of things to learn, lots of perks
- Diversity - Dynamic and helpful teams - Great workplace design to increase productivity
You can work on stable system and will have more technologies to build new product ....
good to work company usefhsjf jawbdjksab
Innovation at its best. Good working environment. Great learning experience. Your ideas and inputs are always appreciated.
Work culture is the best
Massive impact in everything you work on.
Free Canteen for breakfast lunch and dinner. Treats, Parties, Guest speakers, Gym, inspiring leaders. Cool work spaces with a mostly relaxed attitude
I enjoyed working at google
Diversity, Opportunities, competitive salary, benefits, amazing team members, good environment
Fantastic range of perks and benefits A broad range of very talented colleagues from different backgrounds - great networking potential Opportunity to learn, and to move into one or more of many diverse fields Very robust learning and development programs, covering both professional and personal areas
good money and interesting work
- good people - great career options - good pay
Excellent working environment , flexible working hours, good pay , opportunities for career growth , bonuses and very good incentives
working conditions and meeting new people
Friendly, intelligent people. Great working environment, wonderful subsidised massage programme, free gym & classes, food, snacks and a most helpful facilities team. The benefits are great but it's the people that really make it & the opportunities to get involved with huge impactful projects.
Exciting company, tons of opportunities, amazing people.
Strong culture - which is nice, open and friendly. Clear goal - OKR is a great approach to manage performance for both company and individual. Plenty career opportunities.
Great benefits. Daily learning environment. Top of Technology. Great partnership​s. A very focused organization with great employee as.
Best Colleagues , Good work environment , Friendly
Great experience to understand how google works
Surrounded by hard working, smart, professionals. Fairly flat structure. Excellent work-life balance. Room for growth. Pay is sometimes way above industry standards when bonuses and shares are taken into account. Pay increases considerably year to year for good performance. Of course, all the usual perks we know about.
Great team, great work environment with a strong incentive on self-evaluation and performance reviews. It is a very demanding place to work at but you learn a lot!
Good salary brand value career Opportunities Culture and Values
Best people best place to work with. Amazing work environment, always encourages people to learn more about different teams in the company
remote part-time work, bilingual work
great enviorment as well as friendly collegues and heads and always advanced working. supportive and target based projects and faster work great perks.
Philosophy, core products, culture, brand
Lots of responsibility, as much as you can handle. Working on things with a potential for worldwide impact.
google is the biggest multi-tool in the world
Google brand and innovation. Super smart colleagues, young, collaborative, and very fast-paced. Powerful sales tools at your disposal to sell ads. Benefits: free 5 star food, high spec gym, free massage, incredible offices, and personal benefits too. You really feel part of a bigger cause at Google and a sense of pride.
- Work culture - Learning opportunities - Employee benefits
Free lunch, coffee, etc. Flexible work hours. Gym, pool, etc
Free food, massage benefits, good education reimbursement, challenging work.
Brilliant people, best facilities, tools and food, a lot of challenges good leadershio
It looks great in your CV You can learn a lot about online marketing International work environment Free Food, Gym etc.
Great company because of the variety of different people who work there. The employees are incredible people
good working environment. good salary. evrything is pros.
Good time management, smart, hardworking and excellent team working skills.
Freedom! Good on the basis of increment but when you reach ahead of 20K then be ready do get fired as they do not need guys working above 20K
- Great benefits - Smart people - Opportunity to travel with business
Dream company in my case
Environment, Value pairs, equal opportunity. Can capitalise. Need this support for employees to realize and implement. Implementing the cage methodologies.
Good culture, great start for freshers
nice compensation package with caffeteria benefits and great people around. Multicultural environment which is nice to have. free coffee , open office
Peers are really diverse and interesting people
Great perks, food, gym, great people.
Every good you can think of, is Google's pro.
Good pay Outstanding perks Side projects High level of responsibility Good working hours
Inspiring ambition from the founders. People of the highest calibre genuinely attempting to do their best. Accommodating and collaborative environment. Largely a happy place!
Smart people, good food. Great office
Offer a plenty of benefits for you and your family. Challenging but reasonable workload.
great opportunities for one to explore
Very smart people around (though that creates unhealthy competition and most people are way too overqualified for their roles). Ok perks ( though not too impressive specifically in Dublin) Overall comp during the first 4 years is very competitive while the initial stock vests
Very Creative and driven people
My review is focused on the gTech Org, which is a ~5,000 people Org in Google that works on ad integration, helps Sales & Customers with troubleshooting, supports publishers and agencies. The roles in gTech are for example Ad Solution Consultant, Support Specialist, Technical Account Manager, etc.  + Although your Org (gTech) is quite boring, you still have the Google brand and all the Google perks (insurance, food, gym, travel allowance, etc.) + Stock price and great stock package + Smart and interesting people
Great people, amazing perks, and flexibility
Culture- sharing culture where everyone in different departments will work collaboratively People- excellent, bright, ambitious individuals to work with Salary - good high salary Benefits- this includes food, medical, dental, travel expenses, stock Product(s) - exceptional products being rolled out continuosly. Reputation- within Tech sector it is within the top 5 best companies to work for and work with
Supportive, incredibly adult place to work. Focus on being your best self, innovative managers, allows me to be ambitious in my goals. Just an all round great place to work.
Free food, okay career progression, well compensated financially
Great Company to work with
work culture, people, salary, employee benefits, infrastructure
Best perks a company can give. Collaborate with great and intelligent colleagues in a very fast-pace environment, with a wide variety of global career opportunities.
Fun, Challenging, great place for innovation
Great Food, Great, Infrastructure, Great people Good reputation
Super smart people, great culture, great developer tools.
Great Place to work at !
Company genuinely seems to care and serious about about employee welfare - or at least, they've decided it's essential for business.
google is a good for technology learner
Free foods and drinks :D
Benefits, work life balance, management.
Great people, incredible talents. You work knowing that you have an impact and that your job really matters.
Clearly the best pay and greatest work that I can do. Love my colleagues and enjoy their teaching and helping.
Lots of fascinating stuff happening all around you. Strive to be a great workplace. Lots of brand cache.
Flexible hours and smart coworkers.
Friendly superiors. Straightforward tasks that vary often.
Self-management Friendly culture Fair opportunities Trust employees Care what your are interesting
Good organization to work with healthy environment. Helpful leads. Good hierarchy. Good facilities for the employees.
Great colleagues and challenging work. Do cool things that matter.
Amazing growth Transparent Culture Great peers Great perks
- The best benefits I know of in Australia. - Great colleagues (for the most part). - Big, genuine emphasis on diversity and bringing your whole self to work. - Mostly good work life balance, though this does depend on the team and function you work in.
Amazing learning experience, Awesome working environment, Cooperative colleagues, and Friendly environment
Perks, smart colleagues, heaps of cash, products with huge impact
Food gym people are great
You get really good paid and its fun to work here you have alot of free time also, you can work whenever you like
Good pay and work conditions
Flexible in what you are doing with the ability to move between teams and regions.
Alot of learning opportunities if work hard and be in short term opportunities
- Extremely steep learning curve as a fresh grad - Great responsibility right from the first month in a smaller market, where you can have a lot of ownership - Empowerment and no micromanagement - Of course PERKS - food, gym, travel, office, etc
It was a good company.
I have never been bored!
good place to work
Good perks, cool company and poducts
Food to Gym to Flexible Work timings it has everything.
Good atmosphere encouraging individuality building confidence best at services good friends you could make
Great and fun environment at work
payment on time ,with a lot of facilitate
Really good company culture, encouraged lots of collaboration and learning. Set up so people would actually get work down.
Work environment, brilliant colleagues, interesting projects and products. Company culture and management style are very pleasant, helping every single employee improving continuously.
Depends on the team you get hired for. In some teams the learning curve is steep, but levels out after 12-18 months. After that you have to proactively look for new projects and learnings.
- Amazing office space, free food and drinks, gym and pool benefits, nice work environment. - You will make some great friends just based on the sheer amount of people you will meet - Good salary if you are employed directly by google as a full timer. - Targets are easy to achieve. - You dont have to sit by your desk all the time you can work from different places in the office.
energetic, innovative, creative, different, good salary, friendly atmosphere, good food, encouraging employees to learn more, flexible, diversity
I think goole is a best place to works (for me).
Excellent benefits/perks/work environment. Work with amazingly smart people in a fun environment.
I worked on behalf of Google at one of their call centres, receiving inbound customer calls. The pros I could really think of are:  - Decent monthly bonuses. - Friendly staff - Relaxed work environment. - Phones are banned, and must be switched off if carried, so no getting any possible emergency phone calls!
Fun work place ,great food, great people, great benefits and preks.
Amazing learning experience. A job for freshers looking to grow in areas such as sales/ marketing / management. Get to learn in and out of a few Google products such as AdWords, Analytics etc
Good company to work with
Good working environment Cooperative Helping Friendly
Great culture, good learning opportunities
Perks, people, work life balance, great pay, travel to good places, challenging work, learning opportunities, entrepreneurial. Really awesome place to work.
Open, transparent, fun, success, fast
All employee have access to Free food, Gym coaches and other advantages I had the chance to work with awesome co-workers !
Amazing Environment and smart co workers.
To work with bright and inspiring colleagues can be absolutely amazing - but also be challenging as everyone wants to be the greatest ...
Great company with lots of opportunities
Work life balance, technology, learning, and career growth
Great colleagues, work culture, lots of different job option and opportunities to move around
Friendly environment Career growth Big industry name
awesome company. lots of perks. good work life balance. flexibility to change teams. also opportunities to change to SRE if interested.
Great Food Brilliant Perks Good Opportunity to change roles internally
network, great people, benefits, comp
free food, awesome work environment , global teams, exciting work, did I mention the free food?, massages,
Easily accessible, most people love it, multicultural, nice way of viewing the world
Free food, facilities, excellent work environment
Good perks. Awesome work culture. Good salary
smart people, great benefits, interesting work.
A place where people can speak their minds and expect to be heard. People assume the best about co-workers and generally the trust is well-placed. Generally very smart people to work with. Expect to be challenged. Expect to grow.
Amazing working environment and benefits
awesome place to work. friendly and fun loving people. good facilities. great employee
- Smart ppl - Free food - Clear responsibilites - Free shuttles
all the usual Google stuff
Good food, good projects. We get to learn a lot. A lot of freedom to decide the direction of the projects. It was a good experience. It was a good experience. It was a good experience. It was a good experience. It was a good experience.
Innovation, people, values, potential, diversity.
Meritocracy, Responsibility, Googlyness, Data driven, Communication
many : wage, atmosphere, flexibility, smart people
Google is the largest tech company in the world. As an android developer, it will be get more experience and get expert in android field at google work place.
Lots of support and good comradery.
Good money, great work life
At Google you can be sure that most of your colleagues are smart. As a mathematician I learnt a lot there, and I also had the chance to discover a bunch of great tools. Like playing with their knowledge graph to build machine learning models. Also you have a weekly conference on Friday from Larry Page and Sergey Brin, which makes the whole thing even better.
- Dynamic, fast-paced, never a dull moment. - People are highly motivated, dedicated and friendly. - Strong appreciation for data and technology. - Plenty of opportunities for career mobility across teams and offices.
-great environment. -great lunch and kitchen service -great benefits and office perks
Good working environment, good food.
The company nearly adopt you
my skills and company rules and regulations
Good company to work and develop career
A fantastic place to work, lots of perks
A great company to work for, right from the bat you hit the ground running and start to get your hand dirty in meanigful dev projects
Good place to work. Friendly people and lots of benefits
New job challenges and glassdoor office
Great pay, benefits, office, travel opportunities and opportunities to progress and try completely different careers under the same roof.
Great culture and smart people
I am enjoying by doing software project development
Exciting and challenging working environment offering continuous growth.
- Supportive teams and management - Growth inside the company - Great level of autonomy
Love the work life balance
i have learned a lot
great company with very professional peers challenging but rewarding environment
Great place to work, culture and people
Working surroundings, Salaries, Welfare.are the pros of google.
Best friendly free cab cool no target
Impressive people to work with
Food is great, people are awesome, pay is beautiful. Overall, the ambient is very suitable for a high productivity level, which includes flexible hours, good stuff on micro-kitchens, comfortable work desks and so on.
Benefits and the Disneyland brand will impress your friends
Great...people were fantastic and good benefits
Great place to work. If you have a good manager (and most of the SRE managers in Zurich ARE good), you'll always find a way to remain engaged ad grow.
goood company car good communication lovely dinner good people good management excellent management system good company benefit
Learn how to keep your business relevant and nimble. Very process and efficient driven which is a good skill to learn. Best for someone who has 2 to 3 years experience already. Dont make it your first or last job.
+ good compensation + decent work hours + free food on certain days of week + interesting projects + intelligent co-workers, diligent and hardworking
One of the big company and good growth In a organisation
best working atmosphere, best packages
Best place to work. Good work culture
Great company culture and good salary.
Innovation at its very best and truly inspiring for yougsters
free food gym benefits etc
it has good Atmosphere, good benefits and interesting work, so i would recommend this employer to anyone looking for these aspects
Because it is a great company
Good equipment, nice food, free working style.
great people and work ethic
The place is full of amazing like minded individuals
Nice place and perks. Smart people, great chances to learn. Mostly easy going people but keep up, don't stop learning and studying
good one company and welcome
The people without a doubt. Work life balance is usually great, the meals and generally how they realise that a fun environment is inspiring. I learned amazing things that I believe are unique to Google. I love the 'everyone is an owner' culture which drives ppl to be responsible and motivates employees to do over perform.
Good perks: free food, stock options
Google is full of smart people and smart ideas. You need to keep leaning to catch up. Things are changing so quickly that people might feel lost. You need to push hard to find your way.
Work with the best professionals, learning and big salaries.
Very good mentorship in provided by Google Summer of Code organizations.
Good job satisfactory pay work life balance
- Great perks - Super smart colleagues - Lots of growth or change opportunities
Free food, open culture, ability to learn new things
+ You are your own limit - The more you put in the more you can get out + Culture + People + Growth (>20% YoY) = lots of opportunities + Products + Internal Tools and infrastructure i + Inclusive and open Company + Perks (Free Food, Gym, Health Care, Insurance, Christmas Gifts, Parties, ...) + Scale
Amazing, culture, great perks, and feel like you are making the future
Perks, Benefits, Culture, People, Products
You will find here super smart and nice people to work with. The company provides great benefits for its employees
The people, the environment, the work itself, the offices, I just love coming to work and doing my job. I also love the diversity initiatives that allow you to really be yourself.
Wonderful work environment was really happy
Good atmosphere, can learn a lot from working there and enjoying the experience
Helpful seniors, Exposure to large resources , incredible office .
Great perks and amazing people to work with
Google is awesome, food was great, and the teams were great.
lived a helth life Support the love ones Finantial suport
really enjoyed the free lunch
every thing is good! work/life/city every thing.
Really good benefits, smart and collaborative colleagues, lots of perks
Amazing culture and calibre of talent
So much to learn, alot of room for progression
a lot of flexibilities, culture is quite good,
Open and collaborative people, great perks, growing industry
great companey, best company for smart and nice people!
- competitive pay - good benefits, generous perks - work with smart people
The People Work life balance
Very good place to work
Great culture and opportunities for exploring different areas.
Good people, good culture, challenging problems, good pay.
Always Learn new things and meet new amazing people
Every day brings new learning, skills, and experience
- Lots of interesting work and teams - Focus on diversity, new ideas, learning and development - Best benefits - Usually pretty flexible about working from home, travel - Great culture
Great Flexibility to the maximum
Work with talented people. Culture is generally friendly to introverts. Good food, lots of other benefits.
Transparent and talent oriented firm.Rewards good performance.Its a fun place to work and after all its Google so you have all the goodies of working with Google
* Great (friendly, smart and experienced) co-workers. * Big scale and thus interesting challenges. * Perks and benefits. * Somewhat bigger transparency in its internal politics. You can publicly criticize decision made even at high level. * Moving between teams is easy including into offices in other countries and cities.
The Culture, transparency, and perks at Google are incomparable. The people in your team make it a great place to work. The company culture is open fostering transparency of work.
New Challenges Team Culture great benefits
Amazing benefits (you've all heard about the free food, health-cover, stocks, etc). You'll get to work with really ambitious and smart people which will push you to improve and grow professionally.
Wonderfully, smart, motivated people who encourage a balanced work/life.
-Working with some of the smartest and driven people -Working on cutting edge technologies and products that millions of users use -Culture -Perks -Great career options
Google attracts and keeps talents with its competitive salaries.Apparently, working at Google is the best part about working at Google. Makes sense.
Your peers are one of the smartest people ever. They will help you whenever you need, and the company culture is awesome.
Work-life balance, nice office space, great peers, great compensation, wide-open access to tons of interesting things, even if what you are working on isn't at the moment exciting.
There is room to pursue international experience, as well as vertical and horizontal growth. The team is high level and there is fast pace and constant challenge to grow further.
Benefits (travels, food, global medical insurance), remuneration structure, culture, work life balance, opportunity to learn, receive trainings, great colleagues - smart, friendly. Vision for the future
Good ambiance,with many intelligent people around you. The environment for scaling up in your life is very high
Awesome colleagues, can express your ideas, can learn a lot
Google is huge, lots of fun, everyone is easy going and helpful
Amazing colleagues, big challenges and fast growing environment
Work life balance, and awesome restaurants
good work& life balance, nice people
Excellent benefits, great people, good pay, very stable and strong company.
great working culture and access to the world of Google
Lots of perks Great co-workers with best educational credentials. Lot to learn.
- Amazing office space, free food and drinks, benefits, very nice work environment - You will make some great friends just based on the sheer amount of people you will meet - Good salary for a first job (not so much later on) - Targets are easy to achieve and you can have a great WLB if you know what you are doing - Easy to hide in such a big company, no problem to run off for a few hours and go for a nap or play PlayStation (as long as you are performing well no one cares) - Very interesting product with many layers of complexity. You can learn relevant product knowledge if you want to bootstrap something later on.
nice, friendly, always learning something new
Great perks and work life balance
Great people. good work-life balance, good perks: food, gym etc.
great people and great culture, amazing benefits 8food, gym, healthcare) onsite doctors, bank etc interesting projects opportunity to visit other offices worldwide
exciting projects, great benifits, smart coworkers
International company with many possibilities
Best place to work, open culture, friendly people. Open platform to experiment and juggle between projects. The company really cares for its employees in every possible way, which makes it easy to extend working hours and contribute more.
Pre good with fun activities
Google is just an amazing place to work at. The salary and the perks are great, but the most amazing thing about Google is the pepole. Everyone are super smart - you can always learn from others, but they are also nice, always willing to help and happy about their job. In addition there is always the feeling that you do things that matter, and an atmosphere of "we want to and we can change the word". There are tons of career opportunities and options to grow. Management encourages innovations and pushing your own ideas.
Really value people for their achievements, they took the risk many Tech companies do not want to take : trained agency Recruiters from the ground up and got me where I am today. Very grateful, extremely pleasant experience.
Interning at Google was among the best experiences I've ever had. You are valued as a full-time employee from day one, and are given great responsibilities (for which you are directly accountable). Learning opportunities are beyond anything I could imagine
its a multicultural environment or working
Great people, great pay.
Dream work. The Office is so good that does not feel like one.
Learning opportunities Business Responsibilities -ownership Client facing opportunities Dynamic environment
- Fast pace environment - People & Culture
Its great to work at google
Best place to work, open culture, friendly people. Open platform to experiment and juggle between projects. The company really cares for its employees in every possible way, which makes it easy to extend working hours and contribute more.
Marketing and Advertising Intern at Gordon Google House. Such a beautiful company, great atmosfere and encourageable environment
- good money - work/life balance - interesting people
Google focused on providing the best user experience possible.Google has everything that an employee would expect from like incentives,travel insurance,death benefits,Google offers its employees one of the most innovative work environment cultures. Google cares so much about innovation.so,i think google is the best platform to perform.
- Great training when you start off to help understand the product - Fantastic and extremely intelligent peer group - Great facilities - food, gym, free transport etc - work with a bunch of different geos
Collaborative, Fun, Smart People, Perks, Big Impact
Free Food Lots of Responsibility Opportunity to Progress Quickly
Various perks are available to staff
Google has a great culture, awesome perks and cool offices. The food and offices are great. Hours of work are pretty flexible.
stable, good, good salary, good employees
Very good place to work for. Great and smart people
Help the community. Transports people on a dayly basis
I liked working for this company. It was a great company with lots of benefits and good perks
Great workplace as must be unanimous. Google knows how to take care of its people.
It was an amazing experience in there! I met a lot of amazing people over there and I want to work for them.
Everything was very cool, best place for interns.
Technical opportunities are there if you seek out the opportunities to prove yourself, despite what you may be hired to do. Hard work toward technical results can be showcased if you continue to build your own professional network within the company. Although Dublin is removed from Engineering, you may be lucky enough to get a 20% project with MTV. You will meet people from all different cultures and background, although they are typically single, young, and unexperienced, which doesn't fully equate to a diverse workplace.
- Fantastic environment - Great colleagues, super smart - Continuous learning opportunities - Competitive perks and benefits (swimming pool, health insurance, free food all day long...)
Good work environment Nice place to work Talent is appreciated Paid vacation free food And lot more
It's high tech and amazing
smart colleagues, perks and benefits, competitive salary
Great company, lots of opportunities to learn and nice people.
Great Environment Learning Culture Benefits Supportive management Chance to participate in great projects with the biggest companies
Absolutely great environment to work. Fantastic team mates. An environment that is conducive to growth and curiosity. Encouragement and support from all directions.
Competitive compensation, great perks, flexibility on working hours. Working spacing is really nice as well. Great managers. Possibility to communicate ideas as junior team member
Too good for searching the internet stuff.
Awesome place to work with, good environment and facilities
good environment to work for freshers
excellent working environment with world class facilities
Great pleace, Salary, learning more and more...and there have opportunity for get better life...and i like Google group, Everyone wanna work there
I really like Google. It's a place where you get a chance to stretch yourself to full capacity. You work with extremely smart people.
A lot of fun, great people
One of the best place to work in. Perks are in general excellent and give to the worker a lot of independence and trust. Management is great, and there is plenty of grow opportunities all over the world
Working in a very chill workplace, you have plenty of free food provided, the manager is so easy going and beautiful
The salary and the food provided was very, very good
Google's stringent hiring standards has created a company with excellent employees and a great environment to work in. Colleagues are extremely intelligent, driven, diverse, and accepting.
Amazing people who are really talented and bright, loads of employee benefits
Great place to work, really enjoyed my time there. Gt to work on some really cool projects and integrate with different teams. The food is good too
The projects are Challenging...and great Environment & Food,
-They do everything they can to help you be happy, productive, equal etc. -The perks really help you run your life smoothly -The people you get to work with are mostly amazing.
- really smart people, great work environment
Best company that I have worked so far.
Woww google yes it is what an organisation really impressed now i am full rich
Good open work environment. Really friendly staff.
Smart people. Doing the right thing.
Good reputed company in the world. Enjoying working here.
- Benefits of Google employee can be found anywhere. - Learn new things, make new stff
Great perks, good options to move to different teams and locations
Good place to work. Nice Culture, balanced hours. Cool perks, not much pressure.
Google really makes you feel that they really care about you. Everything is well organized, people are really friendly. You will also get a lot of opportunities to grow your career.
* If you're a software engineer, you're among the kings of the hill at Google. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused). * The perks are amazing. Yes, free breakfast, lunch, an dinner every weekday. Aaaaaamazing holiday parties (at Waldorf Astoria, NY Public Library, MoMA, etc.), overnight ski trips to Vermont, overnight nature trips to the Poconos
- good salaries, good environment to work at - fully coopertaive team, working in the us, competitive people
Learn tot of things in our platform.
Great, Changing, Global, Food, Learning
Challenging workplace that keeps you sharp. Inspiring environment to get/keep your creative juices flowing. A great culture that works best as a cohesive unit, rather than individuals.
Got to learn awesome stuff.
Great people, great environment and great food, everyone is very warm to help me with my work. Lots of great party after work.
Highly intelligent and friendly colleagues and managers. Senior management trusts about employees and often takes time to share business insights.
Firstly the annual stock bonus is Awesome also the paid holidays and the unpaid one's are the perfect match for us a base salary of $150k and signing bonus of 50k adds up to the fortune for the total compensation.
Experienced mentors, excellent pay, world class projects
Great people and leadership Fantastic perks and office
Perks and benefits, good vacation and bonus. Paid maternity and paternity leave
Food, Massage, Environment, Learning opportunities
Work life balance, innovative, culture
It's Google:   - The teams I worked with were pretty strong   - The infrastructure is interesting to work with   - The benefits are great (in Zurich)
Very Good company to work in.
Many benefits, meals, gym, full health coverage, multicultural and interesting. Many company events and personal development path. You have the chance to meet talented people from all over the world.
- Free food, perks, working for the leader
The best about working at Google is the people that work there. The environment is incredibly friendly, everyone is willing to help you, your manager cares about your personal careers goals... Really, the food, the massages and the relax rooms are something secondary.
big platform and great company
Awesome colleagues, free food, office space & core values
best benefits including free lunch and delicious snacks. work-life balance.
It is a great company. There are a lot of opportunities for internal transfer. Free food, free gym. Very qualified co-workers
Great benefits and great compensation
It's a place where each and every person is valued for their contribution to the company. For so long, being an EA has felt like an inferior position to many but at Google, you are considered as one of the team. Working somewhere with minimal hierarchy is a breath of fresh air - the benefits and food are also out of this world! Dream job and company
myriad of opportunities, open culture
Incredible offices Outstanding benefits Good salary Fantastic colleagues and culture Best company you could have on your resume Lost of internal movement. After a year you can apply to pretty much any other role internally and globally I would recommend working for Google to anyone. If you get a job offer you should accept it
Very good work,life food.great projects care and fun.i love it here.
Best environment for fostering creativity. Allowed for good team bonding and stent strategic partnerships amongst colleagues. Overall a great experience. Highly recommend.
- nice work environment - good life - work balance - CEO and employees were passionate about their product and photography in general
You get free food! They have the best facilities and conference rooms, which really inspire and encourage creativity. Good pay.
it was ok the staff were good and the timings were okay
-Free food, drinks, snacks -Great offices with lots of fun to be had -Surrounded by bright people -You'll be heard
Extremely freindly environment. Good competition and learn a lot.
Great candidates and friendly hiring managers. Everything is decided according to data so it takes the issues out of making decisions and allows for the best decision to be surfaced.
Really good working environment, friendly co-workers.
Great minds all around, awesome free food, great office, lots to learn
best job ever, i just cant explain how good this job is...such a good times in the office..we we`re always free to share our ideas
Great benefits and work life balance!
Perks. Lots of food, vacations, discounts. The company treats you like Royalty.
Great culture  amazing perks  great food !!!!!
Awesome facilities and treatment. Interaction with experienced and brilliant employees.
Great culture, benefits and coworkers. If you like working with challenging technical problems I can't think of a better place than Google.
It's a Google office, that's all you should need to know.
The best working environment to work with and can working here is a day to day development for ua mind and career as well
It's Google, many interesting things to do there. Many opportunities to grow. Many perks and good smart colleagues.
Freedom to practice your hobby alongside work :)
Growing company,lot of scope to grow
Best opportunities to get your Carrier settled, looks very professional and very resourcefull, find some new skills to gain more. This company is very resourcefulness for the Bachelor candidate.
Good Company for the starters
great place to work at ,very much recommended
Best company you will ever work with
Very good company to work for. Good managment
Google is the best place to work. The timings are flexible and the salaries are good
Innovative environment, no bureaucracy , fast decisions
Salary, environment, work/life balance, learning and growing opportunities
good company, good people,great experience
It's as good as what everyone says - great people, great perks, great work.
Friendly, transparent and honest company to grow with and to gain tons of experience. You'll come out a very confident and content person.
No need to describe the pros for Google.
Interesting issues, best workplace, good colleagues
Benefits, Perks, Salary, Peer Bonuses,
Interesting problems at Google scale. Great, smart work colleges. My team is small and focused. Great benefits.
" If something is wrong with you and you believe in a higher power, then you'd have to believe that the higher power makes mistakes. Do you? "
great place to work ,nice culture
Google is top most esteemed company in world. I Am very proud and want to be part of it.
fun,interesting, excting, good salary, wonderful people
Great technology, great people. It really is motivating and fun to work here if you like technology.
I suggest it is very good company
Great working environment. Free Food, Cab Facility
Good to Work in Google
Great work environment. Smart people. Everyone is passionate.
- Coworkers - Challenges - Dynamic Environment - Amazing personal and professional growth
The culture is something that I really appreciate at Google
- Great working environment - good atmosphere - cross functional collobration
Typical of tech firms: great perks that you not gonna get to use much anyway (gym, ping pong, snack...)
Smart people. Free food. Lots of interesting work.
flexibility, compensation, culture, balance, colleagues
Work at a top company with great culture.
Besides the compensation package as a whole (perks, remuneration, stocks), which is good, the company culture is great. You meet great and bright people and get to work with some of them.
You will work with some of the smartest people in your field, and always have opportunity to learn new things.  For the US it has a quite good corporate culture with much individual freedom. Compared to the Nordic countries in Europe, it's about par for the course compared to startups and smaller companies.  Compensation is good, but is also geared towards keeping you at the office more (food benefits and various services etc).  Privacy concerns are taken seriously, access to personal data is, contrary to popular belief, very hard to get. You will be able to play with aggregated, anonymized data.
Google is a great company, the take care of their emplyees and make them feel appreciated. The pay is very good and the benefits are awesome. Working environment is great and you feel like your work is actually doing something for other people.
It is good company for learning
- Great people - Great culture - Great products - Innovative spirit  Overall the company is focussed on success of the product and also of the people. There is good coaching program where the goal is really to move the people forward.
interesting work. "free" lunch. (also sometimes breakfast and dinner depending on the office.) toys and gimmicks include gym, pool tables, . SRE and SWE teams are treated very well.
Great place and team environment
Good volunteer opportunities for a young person
good to work. lot to learn
A lot of impact, Interesting People
A Fantastic place to work, good benefits & get to work with the latest technology. Good vision for growth & of course the 'Google Experience"
good company good money not bad pay
Smart people, great environment, nice perks (pool, gaming, music, gym, etc) great industry, reputation of the company - just awesome
itt is an amazing company good. very very good.
Entrepreneurial fun, full of smart, ambitious, open minded people. Healthy chaos, healthy disrespect for experience.
Free Food Free cab ,Full Fun
- Great environment - cordial and brilliant Co workers
Good opportunity for first job after graduated.
It is fun working in Google. Work culture is amazing. Very competitive atmosphere. Talented people to work with.
good and fun working with them
Google is a company with pretty good culture. You will get a really good salary and a lot of amazing benefits.
There is a Good salary Good environment Great colleagues Comfortable
Its is better than good. Android lover and dream to work at Google. Its really a good experience to work at Google.
Amazing place for collaboration and learning to work with a team, ability to question the rationale for any decision being made, pampered to the next level with all the perks
Fantastic team members, lots of benefits, fast paced and challenging.
Work Culture is great and Managers are good human beings. Place is chilled out and people are fun. Free food, travel will help you save more
Fast paced and amazing working environment. It is truly a learning experience like no other! If you want a career in tech then this is the place to be
Best infrastructure in the world. You can learn a lot.
Amazing people, huge automation expertise, operational excellence
nice place to work in google
Culture and better understanding of the employment
Smart people, awesome perks, flexibility and work life balance
food, enjoyment, colleagues, super facility cabs, meetings fun session
- Nice perks - Nice enviroment
Great food and relaxed environment
Great place with lots of extra perks and benefits.
Salary, offices, massage, benefits, people. Google looks after you, from food to flexible working hours. If you are geek that loves tech this is a place for you.
Great company to work for, they look after you and you are surrounded by super smart entrepreneurial people.
Best Organization ever to work for
Work balance is good. Team members are helpful
* Overall flexibility (hours, working remotely/office) * Good initial compensation structure * Strong and skilled people in technical areas
good pay if you put in the work you can earn extra money. this way money stacks up. Annual reviews with pay upgrades but no downgrades.
Awesome culture as you would expect. People are smart and easy to get along with.
Difficult to beat Google! Best perks and benefits in the industry....Amazing opportunities to work on side projects, to travel, to meet fantastic people. This is actually valued & encouraged even if it means less time on your core job - but you need to show you can manage your time well.
perks are awesome. Flexible work timings. No micro managing. Competitive salary and bonus.
Free food, lot's of interesting and clever people and exciting work to collaborate on.
big name, learning environment, grogressive carrer
Good work/life balance Office space is very nice Good location - very central You're always working beside a great group of people
Google is a great company and I feel its values and its mission is still what it makes such a great company. You feel that the work that you do really have an impact on people, that's the most beautiful thing about working at Google.
Google has highly talented engineers and great work culture. The food is also very good. One can learn a lot from colleagues.
Google does have a strong focus on keeping us happy. And compared to a lot of of places, I have to say that they are doing great. Competitive salary, diverse roles, great culture with inspiring people around you. Work/life balance is a focus as well.
Workstyle is so flexible, not the 9 to 5 regulation.
Amazing perks, amazing co-workers, unique ability to influence the world.
Very fair culture and advanced technologies to compete strongly against IT giants. Good and positive culture combined with excellent working environment.
Fun to learn & work, Great perks, Nice offices
Good work environment. Keeping on learning new technology, Independent work. Flexible working hours
Perks Great colleagues Easy commute to the office Great city to live in
Just like what you probably saw on TV/YouTube, the work environment is laid back and you get to work with so many smart and hard-working co-workers. Free breakfast/lunch/dinner are awesome of course!
Amazing place to be as a new grad. You learn valuable best practices, are surrounded by smart people. The learning opportunities are endless.
Good colleagues, fun work environmernt, and solid management. Great autonomy when you work for the local office.
Free swags and grub. Clipper card
It i a very pretigious company and it offers great benefits and it has good compensations and oportunities for growth
Learning a lot from them
Culture of collaboration and non-hierachical structure remain strong. Great perks of course, food still great! Exciting projects still available.
No beating around the Bush. You do well, you're recognized and compensated well. You cannot portray something that you didn't do.
stability, salary, central location, work
Diversity, culture, past paced environment, wide range of projects & entrepreneurial, on-site gym, cafes, free food and chill out areas
Great place to be working at. Smart people, great projects.
Great co-workers, nice benefits/salary.
Adds value to your skillset and experience. You learn. Huge stipend !!
It is easy to roll eyes when people from Facebook say how open their culture is, but it's true, it's more open than any other place I've worked at. In such a great company, secret projects, public incidents, important non-public business metrics and the like are all openly discussed.
Really enjoyed the team, super smart people, cool offices. Offers great exposure to a growing field as well as fantastic perks ranging from massages to delicious food.
Great food. Excellent Employee Satisfaction.
Great environment and good place to learn. All the employees are nice to each other.
Lots of interesting things to work on
Everything about Google is fantastic!
- Good CEO - Positive Aura - Free massage
Excellent company benefits & perks (free gyms, peer bonuses, 3x five start hotel's free meals, lots of fresh fruits, snacks and free drinks). Love the office environment esp enjoy working with smart and talented people who drive the proactive working culture, sharp & analytical data based discussions, human respect and endless positive things about the company.
To be a part in a great team
great experience. high engagement with different departments. high access to content and training. people overall very friendly and happy.
Everything's great, nice, good cooperation between colleagues. Plenty of food so you won't starve. Low daily expense. Great global network.
I love to have good job opportunities and I love working :) and also the workers there are great people
Great Work culture Amazing freedom to work on your projects
Any one has to work for his/her life and family. Work is also one of element to be social.
People, supportive hr interesting work
cooperative and outstanding work culture
Great breadth of experience and impact.
free food and snacks health insurance employee discounts job training
Good well known world wide tech company pays a good salary and good and benefits
Great colleagues, friendly office, growth and development opportunities.
Great work environment, flexibility around your work location and hours (depending your role and manager of course), amazing teammates, and good compensation.
Taking great care of their employees, amazing perks and benefits, lovely and like minded co-workers.
Nice working environment. Smart colleagues. Systematic.
I was an intern in 2015 and I learned so much, the staff was friendly and salary good.
it's the best place to be for interns.you get good salary and great work culture
Very good environment every thing is very good after all its Google.
Great Place to work, cares about its employee.
- Great benefits (healthy, free food, gym, great health insurance) - Contact with bleeding edge technology - Fantastic opportunities to learn about all aspects of business - Great internal tools - Competitive salary - Great colleagues - very nice and intelligent people
I got a lot of freedom on my project. My host was very helpful and cared for my success.
- Good working culture - Working with super smart and positive colleagues
Food, People, Transparency, Cutting-Edge, culture
Interesting roles. Good on-boarding process. Easy to change teams and location. Attractive compensation.
Lots of perks. Good leadership. Useful products that impact a lot of people. Genuninely on a good mission to improve information access throughout the world.
The people are great. Smart, caring , hard working. The offices are fab. Excellent showers, gym, canteen, etc. The benefits are good. The work is interesting and varied.
Be expertise digital advertisement and top level salary,the other compensation and benefit. Work environment is also excellence.
Good food and great colleagues
Loads of info. Access to the whole advertising market. Tons of networking.
Free food, Great people, Good work life balance.
Great work environment, great team. Chances to work with various type of SMBs businesses
Good company to learn new products & innovate.
The pay is good, you can get away with doing very little if that's your thing, the food is great.
Very dynamic environment with amazing opportunities to learn and develop. Google is one of the best employers in the world, for a good reason.
nice place to work i would recommend some one definetly
- Smart people - All the perks you'd expect
The company is made up of small teams and they are able to make most of the decisions on how to implement something
Smart people, Good culture, perfect personal-work life balance.
High salary and benefits. You are part of top brand.
Great work culture, swift environment, your work speaks for you
Great work atmosphere Location and fod
You get to work with the most talented people in the world and this is amazing. Besides, the company takes care of almost everything for you and it makes life easier for employees.
Good to work here Health work environment
Excellent company values and great work life balance
Challenging, great work-life balance.
Besides truly gorgeous office spaces, Google provides its workers with a lot of perks, and some former Googlers
Nice Working Environment, Great Facilities
Great benefits, friendly atmosphere. Management were helpful with what ever problems I had. Lots of opportunities for promotion
Good salary, good benefits, great career opportunities
Amazing work culture, cutting edge work, flexibility and independence, awesome food
Google is already big company with 60k employees. I could meet various types of innovators. I could learn many things from my peers.
Some amazing people, of course the most amazing internet product ever created.
All the benefits that everyone already knows
Great opportunity for developing as a professional. Great benefits available to all employees such as provided food and snacks on site and at all times.
Comfortable office, free food, discounted massage, fun quarterly parties, good business trips and offsites abroad if you are lucky. Great as a starter job in your 20s.
They really take care of their people and there are endless opportunities to get involved in the long run
Competitive Salary, Great work atmosphere, High Quality of employees, Challenging but in a positive way
Benefits, culture, salary, facilities, leadership, passion, work/life balance
Great culture and opportunities to grow. Work with some of the smartest people
Exciting projects and excellent people
- great culture, focuses on doing the right thing for the customer and the user - small teams, expected that you drive change and innovation - amazing co-workers - amazing facilities and manager support vs any company I worked for
great place to work with
- Open minded work environment - In general pretty efficient work environment
Good Culture and Salary, amazing perks and offices
Good perks, free food, culture, work with so many different types of people, bike to work scheme, gym, shares in company if FTE
Outstanding organisation, meritocratic environment, great role.
Great perks, free food, relaxed atmosphere, great people. Very much a great place for an internship. Learnt a lot.
it is a good company i m interested in this
Always something new to learn and develop
it was so great, good pay package, friendly people. I loved it
Content look appealing to the client’s audience.
Freedom to work Various benefits Nice culture
Nice work-life balance and food.
I joined Google after my master and one year experience in a big corporation. After a year I still feel like going to school thanks to all the opportunities to learn offered by the company. Overall the company provides great perks and benefits, decent wage and a great respect to their employees. It is also great to work in such a diverse environment with a lot of talent around, most of the time it is empowering to work together as people try to find solutions to problems rather than problem to solutions
High pay compared to other local companies. Good work lift balance here in Kitchener New office is good.
good company to learn the things
Well payed, no micro management, responsibility, meals, reputation.
A lot of responsability, exciting projects and awesome team
Innovation, flexible, continuous learning, self-growth, work life balance
Environment, food, people, products, culture
Every person have He work with a Reputed Company & His Work Use full & helpful For A those Compny who Allready very Large against Compititor
Great people with amazing ideas, a lot of opportunities to learn and develop your carrer.
Good atmosphere and getting to work with new technologies which unleashes the adaptability in an employee which is the most important aspect in being a software engineer
The benefits and compensation are great. The company encourages investing in further professional development. The working hours are flexible and the people are great. You can also work on side projects
It is a well known company and It provides you lots of opportunities to grow and gain new skills
Great people, great compensation
Great culture, great company, very good salary and benefits. Exciting projects
Bottom Up Company, great benefits (free food and Drinks, a Barrista, and much more), great help to get started in ireland, great people, great team and lots more!
I like google... I like to work there
Good benefits such as dental and health. Great job and good atmosphere especially for people with little to no experience. Easily settled in by colleagues.
Free food and great compensation policy.  Travel policy is enlightened.  Smart colleagues, but not the highest density of smarts I've worked with.
- gehalt - sozialbenefits - atmosphere - culture - people
Very well paid very good working environment very good hours
Pros are: Smart people yet humble Great work ethics Very good perks and they always surprise you over and over again . A lot of High impacting projects for a large scale company like Google.
Outstanding Offices and a lot of support shown by the employs and management.
Best food and best facilities
Potential to work on products used by millions / billions of people. Smart, friendly, fun co-workers. Good compensation & benefits. Fantastic internal development tools and learning opportunities.
Working on important projects, great working conditions, smart people.
- Interesting projects - Outstanding perks - Great support when you are just beginning
It's a great environment to work and lot's of opportunities to grow professionally
It's Dreamland, need to be extremely lucky to get there.
Awesome environment, interesting job, many benefits
Best software company ot there
Good compensations good benefits you learn all about several products from Google. Good environment Good team
Lots of perks: free food, nice office which looks like an amusement park, massage on-site, gym on-site, clever co-workers, interesting tasks.
Best summer I have ever had. Wonderful team, smart tutor, friendly colleague, nice working space, lots of things have leant, also big progress.
If you're a software engineer, you're among the kings of the hill at Google. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused). * The perks are amazing. Yes, free breakfast, lunch, an dinner every weekday. Aaaaaamazing holiday parties (at Waldorf Astoria, NY Public Library, MoMA, etc.), overnight ski trips to Vermont, overnight nature trips to the Poconos
Pros and Pros every where.... not to seen this type of company very good cultural
Nice atmosphere. Fringe benefits.
great perk and good mobility
Great personal development options in training, coaching, etc. Stock option plan is nice. Colleagues are very friendly, no nasty backstabbing culture, and smart! Food!
fantastics, good payment, intersting culture free snacks
it was a great environment
Free lunch and overtime dinner, Excellent culture, Stock options and grants
I work here because tre is a lot s if jobs for me every day
Smartest people, aggressive culture, good pay and amazing benefits = Google!
- excellent work environment - work-life balance - no micromanagment
good salary, fantastic perks that are hard to match, unique work environment, people working at Google are fantastic, working on new exciting products
interesting work, free food, great teams!
Work, Benefits, Colleagues, Location, Company Reputation
Good work-life balance, and competitive salary.
Excellent working conditions.give you the opportunity to work with the brightest people from all over the world
Great work life balance and opportunities.
You will work some very smart people, nearly all of whom are passionate, driven and focused on the customer. The collaborative team culture is amazing. People here will go out of their way to help each other, even if they don't know each other. "Yes and" rather than "no but" is far more common and there is an infectious positivity everywhere. Clearly some great perks with the food which is amazing in London and San Francisco, pretty good in Dublin and passable in Mountain View. The work-life balance is exceptional and managers will often go out of their way to support you in your personal choices and career aspirations. The separation of Google under Alphabet was necessary from a business point of view and now makes it very clear what the business side of the organisation is and does: it is a huge branding and advertising agency designed to make as much money as possible from it's ecosystem. If you are not happy facilitating this mission statement as your day to day function, then it's best to learn to code and join some of the other areas in the business so you can focus on the user rather than the customer. That being said, money is made with a smile, mostly through looking after the best interests of the customer and there have been some genuine drives to put longer term customer success (for the bigger SMEs and large customers) as a benchmark for success alongside revenue.
Great benefits and atmosphere. The people are generally great and you will make great friends there. Free food and drinks is a big plus.
The great people, atmosphere, benefits (free food and gym) were the best part of Google. The culture is very 'Googley': nice and friendly. Helping where possible.
A place where people come together and produce great ideas
Very friendly atmosphere. Easy to change projects
Awesome people, great benefits and loads of opportunities
dedicated team, good work culture,provides good facilities
Travel, Innovative, smart and diverse team,
Very open company! I love the job!
Fantastic, fast-paced environment where you're surrounded by some of the smartest people in the world. Inspiring founders and leaders at all levels of the company. Amazing perks from free food, to amazing gyms and onsite massage therapists.
Amazing people, passion for cutting-edge technology, start-up kind of environment
Google is one of the best company in the world, Best pro is its environment and culture.
- Amazing team and work culture in a young and international hub - Great work-life balance - Empowered to work with your own projects, develop strategies, etc.. - Little to no micro management - A city of its own in the office (Dublin HQ location) with gym, doctor, dentist, pool, café, game rooms...etc.
Dis is my dream nothing else
Great place to work, excellent perks
amazing 401k. Has 50% match and great list of funds (vanguard). eligible for HSA as well.
- a lot of autonomy - you definitely learn about the online industry and your updated on all the news if you are a technology fan - still quite flexible when it comes to internal opportunities even if this is starting to decrease slowly
smart colleagues, great transparent culture
It all good find anything support of all and service is great, would suggest it to friends family and the whole world
Free food, great perks, Golf
Best Company in the world, It is google montreal
Food, drinks, people , option and toys
Good work environment. Very advanced performance evaluation system.
Its the best place to work. free food, exciting work opportunities. best place to work in america
very good, trustworthy,easy work life,awesome atmosphere and free food. very informative approach to work and also hardworking HR guys.
Best place to work with smart people
It’s pretty well documented that Google has a unique culture. It’s not the typical corporate culture. In fact, just by looking at pictures inside many of Google’s premises, you can see that they look more like adult playgrounds, not places to work.  Google provides an amazing work environment, excellent pay and benefits, brilliant people, and some of the biggest internet services in the world. Google has people who’s sole job is to keep employees happy and maintain productivity.
Special Access to Chromebook products and training by Google Team Lead Very large google Office and very friendly colleagues
Great, dynamic innovative company. Certainly will be on the cutting edge of technology for the long-term. Very smart people, engaged professionals on the team.
Good work ethics Perks Fun projects! Lots of friendly staff
best environment, great food, colleagues are helping each other
- Work with all smart people - Flex hour including working from home - Great perks and benefits, including medical etc - Good name in the industry - Potential to learn a lot of things, including language
Best boss ever Very good payment and social benefits Really nice start-up work enviroment
I have the ability to prove my knowledge, and taking efforts as per any conditions.
Dynamic, fast-moving global projects with high calibre, motivated and efficient people from across the world...Opportunities for regular travel and good perks like health insurance, food and travel allowance, etc.
The working environment is very good with a good talent in the offices.
Great pay, perks and team
Great People to work with
The culture is really amazing
It is a prestigious company, you get access to best people in your country.
People, culture, opportunities, salary and beneftis
High quality mentoring, great people to meet!
google is best place to work
Amazing conditions and salaries, great atmosphere
The people, the culture, the innovation, the resource and, of course, the perks.
Good company good employees and employers very good workforce and safety and ergonomic equipment
Startup mentality, perks, salary and great people.
Great salary, great perks. Hired people used to be great till 2011.
a lot of outstanding employees
Great company to work for, culture, top level people, at the vanguard, informal attitude, many opportunities to move across teams, geographies, etc.
People are awesome and there is fun stuff to do
- great benefits -great peers - great educational programs.
Awesome Great Stunning Helpful Learnt a lot
Great work environment Great management Reasonable benefits You get a parking space in downtown Toronto You get unlimited food at the cafe inside
This company is much creative.
Great career prospects, company welfare/compensation/benefits. Easy to switch around different roles and markets.
Really nice food. I mean really nice food. There was always snacks nearby incase you wanted a munch and the environment was very sophisticated. Generally the dream workplace.
Great perks, benefits, offices. Surrounded by smart people who are willing to do the right thing. Salary and benefits are competitive, although more companies are catching up on this front. Flexibility on time and location (i.e. work from home occasionally), depending on job and department.
great company to work for
Top of the class benefits and training opportunities
there are very smart people around you. working on a very interesting projects and have great the benefits. nice atmospeatre
Has really great and innovative team.
- Working environment is great. - You meet there and work with a lot of really smart people. - You can travel and work from any of Google offices after taking permission from your mentor. - As an intern you are working like a full-time employee no difference between you and the full time employee, except in some of the code permissions if you are not working on open source project.
New starter / learning programmes are very good
Good food - nice culture - learning opportunities
Amazing, friendly, super helpful people. All highly intelligent but don't hold it over anyone's heads. Fantastic offices that aide in making every day at work a pleasure (but still promoting healthy work-life balance!)
- Access to a lot of tools, informations - Great people
really good job, super smart people, great culture, lots of learning, room for growth, would definitely go back in a more senior role
good working environment, nice peers and superiors.
-culture -breadth of solutions & projects to work in -fast decision making -perks
best in the world.tough competition.best working environment
Great people, good opportunities, very transparent and participatory management styles, fantastic perks and very nice office.
Amazing working environment! Some really fantastic people
Absolutely love working for google, been my dream for a young age. Food is great, people are great, the work is challenging and the pay is very good
You might have a chance to develop your career and experience wide variety of job if you think you will spend your entire career at Google.
best employer in the world... if they don't have it, you really don't need it!
great team brilliance with in-depth knowledge about cloud-computing
Learning Opportunities Culture Innovative work environment Fairly Flat Hierachy
Great pay, exciting products, fun offices, free food, travel
Great work environment and perks. Smart co-workers. Great brand value.
it was a great exposure
It's good work at Google company. Because they have Free breakfast, lunch and dinner every weekday . And a lot of amazing holiday parties and so on. And also they summer picnics at Chelsea pier and nature trips to the Poconos. And many more. And they treat good the workers and everyone's
* Peer quality is good
Best employer in India. Amazing Perks.
Great place to work always
Great people and great environment
1. Awesome work environment. 2. Intelligent co-workers who challenge you constantly
- Culture - Extremely important to have. - People - Office design - Dublin offices are amazing! - Projects and Products you can get into. - Career development - specially when you are a recent graduate.
Worked at Google for 5+ years. Saw the company grow up across Asia and loved every moment of it. Very start up feel, strong talent calibre, and great culture that the management seeks to maintain.
great place to work, great people, great benefits and great experiences !
Really nice and collaborative environment, challenging and interesting job, good compensation and benefits compared with other companies in the mexican market.
I am working with Google tools like Adwords,webmaster,analytics and they are quite cool.
People around are talent and creative. The working environment is great.
Collaborative work environment. Great perks. Very friendly top management. World class infrastructure. Great exit options.
Good food, no micromanagement, great people to work with.
Best Place to Work in the world
The culture and smart people you get to work with
Best place to work for
Very friendly people. Amazing work environment.
Lot of freedom, people are great, it's amazing
Dynamic atmosphere, you learn a lot. You can achieve high results, share expirience with top management.
Great pay, great people. Fun time!
Great food, Great perks, good people.
Great environment to develop yourself and work in a pleasant atmosphere. Also space for personal development.
Amazing colleagues, supportive and challenging environment, great perks and benefits. Highly recommend Google as a solid place to work.
Everything it says on the packing
big company. good place to start
Great opportunities to grow without necessarily becoming a manager. Employees control their own career path.
The work life is incredible, with the employees being allowed most, or all of the benefits that the company has to offer, all this coupled with the good pay-grade, makes it a dream job for any employee!
Free and great food and great brand to work for.
- In Switzerland, the money is good. - Contrary to earlier reviews, work/life balance has actually been fixed and is fine now. - Likewise, middle management has been fixed and is generally pretty good now. - You will work with a lot of really, really smart people and you will learn so, so much. - People in engineering get a lot of freedom to work on their own side-projects, travel, publish, work on opensource, and so on. - Everyone MEANS well pretty much all the time. It is rare for people to be underhanded or obviously self-serving.
Good place to learn stuffs
The place has a great supportive environment with friendly employees and management. You're constantly challenged and encouraged to pursue projects that you're interested in. Great facilities too.
Very nice work balance. Very good experience. Good employee satisfaction overall. Very competitive atmosphere. Used to have team building events every other week.
Great work environment, good pay, great people and oppurtunities.
amazing company , amazing people, freedom and flexibility
Great work environment and oppurtunities to learn
Dynamic environment, growth and development heavily encouraged, cutting edge products and technologies.
Great company to work for and all the pros are true, while a lot of the comms are overstated and come from disgruntled Xooglers.
Food, company profile and status in the industry, competitive salary
good resources are available for all type of learning and development
Some great initiatives being worked on and they also provide some amazing benefits.
Great and best company to work for, they treat you with care and respect
It has a suitable Salry that will able you to afford your Life
Large diverse working staff, plenty of cool people with new ideas. Chances of long career
Lots of free perks such as gym, food, etc. They really care about your work life balance Very nice atmosphere in the work place Lots of responsibility Very friendly co-workers
Nice Company to work for
- Awesome Culture - Benefits and Compensation - On-site perks - Overall Work-life balance
Great mentorship from host who was very smart yet patient with me, especially when I was having some trouble understanding the concepts and technologies needed for the project. The culture is chill and inclusive in general. Everyone was friendly and approachable. The food was great.
To LEARN and for EARN.
Nice culture, nice people, and nice office
Great culture, nice colleagues, opportunity to grow
Deep technological company with high standards of code.
Great Management Team, Great benefits, Very Entrepreneurial, Collegian, Smart People, Care about Customers Alot...
There's an exceptional work force and people. The facilities and benefits are great. And the CEO is extraordinary.
company culture, salary, free food, and a lot of things
It is the best dream ever...
- Perks and benefits - Work life balance
Good, internment was too good
I've managed to be on one of the "sexier" products at Google where they promote fast and hand out equity/bonuses like they're candy. Coworkers are all smart and genuine people, healthy expense policy with travel to really great locations. Good and supportive management and lots of room for growth.
Awesome environment, great pay incredible perks.
- best work culture ever - interesting and stimulating people left and right - access to infinite resources - everyone at the company accessible - of course, all the free perks
Lots of people who are passionate about the work they do.
nice place to work for it field
Great perks, exciting projects, great people to work with
One will never hate his job / even get bored !
Great team, great food, cool projects. A lot of offsite activities, most of which are awesome
-cool non-conflict people -flexibility in projects -food in canteen 3 times a day -decent salary -opportunities to travel abroad
Good benefits, ok-ish pay. Great work environment.
They really make the effort to make you feel part of the team. Welcome events are amazing! Throughout my 12 weeks there, I was given access to all of their internals.
Very open and people oriented environment, with a feeling that managers and colleagues truly care about you. Great perks and openness to discuss whatever issue you might have.
Working with lots of young people, dynamic multi cultural environment
amazing environment great place to work best minds in there
Smart co-workers, good people, good benefits, international locations
good environment, relaxed, opportunity to grow into different positions,good training
Good working environment n smart people around
Really fun place to work, challenging environment, great people around you and a company with a grand mission, plus the free food - what else do you want?
very good and dynamic. Culture is very awesome
Good Learning, dynamic environment, awesome culture!
wow where do I start ! The amazing office and campus, most delicious 5 star food everyday, the mini kitchens snd cafes, great comp benefits and mostly importantly - the outstandingly smart people. Coming to work here is amazing!! There is so much to learn from each Googler. Inspiring ideas and creativity all round. loved it!
10x or moonshot approach, ambitious, great brand, various amazing free consumer products, benefits and perks, internal mobility & geo transfers
One of the best companies to learn and have fun at the same time, while having your own independency working!
Good Benefits, Smart Collegues, Best work environment
Good pay and benefits Work with smart people, opportunities for mentorship Great learning opportunity Own your career, own your ideas and projects
people at work, team environment.
smart people around to discuss and learn from them.
The best company in the world if you are interested in technology, with huge resources and a fantastic working environment. A highly competitive package.
I love google! Very nice company and lots of money!
Travel opportunities, great career development, good benefits, good pay
Great to Work you'll enjoy
Great environment, facilities, bonuses and perks, real focus on recruiting process
Smart coworkers, good total salary, lots of travels.
Excellent company to work with
Excellent Benefits, you get to wrk with very smart people. They allow you to work on other projects of interest if you fufill your core role up to standards.
Has a good work life balance.
Best incentives to encourage productivity and great compensation when you look at total rewards.
+ good food + the company has great impact and uses great technologies
Good Salary and great people to work with
Constantly changing environment, innovation, friendly, collaboration, there are also many perks to the job such as the gym, pool and food. They treat their employees very well.
Good work culture, free food, travel
Great work culture and you get to work with some of the brightest people. There is good work-life balance and amazing perks.
Great smart people, passion, professional, and nice and kind
Great company, seriously smart people. Awesome new productos and tools that simplifies the day to day work
good work environment, good career progression
Free food Free gym Free health care (gp, dentist, nutritionist) Loads of perks (massage, hairdresser, dry cleaner)
It has the best and brightest software developers whom you can bounce ideas off, allowing you to the develop your ideas.
Awesome place to work,learning Career growth
free food, supporting seniors, interesting projects
Easy job, opportunities to get promoted, great title to add to your CV, relaxed working environment, good pay for an entry level job, multicultural environment, vendors (your boss) are supportive
- Amazing peers - Loads of freedom and latitude - Ability to grow and transfer internally - Internal performance and feedback system is quite healthy
Happy company with lots talents and opportunities!
Nice working environment, friendly co workers and efficient team management
Very good team, creative environment, addtional benefits, food and drinks, possibility to work out on a gym, play station,game room and a pet
The people are second to none The benefits are 360 degree Culture Innovation Office space
- Great people - Great infrastructure to work with - Food
mostly great to work at Google
Google is good place to work
great people, flat management, attractive compensate,
Free Food Infrastructure is good Policies are employee friendly Brand is a huge plus
They are very good at keeping a team going.
- Interns work as part of real engineering teams - Interns are actually treated as full-time employees (with access to the latest internal news, etc.) - Great development environment - Great company culture as a whole (transparent, trusting, ambitious, etc.)
I met and worked with some really amazing people. Benefits were excellent.
The much talked about benefits/ salary/ perks, the fast-paced, innovative and challenging environment with diverse, competitive colleagues. Self starters will find opportunities can be found or made and there can be a lot of autonomy. Scope to move location. Ample internal training provided.
good, good, good, good, good
It is the best company to work with. Employee centric company which give best to their people.
Perks Cutting edge Bigger picture Skillsets  Overall a company with a real mission that I feel proud to be a part of
Great culture, great perks. The company is transparent and good at communicating to employees.
Work with consistently motivated people to make a significant difference to the lives of many.
It helps to make some new networks.
Great culture and great people. great opportunities to grow and develop. Great benefit package.
awesome food, awesome people, great benefits and culture. once you get in, your next job (if ever) hunt will be a breeze
Friendly atmosphere good people and so on
this is the best company to work for on this blue planet, just enjoy what you love
Great culture,smart people, good work
The best place I have ever worked. The job was interesting, and the office was luxurious. I enjoyed going to work every day.
Benefits and people are great. Work life balance is respected and you feel like you are taking part in something that is changing the world.
very open not unnecessarily formal or official quite a lot of possibilities of small ways of appreciation (massage points, peer bonuses, spot bonuses etc.) a lot of opportunities to learn, when you get some time finally
* Perks (Good Food and Snacks - Can easily gain 20 kgs in 6 months, Transport, Medical and stock benefits) * Brand Name * You are surrounded by highly smart and qualified peers (all doing the same job irrespective of job levels)
Good salary good team everything is good there
The best place I have worked in ever
famous worldwide Family-oriented High tech successful wellknown communication Long Story Reliability sakes target oriented
there's is a great culture at google. the atmosphere is relaxed and driven and at least my people manager was good at challenging and rewarding me
Great chance to learn from the best people out there.
The job is really good
Great products being developed. Interesting mix of people. Lots to learn.
It has a good lifestyle and simply awesome
Good learning experience. Dynamic work schedule. If you're looking for building skills, then they're helpful and provide good guidance.
Perks, compensation, culture, social, upskilling
Very nice office environment- pool tables, games rooms, libraries, yoga & gym Free food! Very friendly development tools. Very relaxed office hours (depends on team)
Great company overall, good environment and colleagues. Benefits package excellent, great colleagues very prepared and dedicated, valuable resources access and learning opportunities, career development
Benifets , very big pacegh , best working environment ..
Flexibility, management coaching and perks
multicultural environment, diversity, horizontal move relatively easy
Really a good company to work for! Everyone is kind and sweet to each other. In my opinion it's the best company ever!
Excellent environment , invigorating and Good Perfect Wonderful Environment
Benefits/perks. Free 24:7 gym access (on MTV campus). Free (self service) laundry (washer/dryer) available. Bowling alley. Volley ball pit. Custom-built and exclusive employee use only outdoor sport park
Great perks, great people, food is among the best anywhere, many locations across the world, treat you like royalty
Very fast paced workplace, lots to do and often times it was exciting with lots of ever changing challenges
Great Place to work full time
Work with some of the smarter people in the world, get excellent compensation, and a lot of benefits.
everyone knows google..dont expect more frome.
It's in the power sector. So the salary is not bad.
Google does not disappoint. It is a great company. You will be surrounded by amazing peers, working on exciting projects and most likely have great managers.
good growth, new techs, good team
The people inside are very friendly and you feel that the company taking good care of you. Lots of opportunities to learn and interact with people working in different divisions
Great company to work for, amazing perks, colleagues
Brings out the best in one dealing with issues from first princples
- Great people to work with - Great benefits - Lots of projects to work on
good comp, travel, positive work life balance and fun team mates
best work place nice work culture good salary
It's a great place to meet new people who have new and interesting ideas. Mostly everybody gets on very well so it feels more like a community rather than just a workplace.
-Intelligent people -Transparent organisational structure -Transparent communication -Great perks -Good bonuses & equity -General consideration for colleagues -Good global internal moveability
My coworkers at Google were very talented.
Amazing people Big challenges and opportunies No shortage of money or people if you have a good idea
Great coworkers, amazing perks and a transparent inclusive corporate culture. Loads of international career opportunities. Very diverse and empowering environment.
- social package - people - great culture and attitude
The working env. is amazing. The infra is awesome. No strict deadlines. No timings. Work from anywhere, whenever you want. But try to be punctual in long run.
All the benefits and the possibility to learn new things, also outside the current role/project.
good environment, colleagues over all good atmosphere
- You work with some of the best minds and always get to learn a lot from them. - Pay grade, although not the best in the market, is good. - Office space is fun and happening
I get paid a lot of money I get a lot of benifits 40 hor work week
Good work culture,maintained work life balance
Great Brand Good perks Growing Opportunities Working with great people Flexibility
Better place to learn and have fun. Get to learn more about the Products and People around as well.
Google is a great place to start your career, the surrounding and people can be inspiring. Great perks with the job, cool offices. Having Google on your CV definitely helps later in your career.
Great company - smart and motivated people, big challenges
The pros for this company are well documented by a very good marketing department.
Your encouraged to grow and discover new things they feed you information so you never feel underfed and you are always gaining experience
Very helpful team. Collaboration is indeed a key to the success in the company. People are very humble. It was the best summer I could ever wish for. Food is delicious.
best work environment great perks lively creative work stations best in class facilities get to learn from the top engineers
Great work environment. It is a great place to be proactive and make good things happen. Great opportunities. Helpful environment. Safe cab facilities.
Great corporate culture, everyone is ridiculously smart and kind. Great benefits. It's Google
Working in Google is on of the best experience in my life.
Super fun work environment, great meals.
- Incredibly smart people - Great perks (free food, gadgets) - Incredibly efficient: while bureacracy does exist and in some areas is increasing, there is vastly less than most companies. Organising a meeting with 20 people in different countries with rooms for everyone just takes a few minutes.
opportunity to know some of the smartest people in this planet
Amazing opportunity to step in digital advertising with a multi product approach (display, search, youtube)
Great benefits in office and beyond, food and healthy snacks, great collaborative spaces, lively culture , smart peers to work with
Visibility of work Pay work culture environment lot of smart people around you to learn from
1. Swanky office 2. Work life balance
Best company ever. Really smart people. Great managers.
Best and brightest coworkers. Great benefits.
-people are amazing - perks are competitive -culture is a must to learn
Plenty to think and challenge yourself
Best facilities but no time to use them.
Great Perks, lots of talented and well connected people who inevitably leave after two years- so it's a great network to have.
great company to work with,growth opportunity
very good work environment to work
I want be depend my self
Culture and people. Learn a lot from any people working with
Culture, benefits, career opportunities and overall work environment are pretty well-balanced and stimulating. Engineers have a pivot influence on the products.
the culture it has, the amazing people you work with, its strong values
Fun and exciting at first (2008).
Culture, autonomy, benefits, vision, business model and growth
Good perks, good salary, some interesting technologies
It's good. It's Google. It have to be Good.
Great team atmosphere, healthy working environment, all the equipment you need to do your job. Highly skilled co workers and great communications.
great company, great people, good learn opportunity
a lot of chance for young people and a lot of challenges working there
- Great benefits - The best people I have ever worked with. - Get to work on things that literally change the world.
Great energy & the "do no evil mantra of our founders" is a reality behind the scenes across all levels and in the DNA & framework.
Great work life balance with adequate opportunity for career development and fun a a a a a a a
Good perks, Freedom of expression
Excellent Peers Decisions are data driven - Even the promotion process
Good work environment, on site food, help you get settled into area and transport to site. Good travel opportunities. Very flexible and gender equal.
work with some of the best recruiters in the world
Learn Lots new things and new Technologies.
There are many work to my like this some good people our help me
Amazing people, perks and products to work on.
Exceptional learning experience, Cutting edge technology, You get a chance to apply actual problem solving skills in action.
The best company to work in
Benefits are amazing: GP, Dentist, Nurse, Restaurants, Massage and Nails on site in Dublin campus. Work space is gorgeous: open plan, colourful office plans with loads of high spec meeting rooms. Technology: Personal technology for work, E.g. laptops and phones are top notch and upgraded regularly. Software and systems are always newest version. Culture: There is still a fairly young workforce in Dublin office with loads of bright and really interesting people with a lot to offer. A team centric culture is very much endorsed and Googlers are still happy to jump in and help where possible. Travel: There is huge opportunity to travel and or relocate as Google has offices just about everywhere in the world.
Great Environmentwork with Google products, tools, PC - perks (free snacks for the fastest people in canteen) - pension&health insurance (after completion of 6 months of probationary period) - quaterly bonus (max. 4% of salary) based on performance
People are great, benefits are flexible, and there is room for growth.
Free Gym, good food- Free food eat whatever you like, Free laundry, Free health/fitness assessment.
- Take care of its employees.
great atmosphere, good people and just a great place to work. I would even go as far as saying the best company in the world to work for.
Google is very organized and innovative, takes care of the employers and offers a lot of trainings and learning opportunities. People are usually very collaborative and interesting, professional and inspirational.
Compensated very well, with amazing perks and benefits.
Great culture, best people, great brand
big nice company, and a big brand. one to admire and to enjoy working
Great environment, supportive colleagues, lots of learning, great use of technology, fast paced and never boring.
- Good peeple - Big company - Best salary - great space
Salary technology Agile Compensation' leave
good work ethics good working culture
Great perks Lots of available resources to perform job
!) Challenging work. 2) Good managers. 3) Good opportunities.
Its a very fast and smart work environment. With many supportive friend, many good senior, and good facility, including the superb cafetaria
amazing team, good and open culture
Excellent benefits, great working environment, fun people and good fun
There are a lot of great benefits and it's usually a pretty flexible place to work, depending on the team.
good culture and team members
benefits are very good. good company
- Perks + Benefits, good compensation - Casual Working culture and still relative flat hirarchy - Colleagues and Teams - Work cross-functionally and globally
Great perks, excellent salary, smart people.
Great Coworkers Experimental Projects Work Life Balance Information Access
good food fun and nice career opportubity
Great people, great on-site perks
Great Friends for life Culture is amazing Exposure to different industries Great Brand to have in your CV Constant Training
- Fantastic perks, - Interesting colleagues - Potentially very interesting work
Still operates much like a start up, with the resources & impact of a large company Work with awesome people
The Culture is amazing and pushes you to grow
It was an interesting and inspiring experience, I had an opportunity to work on Google open source projects and was involved in various processes of project release management.
Smart people and great benefits.
great culture great offices excellent benifits people are fun and friendly
None at the moment which can be shared.
Never had a better work life balance or perks
good benefit transparent management good team members
great company with specific goals
Benefits, compensation, atmosphere, constantly working on new technology
Good opportunities in a big company
nice food, good place to word
The job itself (SMB Sales) is great, challenging and the best start for a fresh grad. The company is and all the perks are just unbelievable. I love the people around me and of course I am in love with the products what we offer. This is a dream coming true.
Great people, they can attract and retain top talent which makes for a very engaging experience
The people are brilliant, motivated, and interesting. Some of the projects being thought up at Google are so ambitious and unique, it adds a big part to the 'special sauce' of why people want to work here. For the most part, employees feel like their feedback makes a difference.
The company can be Good
Good benefit, open and nice company culture.
Great organization, very bright people. Great food and very rewarding work. Everyone wants you to succeed.
People, food, benefits, gym, resources. Promotions and leadership seem to work well, though it's true that I work on a smaller self contained research team.
Excellent pay and benefits, amazing workplace environment and topnotch colleagues. It's still the best large corporate to work for in my book. If, that is, you want to work in a large corporate. If you're in the right org or product area within the company it is possible to get to work on some fantastic projects and for your career to progress - a rising tide lifts all boats as they say. However...
Awesome! and nice. Nice environment and fantastic workplace
Simply, because it's Google, best company in the world, if you leave it, then you can work in any company in the universe.
Motivation, team Work, coordination, could learn with no limits and the list of things goes on .proud to say that i got a best platform to tweak my skills
gr8 culture to work for
Amazing benefits, travel, food (which is phenomenal), opportunities - placements, working on different projects across the company, being constantly challenged, needing to think - constructively, properly and sometimes really quickly, amazing colleagues who are similarly extremely smart, fast and challenging
Great place, amazing benefits, good perks, strong company culture. You work with very smart people, which makes it an amazing place to learn the basics of the media industry
Company Values, Work Ethic, Policies
A great place to work
The food is amazing. Management team is mostly rational, competent and nice to work with.
Good company, lots of opportunities
awesome work ethics and people
+ office is just great + people are awesome + compensations and benefits are amazing + tasks are interesting and challenging
Perks are really good + benefits, Insurance + food + gym + pension. Compensation is also at a really good level.  You can have all the support you want. Good environment of work
- Intrapreneurial - Ability to make a terrific impact in a short amount of time - Exposure to one of the best technologies - Treated fairly well and almost equal as employees
Bright people all around you
Salary, Benefits, nice chairs and desks.
Benefits, salary, that's about it
* Glorious work environment. There are talented people for whom their full time job is just to make you happy. * Great benefits * Lots of smart people to learn from * Pretty good at being a meritocracy (for a corporation) * Your workplace is endlessly discussed on the internet
The opportunities to develop your skills into other areas outside of your comfort zone and working with some of the brightest minds in the industry.
salary, benefits, interesting projects, the best people
Nice city, arround the lake, everyone's super nice
A very good company in IT
Free Environment, Productive, Huge Money
- Super smart people (co - workers)  - Great work life balace  - Ability to make a huge impact  - High momentum and quick decisions
You can make a difference
great benefits, smart people, great work life balance
Perks, compensation, smart colleagues, free food and amazing prodiucts
Creative space, interesting projects, great location
Competent and mostly helpful colleagues. Extreme amount of information accessible. Very powerful tools. Huge infrastructure for experimenting. Memegen.
brilliant people, great systems & processes
Breakfast is very good, you can not get a better breakfast anywhere else.
Benefits, peers, mentors, smart people, great ideas, a constant challenge, fun, perks, remuneration package, environment.
My leader is a great person. I have a balance live and a good team work.
Very Good company I suggest
flexibility, employee friendly and empowerment
culture benefits people around you
Very good overall  - great management  - amazing perks (food, gym, insurance)  -good work-life balance  You realize how great is Google once you don't work anymore there
perks, benefits, gym, food
1. Good work environment and atmosphere. 2. Flexible working time. 3. Nice and smart colleagues.
Excellent benefits and perks. Extremely intelligent colleagues. Relaxed work environment. Great personal and career development opportunities. Extremely transparent and approachable management
An optimal company provides a personal and professional growth very satisfactory , besides the esperiencia field .
Culture, people are great and benefits excellent
Amazing , friendly environment Good commuting High motivated team Big challenges ahead In contact with huge tech leaders
Engineer heaven, your voice is heard, lots of impact, most advanced big data tools
Working with exceptionally talented and intelligent Type A personalities and being involved in something huge. On the sales side, everyone wants to hear from you, rather than having to do a hard sell. It's great to work for a company with such a great (and well-deserved) reputation, since people naturally want to partner with you.
Great people, incredible culture
good company to work with
Be all you can be, service the customer and you will always be right...
Benefits, freedom, great coworkers, meritocracy
Great Place to work at! Promotion opportunites iif you are willing to work hard. Great perks and incentives.
Great culture and career opportunities (not to mention THE canteen!)
All is good
-many perks -open culture -liberal vacation policy
it was good and healthy work environment ,perks facility were there that help a lot to any person
Informal, good relations, innovation, good values
The best company to work for
Company culture, geo mobility opportunities after a few years, great colleagues, work-life balance, exciting tech future.
Openness, food and other perks, colleagues.  Learning and Work: You can learn a lot at Google, you get access to lot of materials on some of the best technologies and you get to work on things that impact billions of people.  Work-life balance and fun: You can have well balanced life and have fun utilising the perks that you get as a Googler. Some of the thins that you do other than work are team offsets, playing in game tournaments, travelling to attending conferences and for work to other country offices/places, Christmas/New Year gifts (like Latest phone, tablet, smart watch, ...) from Google that you get almost every year.
The people are definitely the most talented I've ever worked with. The culture is friendly and laid back, and they do a lot to foster awareness about topical issues like diversity in STEM and privacy issues. I've learned a lot of technical and soft skills.
Caring for employees, Culture Lots of great in-house tools and programs,
Good environment, smart management. Lots of perks.
It's google fun culture great salaries great benefits It really looks good on your CV Some chances of advancement
Friendly Staff Great amenities are provided at office. Lots of opportunities to work with global teams.
Fantastic colleagues. Great experience. Smartest folks to be with. We had cool problems to solve and it was fun working with all the folks.
Good company to work with.
Literally everything The facilities are incredible and thanks google for helping me! Love android!
Food, great people (friendly, nice colleagues+ intelligent colleagues)
The environment is extremely stimulating for learning. Benefits are world-renowned. Technology is unique and would be hard to find elsewhere.
India's first media insights engine
I got the best stuff.
its good corprate cpmpany i love that company
Open, friendly, free, warm atmosphere Smart , helpful colleagues delicious food
- Fast-paced company with very smart and talented people. - Endless possibility to stretch and learn. - Amazing pay & benefits.
Flexibility, Work life balance, Incentives
Culture of collaboration is embedded in the company's DNA. People around you are really willing to help if you ask. Nice perks all over the place, from good food (b/fast, lunch and snacks), on-site gym and massage to pretty decent health care plan and very aggressive pension plan contribution match.
The best aspect of Google is my team. I have talented and ambitious colleagues and good management. I am always being pushed to grow and be better.
fast, fun, desirable, new, fast pacing
Google is a company that is changing the world. The perks, people, ambiance & facilities are the best by far. It is a huge star up.
Good Place to work at. Nice environment with bunch of smart people. Excellent food, benefits and other perks.
Fantastic Culture Good Pay Training Great Career Opportunity
The best Benefit , team work , balance work and life
Great company with many opportunities and very nice colleagues. A lot of freedom to make your own plans and strategy, take independent decisions.
very smart company, help people to be creative
Good leadership, easily approachable managers, c-operative work envornment, caring company, wonderful perks and benefits..easily one of the best companies to work for.
Ownership, entrepreneurial culture in a big firm, fun, free food, lots of travel, high budgets, parties, growth, good prospects
The perks of working at Google are exceptional. The people are experienced, very sharp and command great authority in the market
Free food, googley people, good tools.
Google has a very positive and accepting environment, a tremendous amount of resources, and significant employee freedom. Great benefits and opportunities to learn from your colleagues.
good work environment and perks
Open culture Great environment Awesome perks Challenging work
- Industry leading technology to work on - Some of the smartest people as peers - Great opportunities to grow - Nice compensation
Good enviroment and good people
Good benefits, free food, awesome trips organised by Google etc - mazing training resources such as "Googler to Googler" side project where you can teach what you know and sign up for classes where other googlers will teach you what they are good at.
Great company that offers many benefits and perks that really takes care of its employees. Always a fun enjoyable environment with smart, capable people. Many opportunities to explore and develop your skills.
There is a lot of professionalism, but the atmosphere is largely relaxed and most people are friendly and easy going. You are embedded in a sparkling, round-the-clock and round-the-world engineering effort to keep making innovative, useful products. The range of interests of the company is growing by the day, making it a very stimulating environment to work. A lot of perks, but a lot of people already wrote about them. The company really strives to do good and not to be evil while sill making a profit.
Everyone was very friendly and inviting and they had a good company atmosphere and work environment. Good bonuses and social responsibility within the community as well.
nice staff nice pay nice environment very very big and spacious office
Good benifits , smart people and challenging work
great freedom to thrive for own and company development.
enjoyed access to lots of resources
Food, tools, the deegre of being a Googler, etc
Good working atmosphere, good communication between colleagues, corporate welfare is good, one day aunt fake girls every month, and every month 200 bus subsidy policy, reliable.
Really great Office culture, good people
pace of the business & intelligence of the strategy intelligence of the management risk taking of the leadership amazing condition of work
Best peers in the world!
- Perks - Colleagues - Innovation - transparency - Mobility
- Working with some of the smartest people in the world. Learning continuously - Develop some very good coding and design practices. - Opportunities to work on many kinds of problems. - Easy to move around to new teams/locations. - Amazing benefits
Amazing management, great benefits, great perks
bunch of foods, great people and culture
it is the best work environment
Great for learning, Very great for work. Fantastic pay and benefits. Easy access to your seniors. Management is very good.
- perks - fun - ability to be build great products
With the kind of projects Google is involved in and the kind of mission, you get motivated to get to office every morning irrespective of what your role is
All the people, all the fun problems, all the benefits.
Training Promotions are mostly fair Personal growth is good if you take ownership
Great salary, benefits, colleagues and job environment
Culture, smart people, rewarding, super nice office and you get a lot of nice trips!
You have all conditions to work, to relax, to feel good during the working hours. No one control you, you have only plan and deadline! You must complete it, but you can do your things while working!
Career-wise this is a great place to work - there are opportunities for anyone who is willing to build a reputation. The work itself, the smart people and the perks: a Japanese restaurant serving up Asian food every day for free!
Incredible people around the office, amazing benefits, evolution possibilities are various depending on what you are interested in, work/life balance and we get to work on impactful projects.
The working environment is amazing!
good place to work , career growth , good people
* Great people to work with * Amazing resources * Great values and principles
work whenever I want to
Work life balanced, very flexible, lots of team building activities
Great working culture, autonomy, openness, flatter relative to other orgs, good perks, good work life balance
- Career Opportunities. Shifting from one team to another, one vertical to another is highly encouraged. It helps in your overall development also and the company is really vested in that. - The coworkers/peers are really smart and helpful people which again helps in the over all growth of a person. - The perks and office spaces area really attractive.
Work-life balance challenge opportunities within a specific area
- smart people - free food - you learn a lot - opens all doors - nice and eductational atmosphere - you can leave the office whenever you feel like having a break
The company has a very positive environment and work culture. Employees are evaluated on the basis of the impact they bring in the society through their innovations.
Free meals, reasonable salary, flexible working hours
Great place to work, not so good work life balance.
Great people, always stimulating - talks, guest speakers and interesting things going on -connected to your work and unrelated, amazing benefits. Fast paced, still seems on the cutting edge despite there being lots of younger exciting tech/media companies about now. A company to feel proud of. Lots of opportunities to learn and push yourself. Above average pay.
By and large the quality of colleagues is incredible and is the single largest reason I have remained with the company. The culture respects work / life balance if you are in the right team and the room to grow or move within the company is extensive.
Perks, Food, Offices, Great People on average, good benefits, great products, innovation everywhere you look,
Perks and compensation are two things which the company stands second to none. But even better is the peer group, you get to work with some of the smartest minds and more importantly learn from them. You need to be nimble to survive and grow in the company. Work culture is great and people openly criticize and compliment, you learn things about yourself - personal development. Company values every effort and innovation is respected.
lots of smart people. ability to meet a lot of clients from all industries great reputation benefits are fantastic ability to travel to various google offices
Lots of outstanding colleagues. Food is great
Everyone there are always excite about there work. The work is interesting with lots of other benefits. Great place to work with lot of learning.
- Incredible perks - Amazing people - Competitive salary - Worldwide locations- - Being part of creating the future
Great opportunities to jump in working life after graduating. The best benefits in the business, most amazing collegues and option to work abroad. Lots of options to expand your knowledge by doing extra courses (on- or offline).
Free Food Top Leadership (i.e. Directors & Above) is inspirational.  Everything else is similar to any other MNCs.
Smart folks and great stuff to do.
Work Life balance pay freebies culture and TGIF is great.. very open to feedback
Everyone are so brilliantly internally connected
Fast moving, lots of trust, amazing colleagues
There is always a new challenge
large autonomy, ability to have huge impact. I can choose what projects I want to work on, and how I want to solve things. I have the ability to make changes that have a huge impact on my team, Google as a whole, and the word if I so choose.
Benefits and perks for sure. However, its the people, the spirit, the respect and the amazing diversity that makes Google an outstanding employer. I am in the company for less than 3 months and already got an approval to learn a new language out of personal interest! And my manager does everything to support my personal and professional development, however leaves me space to settle and familiarize with the new environment.
Perks, salary and in general pension plan Management culture
Smart co workers, solid reliable infrastructure.
The people are generally great, the environment is amazing and there are tons of opportunities to move around if so inclined.
Good for people , lot of money
It was my first job after Undergrad. So, it was totally cool. - Company is really really fantastic. - Smart engineering practices - lots of food and pampering
One of the best companies to work for... The compensation is good... The work is good... It is interesting and of the highest quality...
Compensation Compensation Compensation Compensation Compensation
Great team. Lots of opportunities to get involved on projects outside the core role. Amazing perks. Learnt a lot. Fantastic hiring managers and teams, everyone that you work with is so dynamic, intelligent and passionate about what try do. Yummy food.
free food international easy work internal promotions frree food
Good perks and great colleagues
Food is amazing, the people you meet will help you grow as an individual. Google is a really fun environment.
everything they say is true: great perks, work/life balance, decent salary, stocks, food, etc. etc. all amazing.
There are alot of benefits for the googler's which none of the company provides , all it depends on your performance.
The people. Life long friends. Friendly culture that has not changes with massive growth. Collaboration.
As fairly noted in numerous other reviews: -Great culture aimed at bringing the best in employees -Perks range from the famous free food and billiard tables to covering two-thirds of your education -Global satisfaction survey results are really acted upon by global and local management -Competitive Salary and bonus packages -If you are motivated to learn you will learn a lot and from the best teachers and sources -You get to test new cool stuff often before it is even announced to the public
-good food and TGIFs rock! -great people -work-life balance -The games room will keep you busy for a while :P
+Great perks, benefits and work environment +Great opportunities and impact +Great products
I'll miss my team and the people the most, Google has done a great job in hiring over the years. The fast pace (for such a large company) is very exciting, and the autonomy (once you have proven yourself) is great for people who relish that. Also the values are strong and the ability to innovate and really push for new developments and advances in your role and function are really well supported
Great company culture, working with smart people, as an organization open to new ideas, feedback mechanism where everyone can be assessed no matter what their position is.
Rewards for performance rather than according to position. Excellent learning possibilities internally as well externally even if not related to a role.
If the project involved is across different Google office, you are in a very high chance to travel around !
You get to work with very smart people. Very good food. Good work life balance. Very beautiful, large campus in Mountain View.
Salary is god Life in is cool Big The location is ok
VEry helpful, learn to be leader
Company has great working environment and perks
Perks Stable job Great people Flexibility in hour Office Resources
Lot of learning, A great work culture
Great for learning. Fast-paced. Learn how to get things done. Fantastic pay & benefits. Easy access to senior folks. The higher management are full of visionaries and serve as an inspiration for the rest of the company.
Nice company to work for
Very good benefits, leadership in every job you do and is also asked for. Managers are not really good, but you have to manage yourself anyways.
Awesome benefits. Great perks. The food is amazing, the people even more so.
Great projects and culture, plenty of nice and interesting people to work with, easy to get involved in whatever interests you. Also plenty of resources and supportive management which allows to be ambitious and still succeed. Perks are also great.
As a leader in software industry, this company gives you achievement and makes you excited about the things you are doing. It provides you with various kinds of training. You have a chance to learn skills in different fields, which is very helpful for your development.
People: gives you the chance to work among smart and like-minded people Office Company culture Great perks Good place to network Always good on a CV
Good brand on your cv. Everybody will have a positive prejudice on you, assuming that you are smart because you worked or you are working at google.
good environment, great challenges, compensation is also good.
Google is what it sells: an amazing place to work for. People are generally active, open and extroverted. The working environment couldn't be better. The wage is above average for the industry. Office perks are great. The best thing about working for Google is that you are given full responsibility for your duties. Not often will you find a micromanager. They put real effort in giving everyone their space and responsibilities.
good pay, good environment , work life balance
Outstanding company, great brand value and tag to have, an opportunity to feel like you're part of a company changing the way the world live, plays and works, super offices, some very smart people, great perks
What else do you need when you work at number one branded company in world. Pros are Brand Culture Team Agile Food Perks
friendly environment, good salary, excellent facilities & food
What is not to love!!! This place has it all!
Smart people everywhere. Work in Tokyo, but without the bureaucracy of a typical Japanese company (no timecards! no fax machines!). Salary very high for a Tokyo-based job. Work at a Google, but without all the commuting of the main HQ. Make things people actually use.
The smartest co-workers one could imagine. Great career opportunities. A positive environment. Great compensation. The best free food ever.
Good compensation package, flexible hours, some very smart people to work with, interesting projects at large scale if you are lucky.
Best place to work! Yes, Best place to work! Lot of good things
Lots of change, very dynamic, benefits..
Good work life balance. Plenty of room to grow.
Work culture Awesome Food Global exposure Benefits/perks Gives you an entrepreneurship platform
Great place to work. Free food, free gym, plenty of autonomy and perks. Interesting speakers come into talk and we can generally set our own times and get our work done to our own rhythms.
- Great people - Fantastic benefits - Amazing office and office facilities - Great culture and values
Huge learning in the company
The office is full of young, smart & passionate people. There's lots of focus on career development and training. You're looked after very well in terms of benefits and comp.
great food, great perks, free trips, good work environment, fun, good working hours, good colleagues, many events and celebrations
You can learn whatever you want , you can do whatever you want and ofcourse Unlimited Food .
Best place to work! Yes, Best place to work! Lot of good things.
Exciting, friendly place to work. Really great team members. Lots of learning and training. It's like attending an University. I'm glad I started work here. Great memories.
Perks, Culture, People, Management which cant get any better- all under one roof
Everything are wonderful and very nice workplace
Permanent staff has great benefits and perks onsite.
in the edge of technology, super perks.
Friendly atmosphere with good bonus
Fantastic benefits and amazing physical facilities. Lots of openness once you get on the inside and senior management has a fantastic vision for the company that motivates from top to bottom.
Tons of very smart people to work with. Lots of things to learn. Great for your resume.
Very good experience, good environment
Attractive Salary is given as
The place is nice to work but no work life balance
This company is going places and one day will i think be a major brand name that everyone has heard of
Great graduate position A foot in the door at a large multinational Amazing talented people to work with Lots of perks - free food, nap pods...all that stuff is true
This is the only large company where everyone is competent. Your colleagues are definitely the best part of the job.
Excellent colleagues and teammates to work with Great perks that everyone raves about. It's all true! The ability to bring your whole self to work, warts and all. Opportunities to speak up and hold the leadership accountable for change/fixing real issues.
Fantastic people, work-culture, work-life balance, perks, and transparency top down. There are lots of opportunities to share feedback both to management and to peers. Managers are constantly trained and developed so you mostly get to work with good people who get the culture.
Great environment, plenty of colour around the office. Great company culture. No uniform required. Fast paced environment which helps to deliver good challenges.  You also get opportunity to do what you want without too much supervision. This is something great about Google because you won't feel confronting at all.
Its a cool place to work at , people there are friendly and supportive.Good work culture.
It's excellent to work with people who are smart, intelligent, and friendly.
hard work its my challenge
Had an amazing experience of being associated with Google .Learning, sharing and creating an impact were the key few roles. Doing impactfull events ,dealing with huge crowds and of course enjoying the opportunities provided by Google.
It is a fun place to work. Everybody is willing to teach you something new.
Great opportunity in terms of adding value to your CV, given the highly acclaimed perceptions of working at Google.  Great project opportunities.
World-changing work, making the world a better place. Best crowd of people you can find. Never a dull moment. Always on the cutting edge.
Cool management, No Work pressure, Unlimited benefits, World class infra, No 1 Brand
Great food, great people & exciting work
Great work culture, amazing colleagues, excellent benefits and most importantly, really challenging work
Great perks, training and compensation. Management structure can be good at times.
Good perks, interesting people to work with
Great people, great office, great food and a good work culture
good company to work for, great salary - much higher then market salaries, awesome food (but, that everybody knows i guess), lots of perks, extremely smart co-workers, I like it here.
Great people to work with and challenge you to become better.
smart people, great opportunities, awesome food.
Relaxing job, Stressing handling job, Can have a break when ever feel a bit stressed, Do have stress busters games.
Open culture and great people to work for
Great place to work for
Perks and friends. You learn all the time.
yes, the best part of working at google is the culture
High pay, great benefits, food provided everyday
great culture, you will meet loads of really bright people from all walks of life
The office environment, the perks, the culture, the experience, the management and creative people everywhere
Amazing culture Learning opportunities Work-life balance Great managers (most of the times)
Great team and environment Amazing benefits Lots of smart people
The office is great. You get free meals/snacks, massages in the office, and a great work environment. There are also a lot of educational opportunities and trainings so you feel like you're always learning and growing as an employee.
Worked at GOOG for 5 years, and best by far was the sense of purpose and mission the whole company has. When people talk about "values", it is usually meaningless, but at Google, people have real discussions about the values the company exhibits and espouses (including the much ballyhooed "don't be evil"). The dialog is incredibly open and any argument for/against a course of action based on those values is immediately respected and seriously considered. People are brilliant, structure and compensation is excellent.
Work on cutting edge technologies. Salary is very good. People are very skilled and intelligent. Flexible working hours.
Work atmosphere is pleasant . All associates and Managers behave like freinds but at work times they are official .
well paid and good people
Trust, love, treat people well, provide as much benefits
- 5 years spent in Google are equivalent to 10 years working anywhere else when it comes to experience - fantastic colleagues - great opportunities for job and geographic mobility - exceptional social activities
Good place to be yourself, to be able to perform at your best!
Challenging projects, great staff, good benefits
1. Google takes amazing care of its employees - be it trainings for work, education program support, or free massages :) 2. Good people 3. Lots of exposure possible - different products, people, skill sets, locations. It's a world on its own.
Lots of very smart and knowledgeable people to feed your mind Highly collaborative Lots of opportunity for movement and growth — very easy to get involved in projects outside your direct purveyance
Work atmosphere is pleasant . All associates and Managers behave like freinds but at work times they are official .
they care about their employees
Great company with lots of perks
Google has Good working environment
The job was pretty interesting and I liked the things I did.
Professional and personal development. Access to latest research in the industry.
good benefits, good people to work with
Quality company with great prospects for future market innovation.
Great benefits, good work-life balance. Everybody is extremely friendly and helpful. You will find a lot of smart and interesting people, seems like everybody has a cool story to tell. I liked the companies approach for projects and creativity: If you have an idea you will be encouraged to work on it and make things happen.
Very cool culture, amazing people, offices to die for, some of the most innovative projects anywhere on the planet, flat organisation, leaders who understand the challenges facing the organisation, honesty, openness, trust, low turnover of people and a very active can do environment.
- Excellent benefits and perks. - Excellent work environment. - Extremely honest company, strictly follows the laws and regulations. - Extremely capable people. - Awesome infrastructure (servers, network, developer tools).
Work-Life balance, preponderance of talent in every part of the company, office culture is open and inviting.
Get a chance to change the way brands do marketing in today's always on world
Work culture Products Peers and colleagues Transparency (although some say it's limited these days due to the size of the company) Lateral approach to problem solving Focus on people and values Recognizes ex employees via alumni network - once a Googler, always a Googler- it's a great feeling.
Overall, I believe it's one of the best employers out there. Teams consist of great international people, fantastic personalities. Company's HR really makes an effort to create positive working atmosphere. Generally, there's a good push for life/work balance. I guess you all have heard about perks - it's not a myth either. Despite some cons, I highly recommend working there.
Awsome perks and great people. Google is really focused on giving a great customer service.
great work atmosphere, cool managers, work timing flexibility
For ad products, they are releasing new features every 2-3 weeks to globally. If you are in domestic or traditional company, you will not be able to enjoy the experience.
Great brand name and hence its good
- Innovation and the user is the top priority. - A high impact job, where you get to influence millions. - Good compensation and benefits: High salary, stock plan, and vacation days. Also good healthcare package. - Great Perks: Free food, free gym, free pool, free snacks.
Great colleagues! Great Perks! Great atmosphere and work climate! Great opportunities! Getting the chance to work on something meaningful and possibly changing the world.
Best employer in the world. Gave us googlemobiles. Hotel stays at 5 star hotels. Paying for dinners at hotels. Huge salary. Freedom of working hours.
culture, benefits, perks, facilities, opportunity
very interesting to work with
Everything above the bar of excellence
Work culture and benefits are good
Crazy perks. Relaxed atmosphere. Smart people.
Mostly everyone in engineering is as smart as the common perception is. I didn't experience any egomaniacs or prima donnas, but there is a definite air of entitlement around. The whole technology stack is mostly built in-house and very mature, and supporting infrastructure is awesome.
- great colleagues - great perks - nice bonus
The Google Network has some cool features that should concern its competition. For starters, it can disclose the sites you run ads on and report performance on a site-by-site basis. This enables you to focus buys on those sites (inventory allowing). An inability to see where your ads appear has always been a barrier for some advertisers.
- Perks and atmosphere are great - Your colleagues are the best people in the world
Everything is good - work culture,environment and salary.
Great Office Smart Coworkers Company Values Easy access to VP Level
- motivating business values - good benefits - pleasant working environment - exceptional colleagues
exellent work enviornment good people to work with low work load
It is a Dynamic organization, project planning, time management, and has multi-tasking abilities.
Good Benifits,comensation package and work balance
Successful company doing very inspiring work. Very strong, vibrant, exciting culture. Great colleagues.
Have a comfortable work space.
Some of the smartest people out there to work with, great benefits, interesting work for the most part
I am working with some of the brightest people. Its very interesting too learn from the inside how Google thinks and acts. Definitely one of the very few companies out there at the market that actually creates the future and writes rules of the game.
Free food. Excellent office location. Smart & motivated colleagues.
Facility are very Good,but I can't Compromise with this with salary offering.
Ability to make a diiference
loads of things to learn
Google is a great place to learn and grow. You will meet great people and be challenged most of the time.
super food sooper cool high pay etc
Indeed a very good place to set your foot in. Gold dust on your CV so to say that could springboard you anywhere
People, benefits, career opportunities, drive
Flexible and healthy work environment, amazing personal development opportunities. Possibility to have flexible working hours and internal transfers
Fun atmosphere, super smart minds, loads to learn
fantastic people, great products, best perks
Open culture, lots of perks, very transparent, dynamic industry
good environment, challenging profile. exposure is awesome, pay is the best among the industry,
Nice people,nice food and environment
Smart Company to work for
Great salary & benefits, fun, young, international work environment, amazing work culture
Surrounded by incredible people, working on some of the coolest problems in the world. The company is a rocket ship and, early in your career, you really get way more responsibility than you probably should.
- Amazingly smart colleagues, great senior managers - Great cultures (openness, transparency, innovation) - Loosely hierarchical - Great benefits
Fun, exciting projects. Great colleagues, great team culture, great food, great pay.
The offices are very nice in Dublin, many people from all over the world (46 spoken languages) and the social atmosphere is great! If you love meeting new people, making international friends and travel - this place is for you!  For a short run (a year or 2) its a great company. For more than that, it can be stressful and frustrating (see "cons" section).
Great culture, very friendly, good money, exciting to be working for a company that pushes the boundaries
Very good platform for skill development
No time pressure if doing quality job
Atmosphere: the work atmosphere is great, you have fun with your colleagues and it's up to you to build the right atmosphere in your team. Learning: you can learn a lot, especially about the products (AdWords, Analytics, YouTube) and develop your soft skills like time management, productivity, wok under stress. Responsibility: you can take several roles aside from your core job.
Workplace energy and ease of business due to brand strength in ecosystem
Great benefits and work culture.
Awesome company to work for.
Good environment, smart people. Lots of perks.
The Sydney office exemplifies the Google culture of friendliness and hard working.
MONEY, QUALITY OF COWORKERS, TRAVEL
Great co-workers, great perks, great offices, great benefits. The company keeps evolving and has some excellent prospects ahead of it in new, unexpected business areas.
Colleagues, challenges, business prospects, collaboration and innovation are great at Google. The perks and work environment are great too.
You work with very clever people on interesting projects. Everything is set up for you to be incredibly productive. The perks are also ridiculous.
The people. Google hires some of the best talent in the world and as a result of working with such high achievers and high potential people, you find everyone raises their game every day and achieves far more than they thought possible
Great start-up experience. Great networking. Great People!!
It is one of the most companies, which work for the development of open-source organisation.
great total compensation great perks (free food, ski trips, etc) stable well-paid employment flexibility around working hours, easy to combine with family life global working environment probably easier to navigate than other corporations, cons listed are simply part of working in a company of this size
Work with the best and most dynamic people A lot of learning and development. Great management Awesome work conditions: free food and gym
Culture , Peers , Food , Exposure and Office
Managment is very detail focused. Metrics are clear. The role is changing frequently which makes to work interesting over time.
The best reasons i can say working with company are its got the most friendly environment and we all learn many things in the work culture implemented there.I can also say the doors are always open for growth opportunities within the organisation.
Good place to work for. Good culture.
Your manager is there he is there to support you not to control you. When you need something to work better, just ask. Plenty of great people to work with.
openness, ability to work on your projects, peer driven, working with people better than yourself
good technologies, many projects, and transfer in 18months
it's very flexible in terms of work timings, and mostly transparent.
Great Place to Work,Best Employee Friendly
Informal, very little politics, great products, trustable
Good food, Nice people, Great work environment.
Great culture, free food, free gym, decent pay, intelligent and fun people. One of the most forward thinking cutting edge companies to work for in terms of the product side of things.
People, innovation, products, benefits, brand
great job, great colleagues, amazing work life balance
cutting edge technology uncovering business opportunities across markets collaborative culture with access to senior decision makers amazing on-site perks
You can work at home, you can have all the time in the world. You have no boss but yourself
Care people, very good food and welfare benifit. Always encourage innovation and people are willing to help to resolve problems. You can feel you are working with a group of people with all kinds of talents.
The usual: compensation, interesting projects, good food, company cares about employees ... (see below) ...
High Learning Curve. Latest Technologies. Free Snacks. Free Lunch talented Colleagues.
Good opportunities to move on new and higher position
Friendly environment with helpful people and a great experience from interns to permanent members
- Extremely people oriented  - Great perks  - Big focus on developing talent  - Amazing people to work with
Fantastic people. Apart from being super smart, most people have at least one hidden talent or speak >1 language. Executive leadership you truly believe in. Great culture, working environment and benefits. Free food tends to be better than most restaurants. Working with customers and products that change the world.
-great culture - employees are given importance - freedom to pursue what you want - no calling people sirs /maams. You can call Larry Larry !
innovation, autonomy, entrepreneurship, diversity, great fun culture, respect for new thoughts, internal mobility cross teams and locations, visionary,
Great peers, extremely challenging environment, work and play go hand in hand
good study place for student, high pay and passionate job, lots of opporunity
Great impact, great engineers, great technology, very open
Google has structured itself well to resist becoming 'evil' as it grows. That's not to say it doesn't - but it takes hold a lot slower than at other companies our size. There's a lot of importance placed on transparency, accountability, and technical acumen by the average employee.
Google gives high flexibility, all the resources available in order for employee to succeed. Google culture: openness, fairness, innovation, doing the right thing.
Great people Good food Flexible work No pressure
- Smart people - Very advanced internal technos - Data matters more than politics
For a big company, it hardly gets better. There's a lot of freedom, learning opportunities, lots of great colleagues, perks&benefits.
Great people, great products, fantastic on site amenities
You work with very talented people. Everyone at Google shares the "do no harm" value, everyone works really hard but know how to have fun. It's a performance driven company, where your skills matter more than your experience.
+ nice office + many benefits + great engineers
Work is extremely fast paced with flexibility to implement ones own solutions to problems. Resources are limited but could be worked around with the management.
The atmosphere is striking and you don't feel like its a "corporate" office. End of the day you will not feel tired after the day's work.
Freed food, nice amenities, and world class talent whom you get to work alongside each day. All combined to help you build products that are used by millions of people around the world. What's not to like!
- very international team - nice office with good benefits (free food and lunch, gym)
Great food, strong rewards and great coworkers.
Great Work Culture exists in Google
The quality of people you get to work with, exposure to cutting-edge technology and the perks of being a Googler
very good environment to work
benefits, food, office space, travels, etc
Excellent work culture, free food
excellent work culture,good management
Creative team, flexible work arrangements, encouraged to think outside of the box
My coworkers are extremely knowledgeable, helpful and cool. The projects we're working on are all very inspiring. The company has a long term vision I can actually subscribe to, personally. The company exists to do good.
Employee friendly environment and good work ethics
Good perks and benefits for employees
Great perks, great people. They know how to treat their employees and there are so many opportunities in the company. Not only in your home office but also abroad.
no commitments. You are at your own pace to win your race
AMAzing hours, Good working conditions, nice people
Free food and tranport :Awesome place to work hard and play hard
Work Culture, Management, Teams, international exposure
Values people. Has a clear mission statement
Best place to start in a big company. Benefits, free foods!
Great workplace Great coworkers Interesting projects Good perks Job satisfaction Knowing you are working for a company that can make the world a better place.
Good way of testing big picture
- Best compensation and benefits (compared to Brazilian average) - In touch with Google's technologies - If you survive the first two years, it can be a good job.
Lots of benefits that really make you feel appreciated as an employee. The free food and freedom you get as an employee to take training etc. is really amazing.
I am Happy to work on Google Map Maker about 1year and Then I am feeling better because I want to promotion by Google after some year ...So I am waiting for little time and See so far.....
You get to work with the smartest and nicest people!
Open, Outthinking, freedom to try, Dynamic
Best place to co-work and friendly mood
Opportunity to work on impactful projects Coworkers are very bright and will go the extra mile Amazing food and benefits are very god
Great job in keeping people cheerful
Flexibility Creativity Innovative Great opportunity of development International Great benefits
Great company to work for
Good Food, perks, everything is perfect, except the work
All the freedom and opportunities you get on working in exciting projects and meeting new people.
it is the best company ever
best place to work in world
Treats employees with respect. Much room for career growth and overseas relocation.
Fantastic culture Great vision for the future Very bottom-led so great opportunities for growth and to lead Minimal micro-management Freedom to pursue projects you feel are worthwhile Great internal comms - very included in the company and the goings-on
You can work with probably the best colleagues in the world, work hard and learn a lot. Also the food is a big advantage than other small companies.
Super fun gig with great benefits
It is very good to work here because of all the perks and salary we get. People are treated with respect and the office looks amazing.
Great school for your first job Great people Great culture
great colleagues your employer changes the world competitive salary good perks
Very fun and nice work. Innovative work
awesome coworkers, great offices, everyday perks
interesting work  good interesting with a bit of fun and struggle both at the same time
Always fun, exciting projects on a global scale.
Great Place to work! Been here for more than 5 years.
Thrust on learning. Great benefits. Competent senior management.
Great People Awesome benefits Beautiful Office Interesting Work Great Opportunities
Exposure to cutting edge technology Good environment to work in.
- Great International young atmosphere with colleagues from all over the world. - Company culture and relaxed atmosphere. - Good working life balance. - Top class perks and benefits. - Working in a fast paced environment.
About 5% of employees can hope for a "promotion" - to a special point of contact related to internal issues/mentor. That can help your future career (it did help me and some other ppl I know). They pay is not bad and if you are smart enough you can easily hit the highest bonus.
One of the best companies to work with - impressed with the transparency and integrity in values!
Great people, company values and free lunch
Great people Great place to work Great compensation Opportunity for travel and rotation
- Work life balance - Benefits and perks - You are in charge of your career
Great benefits, salary, and work environment.
1. Good work life balance. 2. Good technologies. 3. Get to learn a lot.
Loving every moment, looking to go to work daily.Infact dont want to come home.
Amazing, smart, driven and fun people to work with, usually pretty stimulating work, working autonomously, fantastic benefits.
Most intelligent coworkers you could ever imagine. Wonderful feeling of camaraderie. Employees are trusted, respected and treated like adults to get on with their work. Very flat management structure means you're not left feeling powerless. Everyone is empowered to make a difference and to be heard. Amazing benefits.
great work culture/ atmosphere, food, work space, smart and interesting people.
Smart people. Being on the cutting edge of the action in Silicon Valley. An ambitious company.
Get to work with great people, Flexible hours, Make a difference everyday. Getting to experience such a wonderful work environment is such a pleasure everyday.
I am empowered to do my best and help make teams more efficient and better. My manager doesn't babysit me, in fact, no one does, because Google hires the best and expects all employees to be motivated and productive.
It's very cool I like it
Best food ever, friendly and intelligent colleagues who could become close friends, Beautiful office, cabs to pick you up and drop you, opportunity to apply for IJPs often.
Great company, awesome products, Wonderful culture, great work life balance,
Great opportunities for career development
Google is the most fun and rewarding place I've ever worked. There are cool problems to solve and you're encouraged to solve them. Engineers get tons of freedom to do the right thing and the tools and infrastructure to support you are second to none.  Beyond that, Google generally seems interested in keeping their employees happy and healthy -- for the most part, work hours and workload are sane. It's easy to eat healthy food. There are on-site gyms in most locations, or at least subsidized health club memberships.
Great perks, great exposure to a business lifestyle
Peers, impact, technology, infrastructure, compensation
Working Culture is great Talent Peer Healthy competition
good perks and good working environment
You get to work with cool innovative products, in a great environment (especially in terms of positive, friendly and skilled colleagues). The brand is well known. You have a lot of freedom in customer interaction and in planning your projects.
Bring innovation to the table
Exciting work, great salarygreat culture
High salary Good employees Good ambience Support from HRs Transportation facility
- Great company culture - A healthy work/life balance is stimulated by management - Very smart people to work with, the strict interviews due pay off. - Good benefits - best in the industry
Amazing smart colleagues, fun work environment, lots of responsibility right away, great perks (food, travel, bonuses), opportunity to direct your own career/work on what you choose, lots of international travel and team events
Work ambiance Opportunities Smart people Great product Great perks
+ Great colleagues: young, well-educated + Competitive compensation + Challenging work with a good work-life balance
* Great perks and compensation * Good growth opportunities
Great working environment, sometimes challenging atmosphere and smart colleagues.
Google treats its software engineers very well, and has very good facilities, so it is very enjoyable to work there
Many brilliant colleagues. Massive-scale computing infrastructure. Open attitude within the company.
perks, career opportunities, no blame culture
high caliber people, creative freedom
Great team, very supportive, I had many of my questions answered about google products
Perks, opportunities, work environment. I'm extremely fortunate to be working for Google. The company's value system is highly appreciated across. It's an equal opportunity employer.
Google remains an outstanding employer
The food is free and always fresh, the tech is cool. You can get free tech every year. You learn quite a bit about the general Online business.
really consistently demonstrate they care for their employees and their well-being
Great culture Great people Exciting work Outstanding perks Great learning Entrepreneurial environment Amazing perks Free conveyance Global travel Steep learning curve
Incredibly talented teammates, great camaraderie and passion to excel. Fantastic work environment (food, massages, games, etc.). Powerful products.
I get to do a lot of interesting work. The work environment is very conducive to innovation. The perks are great and the hours are flexible
Great company to work for, good compensation
Lots of freedom, cool projects and great colleagues. You have to find the right project though, where the team does appreciate UX as that's not always the case. Manage that and you'll have a blast. Also great benefits (good pension, medical insurance plus things like gym membership, and of course free food) and a very decent salary.
Money Funds Salary People Effort
Work Culture Perks Career growth opportunities
Great job satisfation, opportunity to learn employee friendly policies, global exposure.
Wonderful culture of society centered innovation, outstanding colleagues, belief in ideals beyond money. Technical excellence.
Great people, great work culture
Good money, smart people, free food
it was gud.. related with DS,C++ and OS
Compensation and work ethics there are awesome. You will be working in on of the few companies that are are truly doing cutting-edge stuff in computer science, from a engineering and scientific point of view.
to know the culture of MNC
Culture, Technology, Smart people, International, Learning opportunities
Food, brand name, work culture, plush offices (all the superficial things)
- International environment - Smart people - Great products - Disruptive innovation - Unparalleled benefits and perks - Charity initiatives
Lots of opportunities within the company - globally. Stay flexible and you find your ways. Lots of smaller "teams/companies" within one big company. You can choose the size you like to work with. Perks (!!) Amazing customers you can learn + grow with.
Great environment to work and people are friendly
Intelligent people Interesting Work Always looking after you . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Google is a place that makes the difference. Loads of opportunity to growth within different departments. Salary increase if you exceed management expectations. Great benefits (pension scheme, health insurance, ) and inhouse benefits such us canteen, and free lunch and dinner!. A lot of fun too
It's a good company, very good option for entry level student to learn. The sales team is very flexible, and got a lot of opporunity to work with customer
Comfortable office spaces built with humans in mind. Lots of freedom in choosing what to work on. Projects with global impact. Generous budgeting. Opportunities to travel. Managers that know the tech side of the projects.
Amazing benefits, more flexible schedule/working location, smart and talented people, perks like shuttlebus, free meals, etc.
People, culture, great benefits, constant learning and fast progressions.
Amazing colleagues, rewarding and challenging work
- Google is at the cutting edge of everything from technology to HR practices to work-life balance - Google encourages innovation more than other places I have worked at. - Google takes Care of it's employees
Has the best employee environment and gives the best facilities to them. A family like atmosphere inside company without bounds makes you enjoy your work.
Open culture , challenging work, great colleagues
Challenging work environment, you get to learn a lot, especially in the beginning, huge scale of the projects, incredibly smart people, cool office space, perks (stock option and bonuses) and (healthy and yummy!) food. Variety of domains and products, you can always find something for yourself if you decide to change the project.
Free food, indoor games, no pressure of work
- amazing quality food and lots of it - supportive of growing their employees - generous benefits and amenities
- Opportunity to work with extremely intelligent people - Employee-centric, loose culture - Very good compensation & benefits - Company leadership fosters strong sense of social responsibility - Corporate culture that values innovation & creativity - Relatively flat management structure
Good ethics, work life balance, good career development prospects
Work Culture is the best
in my relatively short experience so far, I have to say it's been a wonderful experience of working in a highly dynamic company with very smart and dedicated people. Google employment is literally what you make of it. I especially appreciate the possibility to rotate on positions within the compay and to take your projects in addition to your core joy.
I Think is the best job to used it
Google has been estimated to run over one million servers in data centers around the world, and process over one billion search requests and about twenty-four petabytes of user-generated data every day.
Fantastic Work Culture and Reasonable work life balance, not to mention heavenly perks.
At Google there is free food and smart people. The company was large enough that the benefit plans were good.
Brilliant work environment and very cordial managers.
Amazing people, great place to work.
Perks and colleagues are amazing, after a few years of success you can work on some of the best problems in the world.
Culture is great, perks are great, pay is solid, work varies but is often game-changing
Great people, culture, mission, and perks.
Loved coming to work everyday. Very few people can say that.
So many to list, I love everything about working there! The people, the atmosphere, the flexibility of working hours, free meals, free massages, etc!
Having an internal network of brilliant people is an amazing resource to tap into. Impossible ideas become possible and the company is built with so many tools to collaborate, connect, and execute on those ideas that you'd be foolish not to take full advantage of them.  I've learned that they really care about the people, taking many opportunities to gauge feedback and actually acting to improve things that move people ahead. There is internal career development and educational resources like you can't imagine. There's also an unbelievable amount of benefits regarding health that gives me no excuse not to eat better and get in great shape.  Pride is something that can't quite be measured, but I feel it here. Being a part of Google is extremely fulfilling and it makes you proud to share about with friends & family.  This box isn't big enough for all the things I could go on about.
great products, great colleagueas, great culture, great customers. You really feel part of a family who is changing the world. As account manager I had very good daily job, it was challenging and interesting for sure.
Lots of smart people, great benefits, engineering dominated culture, as an engineer, you can literally do whatever you want, but you have to want something to begin with (see cons).
You get to meet an amazing network of great people, people are loyal and hard working, make lots of great new friends, work with super smart people
good environment to work in good place to learn stuff good in terms of growth better access to the tools available able to apply to other teams in the office
Freedom to work and motivate one self. There is no micro-managing and you're given the freedom to work the way you want as long as it drives results. They also understand the importance of life balance and have helped me instill balance in my life.
Great work environment , u can really do what u want and there is room for creativity. Free perks are added advantage
No bureaucracy, smart teammates, best in class hardware, challenging work, and excellent benefits. The review and interview process allows for narrative evaluations instead of just the opinion of your boss.
Lots of perks like free food, massage, gym. Management is very supportive in your career development and cares about you as a person.
Great minds around Importance to innovation Great perks
Apart from the brand the bouquet of perks. A nice peer group and global exposure
Great benefits, great people, great culture. Superb Food.
The facilities for transport, food, spiritual, recreation etc are top class! I can't think of another company who provides so much to their employees (atleast in India, there are none!)
Best Salary in the industry
- Great compensation, best in class - Great variety of opportunities - Very flexible
Great place to work, the most amazing perks, amazing casual and friendly culture, some of the most decent and bright minds to work with, flexibility in terms of moving around internally, not having to do overtime or weekend work, no micromanagement most of the time, no time-cards
Culture and people are the essence of Google. This culture fosters great innovation.
Incredibly smart, talented, driven group of people.
Excellent employee benefits. Very satisfied.
People, Perks, Career growth, Challenging environment, work life balance
The best people, the best technology , the best resources, enormous amounts of money.
Amazing work culture. best perks
Great benefits, great compensation, many intelligent, motivated colleagues, reliable business model, well-known brand, mostly great management, free food, many opportunities to work on world-changing products, able to learn a wide variety of skills and have great experiences that will make you far more valuable elsewhere. Come to learn or to earn.
The best reasons to work for Google are: Number 1 place to work for in India, Great environment, Free food, Transport, Games, Christmas gifts.
it gives you exposure to the global market.offers you a really good package with regular promotion and increment in salary
Tons of benefits such as heath plans, retirement contributions, free bike, you apparently bring your dog to work now in Dublin, snacks everywhere Lots of smart people to work with and learn from. Plus most people are very nice and have engaging interests. Free gifts e.g. phone every year for the past four years Chance of travel in Europe as well as the States and possibly other locations with a good stipend for expenses for the most part Free food and it's routinely great
Perks, Colleagues, Travel, Reputation, Offices
Amazing benefits including free food all day long, health and dental care, 5 weeks of holidays, bonuses... Good company culture that gives you the flexibility and responsibility to complete tasks the way you think is best.
friendly co workers, people from all over the world more or less
Friendly and open work environment which promotes trust
Great teams and smart people
It was a pretty good place to work. the culture is just like everyone talks about
Brilliant people, Great workplace, great career opportunities
Lots of freedom to be creative and try new things. Best benefits on the planet. It's just like being in college, but without those pesky deadlines. Very stable job. Work/life balance is a viable option.
Get to collaborate and work with people all over the world.You impact is also at a levellevel. Benefits and facilities are great.
I worked at Google for five years and in that time saw several changes. The people are the best part of the job although it's very dependent on WHO those people are. Unfortunately, a lot of the really good people have moved on. Some of the smartest folks I ever worked with but also the most selfish and self-serving. Over time Google's original message has been lost, it's no longer hiring the best and brightest but those who can bring in the $$$.  - Free food - Friendships for life - Co-operative colleagues - Good hardware - Easy to move between offices
Employee friendly Great exposure & People
Work Culture, Colleagues, Bonuses, Foreign Travel, Exposure
Culture, people, Innovation, Fast growing business.
Very talented people and good culture.
If you're looking for unlimited food, no hassle travelling, massage parlor at work and some really GOOD first hand knowledge of SEM this is your place to be.
Best place to work for a software engineer
lovely ambiance and atmosphere, ppl r freindly, job satisfaction, greater technology access. Everything at your feet.
The company overall is awesome to work for. Great benefits, good pay, and awesome perks.
great place very innovative full of great people
google is a really global company they send you around the world to california, your business partners are global, you operate across time zones using the latest technologies and you have a pretty good idea of what it is to work in the future
Good food, fun environment, employee friendly for the managers and their preferred candidates (read yes men/women) and holiday gifts.
Work with many excellent colleges and pursue for excellence. Good welfare for living.
Great Environment No Stress Cool Culture Flexible work timings
1. Rapid career growth atleast 3/4 levels. 2. Lots of cutting edge technologies (today it might be Google's internal one, but it will have industry wise visibility). 3. Lots of smart people around. 4. Lots of fun and facility in office. No other company can match half of that for sure.
Good Atmosphere. Love the democratic way of leadership that they adopt.
Google has a lot of perks, financial incentives, and other benefits that make being a Googler enjoyable. If/when I leave, I'll definitely miss the ways that my life is easier because of them.  One of the things I enjoy most is listening to the founders (Larry Page and Sergey Brin) talk at large meetings (especially David Drummond, when he shares news). They're both funny and intelligent, and I think their reputations as visionaries are probably mostly accurate.
It provides you good salary,better working condition,and best of all it provides you job in your hometown.
1. Culture 2. People 3. Freedom not just in Engineering but all other depts
It's a place that encourages free flow of ideas and creativity! Love to be a part of this company! It's my dream come true..
Very clever people, exciting, working on products that can really change the world.  Global, quite good for mobility - I've worked in a number of offices.
best work environment any one could actually ask for
Amazing work culture Great environment Exciting opportunities Immense scope for creativity and growth..both professionally and personally
Awesome culture, great work/life balance
Great culture, flat and transparent, great growth opportunity, geo-flexibility.
Employee satisfaction oriented. Good paymasters. Fantastic work/life balance.
No. 1 search engine in the world!!
Great Leadership at higher level, Inspirational at times, great benefits, exceptional peers. Great food, locations, career prospects for the corporate types.
great perks, paid well, smart coworkers
Work culture Compensation and overall benefits Innovation
- Great work culture - Empowers you with creativity and independence
Lots of freedom to work on projects and ideas of your own choosing. World changing projects - help improve products for millions of people. Great compensation packages
Openness and freedom of execution
Great colleagues and onsite benefits
Perks, benefits and of course, the culture. Constant innovation and working with the brightest minds.
Great networking, fun place, good perks
Easy working condition, free snacks and nice pay.
Great work environment, with great people
If you want a job where you want to coast this is the place to work for. It has exceptional benefits and there are lots of extra curricular activities to get involved with.
You get to work with some of the greatest people in the software industry. It was amazing place to network. Google had an excellent culture that they worked hard to build and I hope they never lose.
comfortable working nature with good environment
- work life balance - conducive environment - employee friendly
Free food! Awesome people! This company just knows what it is doing. No other explanation than that. From the top down you will feel like you are part of something great and ground-breaking.
its a reputed company n hopefully workng wid it will b vry intrsng n challenging..
great coworkers, interesting work, great benefits
work life balance great benefits lots of respect, openness and fairness loads of learning and personal growth
Free food, open culture, smart people, travel potential, challenging work, career development, company pride, package pretty good, fun times and occasional massages.
You'll work, meet with and listen to some of the most talented, inspiring and friendly people that you will ever see. Clear and open culture of feedback, performance recognition and cooperation. "One Team" feeling. You are limited not by the things that you want to do, but the things that you can do given there is only so much time in a work week. THE most valuable internship I have experienced and heard of.
Fun place to work Great benefits Really nice people
Google is a dream company to work for! Perfect work-life balance.
-A very ethical company to work for. - The benefits are world class - Challenging environment that gives plenty of opportunity to prove oneself. - Dynamic organization that rewards its employees for their innovativeness
Excellent compensation and benefits including free food (virtually all meals) Genuinely earnest and caring company culture The smartest people I have ever worked with Large company with a lot of projects to choose from Opportunities to relocate to other offices (including overseas) Company is not afraid to spend money for employee needs or project benefits Very good technical/material support for employees. Example: A fantastic tech support system where we can get almost immediate attention for IT problems. Easy to order necessary equipment
Good benefits, varied work, good colleagues.
google is a very relaxed environment
Especially in HR department but there are so many temp employees and it's not easy to convert to FTE position.
Google has a very open culture with fun people. Managers are understanding and supportive. The work is interesting.
Food, Environment, Employee relations, Fun Time, Job responsibilites,Friday Party
You can grow at the pace you are comfortable at. Stress on personal growth, and flexibility. Great place to work as there is a good work and personal life balance. Management sensitive to employees.
Provide meals for free for lunch.
Good brand, great products, good compensation, still innovating though at a lesser pace than 3 years back. Like the fact that Google is always willing to take big risks and make big bets.
1) Perks 2) Great Learning Environment
flexibility to work in the office
We have great perks, people are young, dynamic, creative and willing to take risks. There's an open communication between teams and managers, and overall it's a super fun place to work at. I won't even get started with the benefits and perks that Google offers as those are well documented already.
Google has an amazing work environment. Free food, massages, gym etc. All amazing. I've also gained very valuable experience working with large clients. The salary and whole benefits package is way better than anywhere else that I've worked.
Laid back work environment Benefits Talented people
Health, onsite, monetary benefits that the company offers Responsibilities given in the teams Young Employee, dynamic environment On-going learnings and trainings
nice people nice company slogan
Brand name on resume Compensation Perks (kids looove them) Low pressure culture
- Great work environment, - Great company to start a career, - Hard-working and like-minded co-workers + quite a good bunch of really talented people, - Competitive compensation package, - Glamorous company to work at, - Great products, so that makes you a natural advocate for the company, - Working cross-functionally.
Dynamic, challenging, fast-paced but fun environment. At the cutting edge of technology, nice offices and staff care but don't expect to relax.
The environment was great, everybody is very supportive
Excellent Benefits, Smart and intelligent people, high energy and focus
Good food, fun environment, smart people, fun events, free t shirts,
Lots of talented people. Nice chairs.
Food is good (Really) Pay and Benefits. These are about the best things I can say right now.
good coworkers, innovation is essence
Some of the best reasons to work at Google are because of compensation, growth, locations(s), and much much more.
1) Great working environment. 2) Free and Healthy Food. 3) Super flexible working hours 4) Freedom to change teams. 5) Your work has huge impact on people and world. 6) Great respect for Engineers.
The people & perks are great
Level playing field. Everyone is given a fair chance to present his or his views.
Great brand, Free food, Good perks, Working with some of the smartest people in the world. Good place to start your career.
friendly work atmosphere, good ambient, growth opportunity, work life balance, there is lot of oppurtunity to show your skill set and talents, the boss helps and guides you!
Food is great, hours are flexible and the project is very interesting. It's really great to work with many extremely smart and highly skilled people.
Perks, compensation, benefits, shares, pride
Great benefits and perks. Nice and smart people.
- great work environment - a lot to learn - access to a lot of benefits - clear targets and goals
good salary not stressed job nice atmosphere young people
Good environment, good food, you can focus on technologies, and the pay is ok. You will work together with many start persons.
The benefits, perks, and culture are great. Teams and projects require entrepreneurial approaches. There is a lot of freedom in our work.
google has managed to still stay a very good place to work even though it has grown a lot in the past few years. work life balance, culture, and professional/career growth are still top notch.
Very transparent management, able to speak your own opinion and have a lot of freedom in the projects assigned to you.
The fact that Google is such a strong company name definitely helps build your resume. The experience gained in the staffing organization is still very valuable.
Amazing people to work with and constant learning and information sharing Good perks Great brand to work for Looks great in your CV Possibility to work on projects on top of your core job (if management allows) Fun! Learning the meaning of "think big"
Excellent benefits Fun place Extremely Intelligent co-workers
Great values, great perks, great career move
amazing co workers. great benefits with everything
Amazing people to work with. Some of the smartest people I have met in my 20+ years in the software industry.
good on resume free food and that's about it. Salary is not as high as I'd expected
Most well-known Internet company, many opportunities
Free food and great working environment
- Relatively flexible in trying new ideas - Smart colleagues - Relatively easier to move (to another job/role) within Google
Free food, intelligent colleagues, Compensation is fairly good.
Big problems to deal with
high pay and passionate and challenge job.
Culture actually means something in Google, it's something management depend on, and everyone believes in. It ensures most of the time we are all going in roughly the same direction, even if no one seems to have the time to verify it's the right direction  If a mistake is made, large or small, it's acknowledged, fixed, and people move on.  There is an honest believe that if there is a right way to do something, it will be done that way, even if it's a huge amount of effort initially.  You can depend on the fact that when you work with someone, they aren't an idiot, so any disagreement can be resolved sensibly.  Every company gets the odd manager who is not suited for their position occasionally. In Google, anyone can report a problem, so a manager gets help or a more suitable role.
Open culture and treat employees nicely. High respect and freedom to engineers. Encourage innovation and taking risks. Well rounded employer.
Access to internal knowledge bases, opportunity to work with some major engineering celebs, bleeding edge infrastructure, a lot to learn from the experience.
The benefits are the most pro and also the salary.
Flat hierarchy within the company, level of responsibility relatively high, cross team work supported, internal movement very well done as you could move pretty easily
quality of work - very innovative work.. also time alloted to do your own projects timings - extremely flexible timings. work from home. pay - ok to above average ambiance - very nice work environment
good perks, smart coworkers, decent work/life balance
great perks, great comp and great colleagues
top of line computer equipment/software. free breakfast, lunch, dinner, real focus on group/team building. people work well together. respectful as long as you don't have a life outside the company.
best company to work for
the benefits are amazing, management understand the importance of giving employees the freedom and autonomy to work on what interests them and what they are good at
interesting work people benefits  overall, google is great to work for
Innovation is key here. They want you to be yourself
There're several reasons: 1) exciting projects serving billions of users, 2) Good working environment, 3) Smart colleagues, and 4) fantastic food!
Nice place to work for. Excellent work culture Free food Ability to switch areas facilities and perks pay package brand name
COMPUTERS are really really fast
- Very intelligent co-workers. - Many perks. - Many learning opportunities.
good place to work with different genius people. always full of challenges. and the working environment is good. good pay.
Good Package You will have fun while working Very friendly colleagues Lots of opportunities to travel abroad Lots of free goodies like free transport, meals and stock options offered
Fast paced Smart colleagues reduce petty frustrations you might have in other companies Flexible (wfh opportunities) Package focuses on work/life balance Great in-office support - laptop problems, food requests, facilities Supportive of (Google-based) training International environment Great CFO leadership
Google pays me very well. The staff is very very nice they make you feel welcome. You also get a free lunch.
Great working experience Obtain insights into how search actually works Lots of resources to do many things Fun environment
-Benefits are second to none. -Senior leadership is out of this world (Larry, Sergey...at that level). -The new CEO Larry is very inspirational in his new role. -You come to work every day thinking I am so proud to be here. -An ethical company that truly believes in it's motto, 'do no evil.' -You just don't want to leave the company because you are so much in awe of senior leadership and the direction in which the company is headed.
it teaches you a lot..great place and it teaches you a lot of new things and all..excellent place...cant get better
We work on a lot of really great stuff that is leading the Internet Revolution. We have a lot of autonomy to work on different projects and make our own decisions.
Google provides great perks and benefits to their employees! You are surrounded by bright and competent people.
greatest company to work for
Amazing culture, trust in employees, no work pressure!
- Relaxed environment - Considerate to personal needs - Great benefits - Growing business
work like balance salary culture and overall quality of management If you have a chance to work at Google in Mountain View, do it. The campus there is amazing. Access to services for personal use as well as tools to develop professionally, abound. Also, the food.
great working place, lots of things to do around work place
international corporation, very driven and bright envinroment.
needless to say - very very smart, innovative people. techies - who love their work! Encouraging people and very competitive environment.
- Google management works hard to build a collaborative, friendly culture - It is possible to get a large amount of responsibility fast - If you work really hard and are able to make a lot of noise about your accomplishments, you can get recognized (clearly there is a flipside here.. see cons) - Engineers are mostly competent and have great infrastructure to help them accomplish tasks that no other company today can even begin to address
-Excellent benefits -Work among amazing and intelligent people -Fun events to get everyone together -Free food
If you have a chance to work at Google in Mountain View, do it. The campus there is amazing. Access to services for personal use as well as tools to develop professionally, abound. Also, the food.
Good food, great perks, great working culture
Growth, Satisfaction, Work life balance
Its a fun environment there.
work like balance salary culture and overall quality of management
Company still growing (and that's a bit of an understatement), both in its core businesses as well as in other businesses in which it is trying to become a major player. Sideways mobility between software engineering groups. The scale of its operations are amazing. For its size, it is still one of the best companies to work for. It is very well run. Perks. A culture that doesn't prohibit fun, and in some sense encourages it.
I really do like Everything
Best company to work for!
Defo the people that are there : They are all bright minded, clever and extreme various background which makes a very brain challenging environment.
The Google Community has been very supportive, they encourage ideas & are very supportive at every stage of the process.
it's getting old, but with larry page becoming ceo ago, things will change, hopefully. The company does have many new directions now.
Great company name and benefits
The people are very nice. The food is excellent. I like the environment very much. There are a lot of tech seminars.
The line about working with systems at internet scale is absolutely true. You will work with more compute and network resources than anywhere else. Extremely talented and passionate colleagues.
benefits are top rate amenities - food, gym, free events with celebrities discounts prestige
The absolute best reason to work at Google was the community, you're surrounded by intelligent people who are very competent and eager to accomplish team goals as well as their own. You would be hard pressed to find another company with a similar environment, culture, perks, and benefits.
Pretty satisfied with some of the indirect benefits (company/team outings, onsite perks). Most peers and coworkers made work more enjoyable. Also great to work with some of the smartest people in technology.
- Work is challenging and non trivial - Colleagues are smart - Working at Google is fun - Exposure to real users
A lot of resources and great people to learn from.
Great people, great benefits, great food, great fun, good offsites, nice work environment, good intranet and communication, family feel, respectful, company with a vision.
creative environment, good people, challenge
- Perks - Transparency - Pretty smart people - Larry Page back as Google CEO - A great place to learn and get a great resume.
Great work environment, great projects to work for, total freedom in work to pursue own goals and time flexibility. A place to learn how to run a company at its best both for employees and the employer
Space to grow, exposure and opportunities
Great food and great people.
Good communication of objectives by supervisors. Good resources given to employees. Innovation and creativity are encouraged. Good reputation and program. Good future within the company or even elsewhere when you have worked for Google.
Google is the place to learn grow and make a lot of money. You are surrounded by extremely intelligent community
Very great food and very supporting colleagues, the best place to work period.
Great brand, great people, great products
innovative and challenging - management works for the career development of the employees, compensation packages are good, and best office locations in town
great resources, talented colleagues, good pay
Great perks and laid back culture. Google excels at information sharing internally and you can be proud of most products you see in the company. Extensive international opportunities.
innovative and creative work culture. Amazing opportunity to learn from peers. A huge asset on your CV. Well paid better than industry standards
There was a lot of food always there to be eaten. They also treat the employees very well and pay their employees high salaries.
Perks and reputation in the space
Openness, bonuses, flexibility, creativity, consensus building
GOOD SALARY, GOOD EXPERIENCE, GOOD ENVIRONMENT, sometime you will find life time opportunity over there, so it is very good
Google is one of the most famous companies in China. I'm proud of working at Google.
Inovation is paramount in this compnay
Lots of learning opportunities depending on your interests.
Awesome perks, really smart people, working with huge data, great hacker culture, good free food, get to work with a lot of cool technologies
Free food, casual work environment, gym, bikes, a lot of the people can be very smart and accomplished in life
Free food, nice smart people, somewhat collaborative environment
Google is a company with diversity. You can meet a lot of people and learn a lot of valuable experience that can not be learn in school.
Great and smart people to work with, unbelievable benefits, great place for professional development if you seek those opportunities out
Working at Google has been an amazing experience so far. Less than a year after finishing my degree, I find myself working on interesting, challenging projects and even taking on the leadership role for a piece of critical infrastructure. Certainly, I am rapidly developing as an engineer.  Mostly, I have been impressed by the caliber of people I'm working with. Virtually every person I collaborate with is not only smart, but helpful and well-dispositioned .
I would like to work for Google again. Very good culture. Very high bar to get in. Lots of interesting projects.
Gourmet food!!!, great people to work with, and an amazing workplace environment. I look forward to coming to work on a daily basis.
Smart people, employees treated very well.
You can learn a lot as your first job as a new grad. Best opportunity for somebody who is fresh from school. Working with smart people and best technology.
They provide free food. Google is a great place to work. Snacks, drinks, friendly environment. Wonderful place for engineers to work.
- Great pool of smart people - Great onsite benefits - Lots of interesting projects - Cool company - Great Public awareness and charitable attitudes.
the smartest brightest people work here, excellent executive staff, fun projects that suites your interests, and excellent bonuses.
The best things are the free exchange of ideas, the informal working environment, the opportunity to pursue your own projects
awesome people, nice weather, on the leading edge of technology
Great people, very open and caring. Also VERY smart. It's your co-workers what makes it great going to work every morning. Great benefits (food, gym, healthcare). Great info sharing (transparency) from management and great access to info all across the company.
Coming from a startup background, Google provides amazing opportunities for working in small, focused teams on influential products. Overall I have been very satisfied with my ability to move around within the company.
Folks are generally smart and friendly, easy to achieve work-life balance if you are not too keen in getting promoted, open culture.
good compensation, nice place with a lot of goodies.
Best place for a software engineer. Superb infrastructure. Relatively fast development cycle. Great perks. Good food. Flexible work hours
awesome people awesome work environment nice projects to work on good food managers are talented and good at management skill managers are nice
great respect for employees, amazing colleagues, good work environment. Generally, a lot happens and once you gained credibility, you can change and move within the company to pursue new opportunities.
Prestigious place to work in as an intern. Great opportunity to join a real project and actually launch your own code to millions of people around the world. Relaxed atmosphere and plenty of food.
Brilliant minds, college atmosphere, interesting projects
Google is a very dynamic environment, it's all about the people and it is an incredibly exciting place to work
Google offers an open environment that encourages creativity and fosters growth.
People are smart, technology is innovative, food is the best. lots of other perks including gym, unlimited food, lots of great invited speakers.
- Great place to work - Competent people - Infrastructure - Good salary - Food
Food, Gym, People, Office, Internet
Work with some of the smartest people on the planet. Opportunities to work on new problems and cutting edge technologies. Opportunities to innovate.
Rewards top performers Great benefits Great brand to put in your resume. Very well respected around the world. The company keeps innovating.
Great engineers, good products, free food and all expense paid trips to ski resorts and what not. Not to mention the free t-shirts.
Great company to work for
Wonderful work environment that lends itself to great innovation and freedom to develop great products and services. I enjoyed working at this company.
Google was a great place to work with colleagues, and grow my career. I am forever grateful to being lucky enough to be a part of Google.
good place to work. nice food, nice computer, nice space. nice people good place to write code, there is no interrupt during my work
Brilliant, funny co-workers. Most of the time, if you make it through the hiring process in Mountain View you're a mensch. I cannot overstate how wonderful most of the people are. Insider access to technology that will drop your jaw on a daily basis. The ability, for good or bad, to help change the world. Spectacular bonuses that bring up the low salaries to a nice level.  Google is a good place to join if you are brilliant, good at promoting your work to other engineers, and willing to work 70-hour weeks.  The food is pretty darn good. The gyms in Mountain View are extraordinary, I don't know about other sites. They don't want you ever to have to step offcampus, and you pretty much don't.
Google is a good place to work for not because of all the talented people around you, but also the free culture.
Extremely open culture, extremely smart people to work with
Amazing people, a great culture with good knowledge sharing and timely communication, great workplace with prepared food, relaxing surroundings and competent management.
You will be able to work in some of the most advanced datacenters in the world. Good exposure to a lot interesting technologies
I have been on multiple projects in past few years and have recieved great exposure to the technical aspects.
The office is a really great place to work It is a decent job with good security Salary is high
Worklife was great. First and foremost - No micromanagement at Google. Planning was done very well by the PM, and ample energy was spent in doing quality work. Teams worked from all around the globe and that made the job interesting. Timings were flexi
great benefits: food, massages, pets, technology, shuttles to work, cool discounts, collaborative culture. depending on the group, work lifestyle balance may differ. jobs in corporate finance are generally cyclical and predictable with the planning cycle. offices all over the world and developing markets, with new products so creates lots of opportunity, but difficult to navigate.
Google is a great place to work. The culture is strong despite a large company. There is still a startup mentality.
- quickly can lead your own projects. - very flexible hours. - engineer driven company. - work with a lot of smart people.
Google is an exellent employeer and highly recommend anyone to al least try to employ thier. Google is fair and u get to change the web in which alot of people around the world get to look at.
compensation package is very strong, bonus structure is very strong and also very fair, good team atmosphere and team environment.
The work environment and the benefits are legendary and are really as good as everyone says. The *free* food is phenomenal, although I must have put on a stone and a half in my time there! The culture is exciting, the work interesting, and you really do impact millions of people around the world. Many events and theme days make going to work fun and it's really much more than your average company. Still proud to say I worked there
Employees are allowed to work on side projects that can improve your department, or the company, with minimal managment oversite.
great place to work and awesome benefits. It makes you proud to work for such a company. all your international colleague's will be your friends. They organize a lot of trainings, entertainment and speakers. Great place to master the online media landscape
Extremely smart people working on some of the toughest technical challenges. Wide range of products that you can potentially switch to if something strikes your fancy.
Interesting software development projects and quality engineers.
Nice offices. Free breakfast, free lunch, free snacks. Also free beer on Fridays. If enrolled in a pension plan Google with add an amount equal to your contribution up to 7% of salary. Easy access to gym.
While it's a competitive workplace, most people collaborate and have fun. Not to mention the free food provided at Google.
Lots of tech & flexibility Good place to learn & try new things
Great food, exciting environment, lots of cool perks. Smart people, lots of energy.
work with smart people, very creative workplace. good benefits considering the total package.
casual dynamic and motivational rewarding
Very open to new ideas.
The food - kind of overboard actually.
Famous place to work with the latest technology
good on resume nice perks great environment and good weather great people to work with engineers are respected, unlike many other places
The working environment and the opportunities in google is very good.In terms of the career advancement google is the best place.
Google is a good place to start work. There are many Opportunities to develop your skills, especially in the selling department.
Great management and group of people to work for Free food with a gym also X Boxs, playstations and pool tables on every floor Great salary got promotion within 2 months
1. You get to work with smart people 2. You get to work on products that affect lot of people 3. You get a lot of things off the shelf available within google 4. Competetive pay packages & bonuses
Amazingly smart co-workers Incredible free perks (gourmet food, transportation, fitness facilties, campus) Bleeding edge tech with a culture of innovation
Treats employees really well. The Google brand name evokes respect. Learn from one of the most trafficked sites in the world. A big player in the Internet world
Great, smart people. Fast paced, interesting problems Big impact.
1) Creative work environment 2) Smart persons around you 3) Open communication 4) Easy sharing with colleagues within internal development network
- Impact, impact, impact! Imagine what 'translate' alone can do for humanity - Does an amazing job of recruiting capable, motivated, and genuinely nice people (as painful as the process is) which results in a strong culture, the backbone of great companies - Strong operating principles and values
Google has amazing scale for most of their operations, both in the technical and non-technical domains. There are opportunities to reach millions of people all over the world.
Great place to work for eng and PM and ability to create something amazing
Co-workers are really smart. Overall folks are young, active, innovative, entrepreneurial, and very aggressive. The lunches, trips, dinner, massages, and shuttles only add to the overall quality of the experience.
Great products with high impact. Great employee benefits Smart people to work with Stable and established company Lots of interesting projects
Great place to start work - I moved to Google straight from college, and it is a great place to start work. Helps you get associated with a work environment. Management is quite clear in its communication, and decisions are made keeping in mind the business needs.
Countless opportunities. Great benefits, play an important role from day one. Ability to change things, work with some of the best in the field.
-smart people -best work place ever
Great culture and perks (17 gourmet cafes - all free!) Innovative, fun, industry-leader
This was a telecommute position, so I didn't get to experience the perks of working in Mountain View. However it was an interesting and extremely flexible job. Probably one of the best work at home jobs a person could have.
perks location flexibility in working remotely, at least before 2/2009
the package is not bad, the experience is quite good
Great benefits and perks, a brand that can sell itself, world leader
Benefits, Alpha/Beta testing products before they hit the market, working across multiple teams in multiple locations through video conferencing, youthful, young
great company to work. Great enviroment. talented people. free lunch. can learn a lot of new things. work with talented people.
+ You'll work with smart, hard-working people who care about products and the world + Build a great network of people who will eventually leave to start great companies + Work on challenging problems and cool products
Spent 3 years there, fantastic atmosphere, great people and great leadership. Only problem was slight lack of work-life balance. All in all very good.
- tremendous brand value - some top-notch co-workers - perks and onsite amenities - while salary may be lower than industry average, equity makes overall comp competitive
a very interesting company with all the exciting new ideas to explore and people working together with you are also very nice.
Google pays well, the benefits are remarkably good, there is a good work/life balance and the calibre of the employees is absolutely 1st class. Employees are treated very fairly, management decisions communicated well, and decision made is a collaborative, consensus driven way. The company's brand is also so strong that it is very easy to build up a great network of contacts in other company's - pretty much nobody will refuse a call from someone at Google it seems.
First of all: I have an infinite respect for the founders, their ethics, the kind of culture they infused in the company and the continuous (positive) influence that they have on how it's operated. I also admire deeply Eric Schmidt, both as a motivator and as the provider of a very strong vision and leadership. The openness, the infinite possibilities for feedback, and the attitude to listening to that feedback and try to convert it in meliorative actions is something that makes me think I wouldn't work anywhere else. Of course no company is perfect, but frankly I have a hard time trying to imagine a company working better than this one, at least for what concerns employee lifestyle, work-life balance, career possibilities, open communication, etc.
Great perks Great place to work if you find the right team Lots of flexibility in how you want to design your objectives and do your job
- beautiful campus in mountain view - free food and drinks - nice perks and company organized activities (assuming you have time to attend) - young and vibrant culture - many smart and fun people - competitive total compensation package - excellent company name recognition
shuttles to work have a job
Great raw talent in the troops. If you land in an innovative tam, lots of room for innovation. people think you are cool when you work there.
- Insights into building top class products - Best engineering practices - Insights into optimizing performance, improving scalability etc. - Focus on user.
Google has a great environment. The employees are very knowledgeable and kind. Great perks as well if you are an employee.
great compensation, travel, amenities great food information / knowledge sharing lot of interesting opportunities, however one needs to be lucky to get them...
- Very flexible working hours - having a good life/work balance is encouraged - internal exposure to projects/products that can have a huge impact globally - working with very talented and diverse teams
The benefits at Google are amazing. The free 5-star catering for lunch. The decent breakfast and dinner options. We even have a sushi-chef on-site in the NYC office. The entire company and all of its employees enjoy learning and it is very respected when you take internal training courses and/or share industry information with your peers. You are expected to be brilliant. You are expected to output great, creative, innovative work. You are expected to be the best of the best. And they only hire the best candidates out of top-tier private schools with applicable research, industry or work experience.
Many colleagues are good people and good at their job, it's exciting to work at somewhere so influential, it's good on the resume, great food
- Technical resources - Benefits and Perks - Huge number of interesting projects - Smart coworkers - Freedom to manage your own work
The benefits are unparalleled and I really enjoyed the causal work atmosphere. Also, the people were among the smartest I've ever worked with
Smart peers, good benefits, interesting work
Amazing benefits, very qualified people (overqualified actually), relaxed work environment, very hard to get fired, always work in a global environment, lots of cross-team collaboration, lots of social events.
- excellent perks - good management - no micro managing - lots of interesting projects - great coworkers - flexibility about telecommuting
-Amazing perks....free gym, food is the best. -Young and fun co workers.
Good Benefits and Good good
Great Atmosphere and people working there
-Free food  -Very young management and college-like atmosphere  -Google's market dominance and absence of significant competitors  -Potential for high salaries at the higher management levels  -Very smart people
I believe that Google offers one of the best internships available to students. They not only issue students a great deal of responsibility, they also cater a great deal socially, organising many events (from mini-festivals, to international internship expos, to sea safari's in Dublin).  During the internship, I had many 1:1 meetings with my manager who offered good advice and feedback about the project I was given.  Great brand name on the CV.
Free food, cool perks, 30" screen, smart people. Great positive environment if you are in one of the few projects with an excellent manager. Brand name: it will help a lot to have Google on your resumé when you'll run away.
Great transparency within the company where you can learn a lot. Abundance of great, intelligent people in the company. Lots of exciting opportunities within Google. Great benefits and perks. Employees are well respected by company.
Google is a great place to start your career. They're one of the few companies that was willing to train new college grads and let them join a fun, youthful team of smart people. Plus, the food and benefits can't be beat.
Google is a company of constant change, and opportunities abound for the hungry. Management are eager to spot talent and bring them forward.
Benefits are the cool dude.
The food, the quality of your co-workers
flexiable and creative job.  very special data centre design, advanced clound computing and server system
I've also heard about how Google's stack ranking-based review system is obsolete and is an unfair way to rate employees. I suspect that most of the people who complain fall on the low end of the review scale. Personally, I have never paid much attention to the review process, and I have never felt unfairly treated by it. I am also one of those people who delights in knowing that there is always someone smarter than me at Google that I can learn from. Since I'm always learning from someone, I'm always improving, and always holding my own in the stack rankings. Google does not and should not reward complacency. While I'm sure the review process can be improved, I've also witnessed that it has been slowly evolving for years so I'm content that people are working to improve the process.
My story is a little different than most others because I was a temp worker for Google, testing search results for a year. I enjoyed the work a great deal, there were always new interesting things to test, and I got to see things like Maps and Timelines long before they were released to the public and help make them better. The pay was reasonable - $15/hour working from home - and there were good bonuses after a certain number of hours had been completed, or occasionally given for working on specific projects.
fast paced environment, opportunities to learn, super smart and nice coworkers, free food
2 types of people that will find a great place to work: (1) recent college or B-school graduates looking for a first job where they can learn a lot, and (2) more senior corporate executives with many years of experience who aren't overly ambitious and are looking for a role where they can put life on auto-pilot and glide through their day-to-day activities.
Your colleagues. More than anything else, I really enjoy working somewhere where I can rely on not just the competence but as importantly the friendliness and general willingness to pitch in, of my colleagues.  It is also lovely to work somewhere that genuinely does seem to try and do the right thing. (That sounds like schmaltz but it is true).
Google is a place with amazing learning opportunities - lots of very smart, skilled people to learn from.
Great benefits, this is the main reason people site for working at Google. My colleagues were fantastic and make my daily life at Google much happier.
Google engineers are some of the best I've ever worked with.
- Pay - Culture - Reputation
relaxed work sphere, friendly people
The quality of the people and the ambitiousness of what we're doing is quite something. I've seen a lot of other companies from the outside, as a former strategy consultant, and Google's more extraordinary than a lot of those on the inside realise. The culture's very transparent (though that may reflect function / geography) and impressively flat. Which isn't to say there aren't title and salary differences, but that fantastic people with lowly titles are given the space and encouragement to do fantastic things.
No problem is too large to tackle. You get a chance to work on things not possible elsewhere because of the scale of the resources you have available. You also work with very smart and capable people.
Perks. Free food and other facilities. You'll work on something that is used by millions of people. Opportunity to work with some of the best people in country.
The free food is fantastic, Google grabs attention on your C.V.
Brilliant, friendly co-workers, relaxed environment, and free food are all big plusses. Also, having Google on your resume opens a lot of doors and enhances your personal branding.
The work atmosphere is great and the company makes effort in taking care of the employees.
The scopes are good for future developments. This is a place which offers great opportunities to move forward in life. i get commendable help from my managers and other senors in case if i face any problem with my work. the work environment is fun filled and motivates me to work well and complete tasks within the deadlines. The pay is quite high. Moreover, this company offers very attractive benefit packages to all its employees and also many vacations. Added to this is the fairness in offering us promotions and rewards for delivering good performance. The name Google India is a good break to have been added on our resumes indeed!
The food is the best reason.
If you are an engineer, it's wonderful. The place is built by engineers, for engineers. The company's rules, structure and processes usually make sense, and when when they don't, anyone can fix them, if they can get enough people to reach a consensus. Promotions sometimes seem very difficult - but well earned, and very fair.
Free Food !!! Great people. It feels like staying in college if you are a bottom employee (foosball tournament, PS3, Wii...). You can learn so much from the company and others because everybody is talented. Very fast moving environment. It is a meritocracy, if you are good, you will be recognized and remunerated. You will work in the most international environment possible with colleagues from all around the globe.
Smart & passion. That's great company.
The potential opportunity to work on something great that millions of people will use. You can learn a lot while working along with a group of very smart people. The benefits package is quite strong. On the whole, google treats its employees very well.
2 types of people that will find a great place to work: (1) recent college or B-school graduates looking for a first job where they can learn a lot, and (2) more senior corporate executives with many years of experience who aren't overly ambitious and are looking for a role where they can put life on auto-pilot and glide through their day-to-day activities.
Travailler dans un esprit de famille avec une culture riche ou il est possible de grandir à l'international et il s'agit d'un endroit avec une conciliation travaille famille importante
Tres acceuillant, salaire interressant, collègues tres sympa, l'entreprise est a la hauteur de sa réputation, rien a reprocher je suis ravi de mon poste!
Geld, Bonus Massstab, schwierige Probleme Gute Kollegen
Bon niveau de technologie, des collègues intéressant
Mindset, Attraktivität der Projekte, Ownership für Kunden
Open, innovatief, salaris, cultuur en collegas
Freundlich, Team-building, gehalt, spaß, zeit
Travailler à son nom, comprendre notre équipe que nous fondons, voir sa clientèle s’epanouir, ..
Respect Patiente Écoute Restaurant d'entreprise
Dat ik geld wil maken En ik wil graag voor Google werken En ik wil ze ook helpen En ik woon in Suriname
aucun avantages interesant a voir
Sehr schnell sehr großes Netzwerk
Viele Möglichkeiten zur Weiterentwicklung und Fortbildung.
De superbes équipes, des gens brillants avec qui il est agréable d'évoluer
Tous les perks, les collègues, l'environnement, Work Hard Play Hard, la culture de l'entreprise lorsqu'elle est respectée, les possibilités d'évolution quand on y entre tôt plus difficile ensuite, possibilité d'évolution à l'étranger, l'accès à la formation, etc.
Sehr gutes Arbeitsklima Freundliche Mitarbeiter Super Arbeitsplatz
Un bon niveau de salaire, une bonne situation géographique en plein coeur de Paris, une position de leader.
Flexible Arbeitszeiten Gute Manager Gutes Essen Fokus auf Mitarbeiter
Collègues très smart, ambiance collaborative, respect des autres, salaires attractifs, beaucoup d'avantages autres que le salaire.
Man hat gute verdienst Möglichkeiten
Am Puls der Zeit. Sehr spannende Aufgaben.
geld verdienen het is leuk
Tres bien travail et bonne place pour travailler
La meilleure entreprise du monde
Googlers Culture d'entreprise Conditions de travail Mesure de la performance à 360
Kostenlose Vollverpflegung, sehr nette Kollegen, sehr gute IT Ausstattung.
Convivialité des locaux Free food
autonomie, impact, voyage, diversité des missions
- Culture Googley - Accès aux produits en beta - Un grand compte qui lutte pour conserver son esprit Startup - Grande confiance accordée aux salariés dés le début
On mange bien et tout!
Super Benefits und toller Arbeitsplatz.
Le salaire est compétitif. Les équipes sont jeunes, compétentes, internationales et motivées. L'environnement de travail est confortable. La formation interne est de grande qualité.
Bon boulot tout le monde
nettoyer l'historique pour bien en profiter sinon c'est dommage
Esprit cool, jeune et dynamique
- Grote impact op samenleving - Veel mogelijkheden op carrièreprogressie en rollen met verantwoordelijkheid - Erg goede omkadering
Super Team Man lernt zu arbeiten
Cadre de travail, rapidité, épanouissement
Avantages , argent, bonheur, vie, entreprise
Primes importantes pour certains mois
Viel Freiheit, arbeiten an grossen Projekten
Gehalt, Produkte, Internationalität, Zusammenhalt, Perks!
bon salaire et bonne ambiance
trés bon salaires et benefits, collegues trés smart, brand enviable
Tout est pensés pour le travailleur, axés travailleur et son bien etre. L'esprit d'équipe est bien présent, Et on ne peut rien reprocher à ses collègues.
geweldig bedrijf om voor te werken met heel veel mogelijkheden. tijd om te groeien en door te ontwikkelen als mens en professioneel. Zeker aan te raden om het mee te maken.
C'était une expérience très enregissante
Cadre de travail très agréable On rencontre des collègues du monde entier Le salaire plus que raisonnable
Avoir un réel impact, être écouté, participer à des projets de grande envergure
Bieres gratuites et mars à volonté
Ze nemen je mee in alles wat je doet. je wordt goed voorereid, en krijgt alles te zien wat ze mogelijk aan je gaan vragen. Dit maakt het heel rustgevend en transparant.
-Challenges -Bonne restauration -Bons contacts -Bonne organisation, esprit d'équipe, management
Top Arbeitgeber. Tolle Konditionen und Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten.
Salaire. Rythme de travail, pression inexistante. Perks/environnement.
Pour aidé à ma famille dans le plan matériel parce que je ne travaille pas et je veux aidé la communauté
Großartige Kollegen, Benefits, schöne und gemütliche Büros, tolle Kultur
Google bietet sehr viele extra Vorteile, die sonst keine andere. Tägliches Essen, Fitness Studio, Teil Finanzierung von Weiterbildung
Selbstständige Arbeit, viel Austausch mit Kollegen, sehr international, Benefits, tolle Kollegen, viele Trainings und Weiterbildung, bestes Essen und kostenlos, bunte Büros, wird nie langweilig, Mitarbeiterentwicklung, Teilzeit möglich
+ Zeer ervaren collega's om veel van te leren + Full catering, ontbijt, lunch en avond eten. + Zeer geavanceerde infrastructuur om op te werken
L'argent est avantageux cependant j'aime les relations entres les personnes qui s'installent au sein de cette boîte de travail c'est s
Compromiso, dedicación, esfuerzo, aventura y desarrollo
Tolle Mitarbeiter, Lage und natürlich Google-Perks
Projets et produits innovants, à la pointe. Employeur qui soigne ses employés, plein d'avantages, batiments et infrastructures incroyable. Le talent est aussi incroyable: les collègues sont très compétents, le processus de sélection est très efficace
Bon salaire , bonne ambiance , cadre plaisant grande compagnie , ambiance de travail idéale permettant de s'épanouir pleinement , horaire convenable
Macht Spass dort im technischen Bereich ist allerdings viel zu arbeiten . man hat tolle Mitarbeiter und Chefs jedoch darf man es sich mit keinem verderben
Goede verdiende baan. Leuke mensen. Goed nagedacht over hoe mensen goed kunnen werken alleen om met een groep.
- Best and free lunch! - Nice colleagues - creative atmosphere - Cool office with a bed (!) for those who want to take a break from work. - lovely roof terrace
Kollegen, Gehalt, Perks, man lernt immer wieder was Neues
Kreatives Umfeld, gute Teamstruktur, gutes Image
Très bonne performance pour les employés
Bonne ambiance bonne collaboration J'ai beaucoup apprécié travailler dans cette entreprise
gute atmosphäre, angenehmes klima, tolles team
geht so aber es kann besser sein
- Kollegen - Perks, Office Location - Internationalität
Réputation et cadre de travail
Evolutivité du poste, qualité de la restauration, intérêt des projets
Junges Team, tolle Büros, kostenloses Essen und viele Benefits
Zéro pression. Beaucoup de perks.
Dynamisch, offen für Vorschläge und Initiative, flache Hierarchien, smarte Mitarbeiter...
Les employés sont responsabilisés, c'est bien
